ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The iconic blossoming cherry trees that ring the Tidal Basin here have symbolized the arrival of spring for nearly a century. This year, they will be one more sign of wacky and warming weather.
The National Park Service, which maintains the trees, said on Wednesday that the pink and white blossoms could reach their peak as soon as March 14, a full three weeks earlier than normal. If the flowers indeed pop on that date, it will be the earliest bloom on record.
That is thanks to springlike weather that has made a roaring early advance across much of the United States in recent weeks, breaking records from New England to the Deep South and punctuating a mild winter.
In Texas, which experienced temperatures in the high 80s on several days in February, flowers and trees are in bloom well ahead of schedule. Chicago has had only dustings of snow so far this year — far below the 9.1 inches expected in February.
And in New York State, maple syrup producers started tapping their trees two months before they normally do.
“The key thing is it’s not just the East Coast and the blooming of cherry blossoms,” said Kevin Trenberth, a climatologist at the National Center for Atmospheric Research. “This is going on all over the world.”
Here in Washington, the warmth has organizers of the annual National Cherry Blossom Festival, a monthlong series of performances and other events, racing to meet the early flowering.
Diana Mayhew, the festival’s president, said officials made the decision on Tuesday to begin five days earlier than planned, on March 15, after representatives from the Park Service briefed them on their forecast.
Ms. Mayhew said she expected as many as a million and a half people to take part in the five-week festival, with many of them crowding the blossom-shaded pathways that line the Tidal Basin from dawn to well past dusk.
The cherry trees date to 1912, when Japan gave some 3,000 of them to the United States as a gesture of friendship.
Only a handful of the original trees remain, but thousands more have been planted since.
Michael Litterst, a spokesman for the National Park Service, said the agency made its annual bloom prediction based on history, natural indicators on the trees and the weather forecast.
The trees are considered to be in peak bloom when 70 percent of the basin’s most common variety, Yoshino, are in flower. In a typical year, that comes on April 4.
But not this year. Given the mild winter and rare February warmth, the Park Service says the peak should come between March 14 and 17, depending on the weather in the coming weeks.
The record, set in 1990, is March 15.
Like much of the central and eastern United States, Washington has seen a winter of record and near-record warmth.
February here was the warmest on record, with average temperatures almost 9 degrees above normal and one degree higher than a normal March.
This year may be a partial anomaly, Mr. Litterst said, but the average date of peak bloom has shifted forward by almost five days since record keeping began in 1921.
On Thursday, as wind cutting across the Tidal Basin tossed heavy buds through the air, a small group of blossom hunters clustered near a lone, rippling flower that they said they were happy to welcome early.
Ryan Cook was delighted to be among them. On a work trip to the capital with his son, Noah, Mr. Cook had been monitoring the blossoms’ development online in hopes of catching a glimpse before leaving town.
As they stopped to take a picture, though, Mr. Cook said he was a bit uneasy with a winter that even at home in Morral, Ohio, has been unusually warm — “scarily so.”
“Just the fact that winter isn’t what it used to be — it just doesn’t make sense,” he said, saying it was almost certainly a sign of the changing climate that scientific studies describe. “I’ll go with the scientists.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Michael T. Flynn, then Donald J. Trump’s incoming national security adviser, had a previously undisclosed meeting with the Russian ambassador in December to “establish a line of communication” between the new administration and the Russian government, the White House said on Thursday.
Jared Kushner, Mr. Trump’s son-in-law and now a senior adviser, also participated in the meeting at Trump Tower with Mr. Flynn and Sergey I. Kislyak, the Russian ambassador. But among Mr. Trump’s inner circle, it is Mr. Flynn who appears to have been the main interlocutor with the Russian envoy — the two were in contact during the campaign and the transition, Mr. Kislyak and current and former American officials have said.
But the extent and frequency of their contacts remains unclear, and the disclosure of the meeting at Trump Tower adds to the emerging picture of how the relationship between Mr. Trump’s incoming team and Moscow was evolving to include some of the president-elect’s most trusted advisers.
The White House has repeatedly sought to play down any connections with Mr. Kislyak. Attorney General Jeff Sessions acknowledged this week that he had met twice with him during the campaign, despite previous denials.
The New Yorker reported this week that Mr. Kushner had met with Mr. Kislyak at Trump Tower in December. Hope Hicks, a White House spokeswoman, confirmed on Thursday that Mr. Flynn was also at the meeting in response to questions from a New York Times reporter.
It is common and not improper for transition officials to meet with foreign officials. But all meetings between Trump associates and Russians are now significant as the F.B.I. investigates Russian interference in the American election and whether anyone close to Mr. Trump’s campaign was involved.
The meeting in December came at a crucial time, just as the Obama White House was preparing to sanction Russia and publicly make its case that Moscow had interfered with the 2016 election.
What is now becoming clear is that the incoming Trump administration was simultaneously striking a conciliatory pose toward Moscow in a series of meetings and phone calls involving Mr. Kislyak.
“They generally discussed the relationship and it made sense to establish a line of communication,” Ms. Hicks said. “Jared has had meetings with many other foreign countries and representatives — as many as two dozen other foreign countries’ leaders and representatives.”
The Trump Tower meeting lasted 20 minutes, and Mr. Kushner has not met since with Mr. Kislyak, Ms. Hicks said.
When first asked in January about Mr. Flynn’s contacts with Mr. Kislyak, the White House said that there had been only a text message and phone call between the men at the end of December, and that both came before the United States imposed sanctions. That was quickly contradicted by news reports.
Mr. Flynn’s story then began changing, and the White House eventually acknowledged the two men had discussed the sanctions and how the two countries could move past the acrimony once Mr. Trump was in office.
American officials have also said that there were multiple telephone calls between Mr. Flynn and Mr. Kislyak on Dec. 29, beginning shortly after Mr. Kislyak was summoned to the State Department and informed that, in retaliation for Russian election meddling, the United States was expelling 35 people suspected of being Russian intelligence operatives and imposing other sanctions.
Mr. Kislyak was irate and threatened a forceful Russian response, according to people familiar with the exchange. He then left the State Department and called Mr. Flynn, the first in a series of calls between the two in the 36 hours that followed.
American intelligence agencies routinely wiretap the phones of Russian diplomats, and transcripts of the calls showed that Mr. Flynn urged the Russians not to respond, saying relations would improve once Mr. Trump was in office, according to the current and former officials.
Mr. Flynn’s failure to fully disclose the nature of the calls with Mr. Kislyak ultimately cost him his job last month after a tumultuous 25 days as national security adviser.
The United States government has concluded that Russia intended, at least in part, to help elect Mr. Trump through a campaign of cyberattacks, propaganda and misinformation. The government has concluded that Russian operatives were behind the hacking of the Democratic National Committee and John D. Podesta, the chairman of Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign.
Current and former American officials have said that Mr. Flynn had contacts with Mr. Kislyak during the campaign. But few of the specifics of those contacts were known. The Russian ambassador has acknowledged that the two men had known each other since 2013 and were in contact during the campaign.
“It’s something all diplomats do,” Mr. Kislyak was quoted as saying by The Washington Post, though he refused to say what subjects he discussed with Mr. Flynn.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The White House is fiercely divided over President Trump’s campaign promise to “cancel” the Paris agreement, the 2015 accord that binds nearly every country to curb global warming, with more moderate voices maintaining that he should stick with the agreement despite his campaign pledge.
Stephen K. Bannon, Mr. Trump’s senior adviser, is pressing the president to officially pull the United States from the landmark accord, according to energy and government officials with knowledge of the debate. But, they say, he is clashing with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and the president’s daughter Ivanka Trump, who fear the move could have broad and damaging diplomatic ramifications.
Mr. Trump vowed on the campaign trail to tear up President Barack Obama’s global warming policies, and on the home front he is moving aggressively to meet those pledges with deep cuts to the Environmental Protection Agency and a new E.P.A. administrator, Scott Pruitt, who is a skeptic of climate science.
Next week, Mr. Trump plans to sign an executive order directing Mr. Pruitt to start the lengthy legal process of unwinding Mr. Obama’s E.P.A. regulations for cutting greenhouse pollution from coal-fired power plants. Those regulations are the linchpin of the last administration’s program to meet the nation’s obligations to reduce climate emissions under the Paris agreement.
While the president cannot, as Mr. Trump suggested, unilaterally undo a 194-nation accord that has already been legally ratified, he could initiate the four-year process to withdraw the world’s largest economy and second-largest climate polluter from the first worldwide deal to tackle global warming. Such a move would rend a global deal that has been hailed as historic, throwing into question the fate of global climate policy and, diplomats say, the credibility of the United States.
But it would also demonstrate to his supporters that Mr. Trump is a man of his word, putting American coal interests ahead of a global deal forged by Mr. Obama.
On one side of that debate is Mr. Bannon, who as a former chief executive of Breitbart News published countless articles denouncing climate change as a hoax, and who has vowed to push Mr. Trump to transform all his major campaign promises into policy actions.
On the other side are Ms. Trump, Mr. Tillerson, and a slew of foreign policy advisers and career diplomats who argue that the fallout of withdrawing from the accord could be severe, undercutting the United States’ credibility on other foreign policy issues and damaging relations with key allies.
Although Ms. Trump has not spoken out publicly for action to combat climate change, proponents and opponents of such action see her as an ally. Former Vice President Al Gore met with her during the Trump transition, and was ushered in by the “first daughter” to see the president-elect. The actor and activist Leonardo DiCaprio even slipped her a DVD copy of his climate-change documentary.
“President Trump Must Not Wobble on Climate Change — No Matter What Ivanka Says …,” blared a Breitbart post on Monday written by James Delingpole, who is close to Mr. Bannon and who leads the website’s coverage of climate-change policy.
Mr. Trump wants to make a decision by next week, say people familiar with the White House’s debate on the climate pact, in order to announce his executive order to undo Mr. Obama’s climate regulations in conjunction with his plans for the Paris deal.
According to leaked budget documents, the president will also propose killing off nearly two dozen E.P.A. programs, including the Obama-era Clean Power Program, climate partnership programs with local governments, Energy Star grants to encourage efficiency research in consumer products and climate-change research. Those would be part of a broader budget submission that would cut the E.P.A.’s funding by 25 percent, to around $6.1 billion from $8.2 billion, and its staff by 20 percent.
“If the goal is to fulfill the president’s campaign promises and implement his agenda, there is no value in staying in Paris,” said Thomas J. Pyle, an adviser to the Trump transition and the president of the Institute for Energy Research, an organization partly funded by the billionaire brothers Charles G. and David H. Koch, who have worked for years to undermine climate-change policies.
Mr. Trump has cited Mr. Pyle’s group as being influential in shaping his energy and climate proposals, including his campaign pledge to withdraw from the Paris deal.
“The two greatest obstacles to a Clexit (climate exit from U.N. Paris agreement) are probably Ivanka and Tillerson,” wrote Marc Morano, a former Republican Senate staff member who now runs Climate Depot, a fossil-fuel-industry-funded website that promotes the denial of climate science, in an email. “Tillerson with his ‘seat at the table’ views could be biggest proponent of not withdrawing the U.S. from the agreement.”
Mr. Tillerson is a former chief executive of Exxon Mobil, which, like many major global corporations, endorsed the Paris agreement. While his former company once denied human-caused climate change, it has more recently publicly acknowledged the threat posed by burning oil and supported proposals to tax carbon dioxide pollution.
Asked during his Senate confirmation hearing about the Paris accord, Mr. Tillerson said, “It’s important that the U.S. maintains its seat at the table about how to address the threat of climate change, which does require a global response.”
Under the Paris agreement, every nation has formally submitted plans detailing how it expects to lower its planet-warming pollution. The Obama administration pledged that the United States would reduce its carbon pollution about 26 percent from 2005 levels by 2025. However, that pledge depends on enactment of Mr. Obama’s E.P.A. regulations on coal-fired power plants, which Mr. Trump and Mr. Pruitt intend to substantially weaken or eliminate.
But under the Paris deal, those numerical targets are not legally binding, and there are no sanctions for failing to meet them. The primary legal requirements of the deal are that countries publicly put forth their emissions reductions targets, and later put forth reports verifying how they are meeting the targets. It would be possible for the Trump administration to stay in the deal and submit a less ambitious target.
Even senior Republican voices in the foreign policy debate have said it may be wiser to stay in but keep a low profile.
“There’s really no obligation,” Senator Bob Corker, Republican of Tennessee and chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, said in an interview. “It doesn’t require us to do anything. I think they may take a little time to assess whether pulling out makes sense now.”
Foreign policy experts say withdrawing from Paris would have far greater diplomatic consequences than President George W. Bush’s withdrawal from the world’s first global climate-change accord, the 1997 Kyoto Protocol.
“I think it would be a major mistake, even a historic mistake, to disavow the Paris deal,” said R. Nicholas Burns, a retired career diplomat and under secretary of state under Mr. Bush.
“In international politics, trust, reliability and keeping your commitments — that’s a big part of how other countries view our country,” Mr. Burns said. “I can’t think of an issue, except perhaps NATO, where if the U.S. simply walks away, it would have such a major negative impact on how we are seen.”
The Paris deal is more consequential than Kyoto. Unlike that pact, which required action only from developed economies, the Paris agreement includes commitments from every nation, rich and poor, to cut emissions, including China and India, the world’s largest and third-largest polluters. Also, the science of climate change has become far more certain and the impact more visible in the 20 years since Kyoto. Each of the last three years has surpassed the previous one as the hottest on record.
Some of the United States’ closest allies are urging the Trump administration not to pull out. In a letter to Mr. Trump after he won the election, Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany wrote, “Partnership with the United States is and will remain a keystone of German foreign policy, especially so that we can tackle the great challenges of our time.” They include, she wrote, “working to develop farsighted climate policy.”
As Mr. Trump and his advisers weigh their Paris options, one proposal is gaining traction, according to participants in the debate: Mr. Trump could declare that the Paris agreement is a treaty that requires ratification by the Senate. The pact was designed not to have the legal force of a treaty specifically so that it would not have to go before the United States Senate, which would have assuredly failed to ratify it.
“If there are camps forming in the White House, then let the people decide, the elected representatives,” Mr. Pyle said. “Let’s put the question to them.”
Proponents of that idea say it could shift some of the weight of the decision from Mr. Trump to Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, at least in the eyes of some foreign diplomats, and of the president’s daughter.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The Senate confirmed Rick Perry on Thursday as the head of the Energy Department, an agency he had once pledged as a presidential candidate to eliminate.
The vote was 62 to 37. Mr. Perry, a former Texas governor, will lead an agency that, despite its name, is largely focused on overseeing the nation’s vast arsenal of nuclear weapons, as well as a network of 17 national scientific laboratories.
In his confirmation hearing, Mr. Perry told senators that he regretted his call in the 2012 campaign to eliminate the agency. His inability to remember the name of the Energy Department in a 2011 debate, even as he called for getting rid of the agency, was widely seen as helping to sink his campaign.
People close to Mr. Perry said that at the time he had believed that the Energy Department was largely focused on developing and promoting the nation’s energy resources. At his January confirmation hearing, Mr. Perry told the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee that after “being briefed on so many of the vital functions of the Department of Energy,” he now supported its mission.
The agency does play some role in the nation’s energy policy: Its laboratories conduct research into energy technologies that could help fight climate change.
Mr. Perry, who has long called climate change a hoax and mocked the science of human-caused climate change, said he had also changed those views, telling senators: “I believe the climate is changing. I believe some of it is naturally occurring, but some of it is also caused by man-made activity.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Congressional Republicans, straining to defend the Trump administration amid investigations of Russian interference in the 2016 election, resisted growing calls on Thursday for a special prosecutor or select congressional committee to review the matter, even as Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused himself from any inquiry.
That decision followed a day in which Republicans mostly closed ranks around Mr. Sessions, a well-liked former Senate colleague, amid revelations that he spoke with the Russian ambassador last year, seemingly contradicting testimony from his confirmation hearing in January.
Initially, the fallout seemed to spawn fissures among Republicans: Several, including Senators Rob Portman of Ohio and Susan Collins of Maine, were quick to call for Mr. Sessions’s recusal, defying party leaders — including President Trump — who had said earlier on Thursday that they saw no reason for it.
But by day’s end, consensus appeared to have been restored: Mr. Sessions would step aside in any investigation. And that, Republicans suggested, would be enough, at least for now.
None joined the chorus of Democrats, led by Senator Chuck Schumer of New York and Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, demanding Mr. Sessions’s immediate resignation.
And it was not clear that the episode would alter the landscape of investigations on Capitol Hill.
“First and foremost, any talk of resignation is nonsense,” said Senator Charles E. Grassley, Republican of Iowa and chairman of the Judiciary Committee, before which Mr. Sessions testified.
He praised Mr. Sessions as “an honest and forthright public servant,” and thanked him for pledging to send a letter to the committee “to clear up any confusion regarding his testimony.”
Democrats were unmoved.
“They only do the right thing when they are caught doing the wrong thing,” Mr. Schumer said of the Trump administration.
For weeks, Republicans have held the line in defense of their president. Leaders have said that any investigation of ties between Mr. Trump’s team and Russian officials should be conducted through normal channels — placing one vocal Trump campaign supporter in charge of the primary Senate inquiry and, until this week, another at the head of any Justice Department review.
“My concern is,” Senator Orrin G. Hatch of Utah said, “why are our Democratic senators so doggone rude” to Mr. Sessions?
Speaker Paul D. Ryan said he saw no need for Mr. Sessions to recuse himself unless he was under investigation, accusing Democrats of “lighting their hair on fire” to keep connections between Mr. Trump and Russia in the news.
And so far, Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, has shown no signs of budging from his longstanding resistance to calls for a select committee. His office did not respond to questions about whether his position had changed.
The result, though, is that the controversy has focused attention once again on an investigation by the Senate Intelligence Committee, led by its Republican chairman, Senator Richard Burr of North Carolina, an often outspoken Trump supporter during the campaign.
In a statement on Thursday, Mr. Burr said he would trust Mr. Sessions to “make what he feels is the appropriate decision as to his involvement in any investigation into Russian active measures and the 2016 election.”
Even before Thursday, the Intelligence Committee inquiry had been viewed skeptically.
Last week, The Washington Post reported that Mr. Burr spoke with the White House about Russia-related news reports and engaged with news organizations to dispute reports that associates of Mr. Trump had consistent contact with Russian intelligence operatives during the campaign.
Senator Mark Warner of Virginia, the ranking Democrat on the committee, expressed “grave concerns” about Mr. Burr’s contact with the White House. But despite Democrats’ deep reservations about Mr. Burr’s capacity to carry out a comprehensive investigation, many party leaders still view the committee’s work as the best hope of holding Mr. Trump and his associates to account.
On Thursday, Mr. Schumer said that if the Justice Department would not appoint an independent special prosecutor, Congress should intervene by reviving an independent counsel law put into place after Watergate. He also asked the department’s inspector general to begin an immediate inquiry into Mr. Sessions “to discover if the investigation has already been compromised.”
Mr. Schumer sought to distinguish between Mr. Sessions’s meeting with the Russian ambassador, Sergey I. Kislyak, which he called appropriate, and the “very inappropriate” step of misleading Congress. (One Democrat, Senator Claire McCaskill of Missouri, invited criticism on Thursday for saying that she had never held a call or meeting with the Russian ambassador, despite previously describing two such conversations on Twitter. She blamed Twitter’s character limit for the confusion.)
At his confirmation hearing, Mr. Sessions said he “did not have communications with the Russians” during the presidential campaign. But the Justice Department now acknowledges that Mr. Sessions twice communicated with Mr. Kislyak last year: once after a speech at the Republican National Convention and once in his office.
The Democrats’ message on Thursday was echoed among even the most moderate corners of their caucus. Senator Joe Manchin III of West Virginia, the lone Democrat who voted to confirm Mr. Sessions, said that the attorney general should resign if he lied under oath.
In the House, Democrats on the Judiciary Committee demanded an immediate criminal investigation into Mr. Sessions in a letter to James B. Comey, the F.B.I. director, and Channing D. Phillips, the United States attorney for Washington.
Republicans did not join the effort, but several chided Mr. Sessions, particularly those hailing from moderate districts.
Representative Darrell Issa of California said the developments reinforced the need for “an independent review by a credible third party.”
Representative Mike Coffman of Colorado said Mr. Sessions had made a “grave omission” in not disclosing his meetings with the ambassador.
And Representative Brian Mast of Florida said Mr. Sessions should resign “if he cannot commit to ensuring this process is completed with transparency and integrity.”
Still, in both chambers, Republicans generally resisted impugning Mr. Sessions too forcefully. Senator James Lankford of Oklahoma lamented that “the implication is somehow he’s colluding behind the scenes.”
“We don’t have any facts,” he added.
On this point, some Democrats seem to agree, with more than a hint of frustration. Representative Adam B. Schiff of California, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, criticized the F.B.I. for withholding information from lawmakers related to its investigation into Russian interference.
“I would say at this point, we know less than a fraction of what the F.B.I. knows,” he said.
The committee’s Republican chairman, Representative Devin Nunes of California, raised a separate concern: rushing to conclusions about anyone who has contact with Russian diplomats.
“I’m sure some of you are in contact with the Russian Embassy, so be careful what you ask for here,” he told reporters. “Do you want us to conduct an investigation on you or other Americans because you were talking to the Russian Embassy?”



ARTICLE
In his address to Congress Tuesday evening, President Trump leaned on some of his standard crowd pleasers: immigration, jobs, terrorism.
But he also revived one of his more surprising proposals, first introduced on the campaign trail last year: “My administration wants to work with members of both parties to make child care accessible and affordable,” he said.
That rhetoric makes Mr. Trump sound more like Hillary Clinton than Ronald Reagan. And a potential debate over child-care policy could offer the rare opportunity for the president and Democrats to cooperate — or at least have a dialogue — over the coming year.
Mr. Trump is not the first Republican president to demonstrate an interest in child-care policy. During his 1968 campaign, Richard Nixon promised to expand access to government-funded day care. But three years later, influenced by the rise of the Christian right, Mr. Nixon vetoed the only universal child-care bill to pass Congress.
Although a few of today’s mainstream Republicans, like Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, have promoted child-care proposals, the official G.O.P. platform does not mention the issue. Conservatives tend to view government-funded child care as an expensive and unwanted intrusion into family life. The position of House Speaker Paul Ryan — whose support Mr. Trump would presumably need to enact a child-care plan — is a case in point. In his 2014 report on poverty, Mr. Ryan fretted over the results of research on Quebec’s public child-care program, which is known for its lax educational standards. Such subsidized care “encourages married women to enter the labor force,” the Ryan report said, leading to “a number of negative behavioral and health outcomes for the children.” (What Mr. Ryan didn’t mention: a competing body of research showing that high-quality day care helps children thrive academically.)
Arguments about the wisdom of working motherhood tend to ignore the fact that working motherhood is the norm. More than half of American mothers work in the year after giving birth, as do 64 percent of women with children under the age of 6, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Working parents require child care, and the typical American family spends 29 percent of its after-tax income on child-care costs, compared with 10 percent or less in many other Western democracies, where child care is provided for or heavily subsidized by the state. Average annual tuition at an American day care center is nearly $10,000, and as much as $30,000 for a high-quality program in cities like New York and Los Angeles.
The issue has been something of a political orphan in recent years. Feminist organizers have focused more on equal pay and paid parental leave, while education reformers have rarely emphasized the period between birth and pre-K enrollment — even though those years are crucial for cognitive development. President Barack Obama’s 2015 plan to increase existing child-care tax credits to a maximum of $3,000 a child from $1,050 went nowhere.
As a presidential candidate, Mrs. Clinton introduced an ambitious proposal to cap child-care costs at 10 percent of a family’s income. But during a campaign season dominated by scandal, Mrs. Clinton’s plan got little attention. Mr. Trump’s tentative forays into child-care policy and paid parental leave — another traditional Democratic issue that he mentioned Tuesday in his speech — have attracted more interest, in part because they are unexpected from a Republican standard-bearer.
In the past, both Mr. Trump and Vice President Mike Pence spoke critically about mothers who work outside the home. But the child-care cause is important to Mr. Trump’s older daughter, Ivanka. In recent weeks, Ms. Trump has met with business leaders and members of Congress to promote the child-care proposal her father first rolled out last September.
Under the plan, individuals earning up to $250,000 a year, and couples earning up to $500,000, would be able to deduct from their taxable income the average cost of child care in their states. The benefit would be modest; for example, a reduction of $840 in federal taxes for a family earning $70,000 a year and paying $7,000 for child care. The plan would offer low-income workers child-care rebates, paid once a year through the earned-income tax credit. The proposal also calls for dedicated savings accounts in which families could invest pretax income to cover child care and elder care costs, as well as incentives for employers to provide child care in the workplace.
Those without wages, like unemployed single parents seeking work or attending job training, would not benefit from the Trump subsidies and are underserved by existing programs. The Child Care and Development Block Grant was created in 1996 as part of welfare reform and was intended to help the poorest parents afford day care. Those benefits currently reach only one out of every 10 eligible children, according to the National Association for the Education of Young Children.
Despite its limited reach, the Trump plan is expensive. An analysis by the Tax Policy Center found it would cost $115 billion over 10 years, most likely making it a nonstarter for Republicans. The proposal also offers little to the working poor, a potential problem for Democratic champions of child care, like Nancy Pelosi and Bernie Sanders. The average annual benefit would be just $10 for families earning $10,000 to $30,000 a year, according to the Tax Policy Center.
It is difficult to square President Trump’s child-care plan with his other budget priorities. Carrie L. Lukas, managing director of the conservative Independent Women’s Forum, supports Mr. Trump’s efforts to help families with child-care costs. But “he also talked about the need for tax simplification,” she said, “which is inconsistent with using deductions” as a social policy strategy.
Still, Ms. Lukas is enthusiastic about some aspects of the Trump proposal, including the fact that married couples with one stay-at-home parent would be able to claim the same tax deduction as many dual-income couples whose children are enrolled in child care. That is an unusual element of the plan; after all, parents who care for their children at home do not incur costs for day care tuition or nanny salaries.
Traditionally, many European nations that enacted government-supported child care had the goal of encouraging maternal employment. More working women means more tax revenue, and better, more accessible child care helps convince parents that they can afford to have more children, who in turn will become future taxpayers supporting the welfare state.
That is not a conservative vision. “It shouldn’t be about pushing to get people into 9-to-5 jobs and kids into day care,” Ms. Lukas said. “That’s not an appropriate role for government. I’ve got five kids, and there are a lot of nonworking parents in my community. They are not only taking care of their own kids, but they are volunteering at school.”
Though she describes herself as a “a libertarian conservative type of person,” Ms. Lukas enrolled her own children in Germany’s government child-care system when the family was stationed in Berlin for her husband’s job. The day care centers “were very expensive for taxpayers,” she said, but she was impressed by the quality of the staff, whose training is subsidized by the German government. “It’s a very serous profession, a very respectable career to pursue,” Ms. Lukas said. “That’s not always the case in America.”
Indeed, the median salary of an American child care worker is about $20,000 a year, a problem the Trump plan does not address.
Elaine Maag, senior research associate at the Tax Policy Center, said the president’s proposal would not “increase the amount of child care available, nor will it increase the quality of care that low-income families will be able to access.” However, Ms. Maag said she was willing to give the president at least a little credit. “I would characterize the plan as identifying an important problem,” she said.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Ben Carson, an acclaimed neurosurgeon-turned-politician, can now add a new title to his résumé: secretary of housing and urban development.
The Senate voted 58-41 Thursday morning to confirm Mr. Carson after a rare show of bipartisanship. Unlike many other cabinet members chosen by President Trump, Mr. Carson, who has no experience running a large federal bureaucracy, did not face much pushback from Democrats during his confirmation process.
The Committee on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs unanimously voted his nomination out of committee in January, though several Democrats did question him about his belief that government assistance programs often lead to dependency. Mr. Carson will now head an agency with a $47 billion budget and a charge to assist millions of low-income renters, fight urban blight and help struggling homeowners stave off foreclosures.
Mr. Carson, whose mother at times received food stamps to provide for her family, grew up surrounded by some of the housing assistance programs he will now oversee. Yet, rather than embrace the programs that once sustained his family and the families around him, he has adopted standard Republican beliefs that too much government help — both in desegregating neighborhoods and in lifting people from poverty — can discourage people from working hard.
Mr. Carson was awarded a scholarship to Yale University, and at 33, he was named director of pediatric neurosurgery at Johns Hopkins Children’s Center. He later became an author and a philanthropist supporting scholarships for young, often impoverished students.
After his medical career, Mr. Carson turned to politics and competed with Mr. Trump for the Republican presidential nomination.
Mr. Carson’s views worry many of his critics, who believe the federal government should be doing more, not less, for the nation’s cities, where glittering downtowns and increasingly gentrified neighborhoods are often surrounded by areas of poverty and violence, with predominantly minorities.
It is unclear how much Mr. Carson will seek to change housing policy. During his confirmation hearing, he would not commit definitively to avoid directing tax dollars to Trump businesses.
He did agree to work with Senator Sherrod Brown of Ohio, the ranking Democrat on the Committee on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs, to construct a system to identify properties tied both to the Trump family and the Department of Housing and Urban Development. Mr. Carson also committed to telling senators about the department’s dealings with any businesses owned by Mr. Trump or his relatives.



ARTICLE
On his first day on the job, the new Interior Department secretary, Ryan Zinke, proved he knows how to make an entrance: arriving high in the saddle on Tonto, an Irish sport horse. Mounted police escorted him a few blocks through Washington.
Mr. Zinke, a fifth-generation Montanan who now oversees the country’s 500 million acres of public land, including 59 national parks, showed up to work to a grand reception.
Officers from various agencies under the Interior Department lined the steps to the administration building. A drummer from his home state’s Northern Cheyenne tribe performed. The department is the liaison with federally recognized American Indian and Alaska Native nations.
Mr. Zinke, 55, served nearly two dozen years with the Navy SEALs before entering politics in 2008 as a Republican. After two terms in the Montana legislature, he was elected in 2014 as the state’s at-large representative in the House, before his nomination to the cabinet by President Trump. He was confirmed on Wednesday by the Senate with a vote of 68-31.
His horseback journey on Thursday started around 9 a.m., when Mr. Zinke, wearing a cowboy hat and jeans, mounted Tonto, a bay roan. Tonto, a gelding, stands an inch more than 17 hands, or about 5-foot-9, and belongs to the United States Park police. He is kept in stables at the National Mall.
Mr. Zinke rode several blocks to the entrance of the Interior Department on C Street NW, dismounted and then introduced himself to the staff inside, a department spokeswoman said. The department has 70,000 employees at 2,400 locations.
“It was quite a neat reception,” said Greg Julian, a spokesman at the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement.



ARTICLE
NEWPORT NEWS, Va. — President Trump on Thursday used the country’s most advanced, 100,000-ton aircraft carrier as the action-movie-like backdrop for his push to rebuild America’s armed forces with a $54 billion increase in military spending.
Speaking in the hangar bay of the nuclear-powered Gerald R. Ford, which this year will become the nation’s largest and most powerful warship, Mr. Trump said the Navy — and other military services — must grow and modernize.
“We will make it easier for the Navy to plan for the future and thus to control costs and get the best deals for the taxpayer,” the president said. “The same boat for less money, the same ship for less money, the same airplanes for less money.”
Ever the showman, Mr. Trump arrived on the carrier in dramatic style, landing on the flight deck aboard his helicopter, Marine One. He emerged with a sharp salute and wearing his trademark red Make America Great Again baseball cap.
One deck below, watching on large screens, hundreds of sailors and others let up a huge cheer for the commander in chief.
After touring the ship, the president was lowered to the hangar bay on the massive elevator that carries fighter jets between the decks. To the sounds of Lee Greenwood’s “God Bless the U.S.A.,” Mr. Trump strode into the crowd — wearing a Gerald R. Ford baseball cap.
Mr. Trump marveled at the ship’s size, calling it “4.5 acres of combat power and sovereign U.S. territory, the likes of which there is nothing to compete.”
“It is a monument to American might that will provide the strength necessary to ensure peace,” he said.
The Ford is the first of a new, more technologically advanced class of aircraft carrier, and cost about $13 billion to build after cost overruns and years of delay. But Mr. Trump did not mention those challenges, saying instead that he supports expanding to a 12-carrier Navy, from the current 10.
He said ships like the Ford will allow him and future presidents to project American power in distant lands.
“Hopefully it’s power we don’t have to use. But if we do, they are in big, big trouble,” he said to cheers from the sailors.
Mr. Trump asserted, as he did during the presidential campaign, that the Navy is now the smallest it has been since World War I.
The Navy swelled from 245 ships in 1916 to a peak of over 6,000 during World War II, downsizing between conflicts and bulking up during the Korean and Vietnam Wars. From the 1970s, the Navy gradually began to shrink to a total battle force of 275 ships as of September 2016.
But that fleet includes 10 aircraft carriers, 22 cruisers, 63 destroyers, 11 amphibious assault ships and 68 submarines, 14 of which are armed with nuclear warheads. These are far more powerful than the fleets of World War II. So comparing the navies of the past and today is “like comparing the telegraph to the smartphone; they’re just not comparable,” Ray Mabus, the secretary of the Navy under President Barack Obama, said in 2012.
Lawmakers in both parties have already expressed deep skepticism about Mr. Trump’s military spending proposal, in part because of its potential to increase the nation’s deficit and in part because of the administration’s assertion that it would deeply slash nonmilitary spending to compensate.
But the president’s desire to expand the military was a core promise during his campaign for the White House.
American politicians often seek to associate themselves with the country’s enormous, gleaming war machines. Mitt Romney, the 2012 Republican presidential candidate, announced his choice of Speaker Paul D. Ryan as his running mate on the retired battleship Wisconsin.
But sometimes the moment goes awry. In 2003, President George W. Bush stood on the deck of the aircraft carrier Abraham Lincoln to declare that the military phase of the Iraq war was over. He spoke in front of a banner that proclaimed “Mission Accomplished.” The war continued for years.
Aides to Mr. Trump are hoping that the images of the president on the Ford are more positive.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Attorney General Jeff Sessions, facing a storm of criticism over newly disclosed contacts with the Russian ambassador to the United States, recused himself on Thursday from any investigation into charges that Russia meddled in the 2016 presidential election.
His announcement, delivered at a terse news conference, came after a day of rapid-fire developments in a murky affair that has shadowed President Trump, jeopardized his closest aides and intensified pressure for a full inquiry into Moscow’s attempts to influence the election as well as the policies of the new administration.
Many top Democrats demanded Mr. Sessions’s resignation, and a growing number of Republicans declared that he should not take part in any investigation into the case, given his own still largely unexplained role in it.
But Mr. Trump stoutly defended Mr. Sessions, one of his few early champions on Capitol Hill. “He could have stated his response more accurately, but it was clearly not intentional,” he said in a statement, which accused Democrats of engaging in “a total witch hunt.”
Mr. Sessions insisted there was nothing nefarious about his two meetings with the Russian ambassador, Sergey I. Kislyak, even though he did not disclose them to the Senate during his confirmation hearing and they occurred during the heat of the race between Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee, and Mr. Trump, whom Mr. Sessions was advising on national security.
In his account on Thursday of the more substantive meeting, which took place in his Senate office on Sept. 8, Mr. Sessions described Mr. Kislyak as one of a parade of envoys who seek out lawmakers like him to glean information about American policies and promote the agendas of their governments.
“Somehow, the subject of Ukraine came up,” Mr. Sessions said, recalling that the meeting grew testy after the ambassador defended Russia’s conduct toward its neighbor and heaped blame on everybody else. “I thought he was pretty much of an old-style, Soviet-type ambassador,” Mr. Sessions said, noting that he declined a lunch invitation from Mr. Kislyak.
Mr. Sessions’s decision to recuse himself was one of his first public acts as attorney general. He said he made the decision after consulting with Justice Department officials, and he denied misleading Senator Al Franken, Democrat of Minnesota, when he said in his confirmation hearing that he had not met with Russian officials about the Trump campaign.
“In retrospect,” Mr. Sessions told reporters, “I should have slowed down and said, ‘But I did meet one Russian official a couple of times, and that would be the ambassador.’ ”
The latest disclosures — and the Trump administration’s contradictory accounts of them — have deepened the questions about Russia’s role in the election and its aftermath. The affair has fueled calls for congressional and independent investigations, and toppled another close Trump aide, Michael T. Flynn, who resigned as national security adviser last month after admitting he had misled the administration over his contacts with Mr. Kislyak.
On Thursday, the White House confirmed that Mr. Flynn had his own previously undisclosed meeting with the ambassador in December to “establish a line of communication” between the incoming administration and the Russian government. Jared Kushner, Mr. Trump’s son-in-law and now a senior adviser, also participated in the meeting at Trump Tower.
The extent and frequency of the Flynn-Kislyak contacts remain unclear. But news of the meeting added to the emerging picture of how the relationship between Mr. Trump’s team and Moscow evolved to include some of Mr. Trump’s most trusted advisers.
Two other Trump campaign advisers also reportedly spoke with Mr. Kislyak last year at an event on the sidelines of the Republican National Convention.
Carter Page, a businessman and early Trump foreign policy adviser, told MSNBC on Thursday, “I’m not going to deny that I talked to him,” but said in an earlier statement that he would not comment about the event, which was off the record. Additionally, J. D. Gordon, a retired naval officer who advised Mr. Trump on national security, told USA Today that he had had an “informal conversation” with Mr. Kislyak, and played down its importance.
Mr. Sessions’s decision to recuse himself exposed a rift between the White House and the Justice Department, not only over whether he should do so — Mr. Trump said he did not think Mr. Sessions needed to — but over the president’s public statements. A Justice Department official confessed puzzlement about why the White House regularly asserted that no one from the Trump campaign had any contact with the Russian government.
With Mr. Sessions’s recusal, any Justice Department investigation would be overseen by the deputy attorney general. Dana J. Boente is currently serving in an acting capacity from his role as the chief federal prosecutor for the Eastern District of Virginia. A Senate hearing is scheduled for Tuesday for the nomination of Rod J. Rosenstein as deputy attorney general; he would oversee the issue if he is confirmed, and his hearing is now likely to be dominated by questions about the Russia issue.
It is not clear if the Justice Department is investigating Russian meddling in the 2016 election, although the F.B.I. is known to have examined possible contacts between Russia and Trump advisers. The House Intelligence Committee has also opened an inquiry into whether Russia tried to influence the election.
Mr. Trump said that he “wasn’t aware” that Mr. Sessions had spoken to the ambassador, but that he believed that the attorney general had testified truthfully during his confirmation hearing.
“I think he probably did,” Mr. Trump told reporters, while touring the Gerald R. Ford, the newest American aircraft carrier, in Newport News, Va. Asked whether Mr. Sessions should recuse himself from the investigations, the president said, “I don’t think so.”
Within Mr. Trump’s inner circle, Mr. Flynn appears to have been the primary interlocutor with the Russian envoy. The two were in contact during the campaign and the transition, Mr. Kislyak and current and former American officials have said. But Mr. Sessions served as the chairman of Mr. Trump’s national security committee — a post Democrats said would have made him a much sought-after figure for officials from many foreign countries.
There is nothing unusual about meetings between presidential campaigns and foreign diplomats. Mr. Kislyak was one of several envoys at the Republican National Convention, where his first meeting with Mr. Sessions, according to the attorney general, was a brief encounter after a panel organized by the Heritage Foundation. Ambassadors also attended the Democratic convention, though it was not clear whether Mr. Kislyak was among them.
“Active embassies here consider it as their assignment to stretch out feelers to presidential hopefuls,” said Peter Wittig, the German ambassador, who met most of the Republican candidates, though not Mr. Trump. “I don’t consider it as something unusual or problematic.”
The trouble in Mr. Sessions’s case is that his meeting came as the nation’s intelligence agencies were concluding that Russia had tried to destabilize the election and help Mr. Trump. Mr. Sessions’s initial lack of disclosure of the meetings with Mr. Kislyak fed suspicions that it was more than run-of-the-mill diplomacy.
The disclosure, first reported by The Washington Post, contradicted forceful and repeated denials from the White House that anyone from the Trump campaign had discussions with the Russians. “I have nothing to do with Russia,” Mr. Trump said at a news conference on Feb. 20. “To the best of my knowledge, no person that I deal with does.”
Asked at the news conference on Thursday whether he and the ambassador had discussed Mr. Trump or the election, Mr. Sessions said, “I don’t recall.” Ambassadors are “pretty gossipy,” he said, and “this was in campaign season, but I don’t recall any specific political discussions.”
Mr. Sessions noted that he was joined by two retired Army colonels on his staff, as well as perhaps a younger staff member. He said they opened with small talk about Mr. Sessions’s visit to Russia with a church group in 1991.
“He said he was not a believer himself, but he was glad to have church people come there,” Mr. Sessions recalled.
That meeting came during the waning months of the campaign. But the meeting two months later of Mr. Kushner, Mr. Flynn and Mr. Kislyak came at an arguably more crucial time, with Mr. Trump as the president-elect and the Obama White House preparing to impose sanctions on Russia and publicly make its case that Moscow had interfered with the election.
What is becoming clear is that the incoming Trump administration was simultaneously striking a conciliatory pose toward Moscow in a series of meetings and calls involving Mr. Kislyak.
“They generally discussed the relationship, and it made sense to establish a line of communication,” said Hope Hicks, a White House spokeswoman. “Jared has had meetings with many other foreign countries and representatives — as many as two dozen other foreign countries’ leaders and representatives.”
The Trump Tower meeting lasted 20 minutes, and Mr. Kushner has not met since with Mr. Kislyak, Ms. Hicks said.
At Mr. Sessions’s confirmation hearing, Mr. Franken asked him about a CNN report that after the election, intelligence briefers had told President Barack Obama and Mr. Trump that Russian operatives claimed to have compromising information about Mr. Trump.
Mr. Franken also noted that the report indicated that surrogates for Mr. Trump and intermediaries for the Russian government continued to exchange information during the campaign. He asked Mr. Sessions what he would do if that report proved true.
Mr. Sessions replied that he was “not aware of any of those activities.” He added, “I have been called a surrogate at a time or two in that campaign, and I didn’t have — did not have communications with the Russians, and I’m unable to comment on it.”
On Thursday, Mr. Sessions said he did not view Mr. Kislyak’s visit as tied to his campaign role, but he acknowledged, “I can’t speak for what the Russian ambassador may have had in his mind.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump’s address to Congress on Tuesday night buoyed House Republican leaders who were hopeful that his leadership would unite fractious lawmakers around a plan to replace the Affordable Care Act. But fundamental disagreements still divide Republicans on one of the central promises of their 2016 campaigns: repealing the health law.
While Mr. Trump appeared to back a health plan being drawn up by Republican leaders, it became clear Wednesday that lawmakers were continuing to argue over its details. Republican senators emerged from a closed-door meeting on health care tight-lipped.
Some have balked at a proposal to require workers to pay taxes on particularly generous employer-provided health benefits. Some are worried about the future of Medicaid.
But the central dividing line appears to be over how the federal government would help people purchase health insurance.
House Republican leaders would offer to help people buy insurance on the free market with a tax credit that, for some low-income households, could exceed the amount they owe in federal income taxes.
Some of the most conservative Republicans say the tax credit should not be more than the amount of taxes consumers owe. If the government makes payments to people with little or no tax liability, they say, that would amount to a new entitlement program, replacing one kind of government largess from President Barack Obama with another from Mr. Trump.
“Coming in as a Republican president with a new federal entitlement program?” asked Representative Dave Brat, a conservative Republican from Virginia. “That’s your first big move? You would have politicians bidding up the cost, adding to the financial problems of other entitlement programs like Medicare and Social Security.”
After the president’s speech, aides to the House speaker, Paul D. Ryan, crowed that they had the full backing of Mr. Trump for their health care plan.
But Mr. Trump was decidedly vague. He backed tax credits to buy insurance, but he did not clearly resolve the disagreement between Mr. Ryan and the most conservative Republicans.
“We should help Americans purchase their own coverage through the use of tax credits and expanded health savings accounts,” Mr. Trump told a joint session of Congress.
The details of the tax credit could make a substantial difference to consumers. If a family is eligible for a $3,000 tax credit to buy insurance and owes $1,000 in federal income taxes, should it get only $1,000? Or should it get the full $3,000?
Most tax breaks reduce the amount owed to the government. A refundable tax credit can also result in payments from the government: If the credit exceeds a person’s tax liability, the government pays him or her the excess.
“I think refundable tax credits are just another word for subsidies,” said Senator Rand Paul, Republican of Kentucky.
Defenders of refundable tax credits say they are needed to make insurance affordable to people who pay little or no taxes.
“Otherwise, they’re useless,” said Representative Chris Collins of New York, one of Mr. Trump’s top supporters in Congress. “What good’s a tax credit for folks who don’t pay taxes?”
In fact, for those who cannot pitch in much of their own income, even a refundable tax credit is not likely to be enough to pay for a health insurance policy, Democrats say. That is one reason the Republican alternative is not likely to cover as many people as the Affordable Care Act.
At the meeting on Wednesday, several Republican senators expressed concern that the tax credit proposed by House leaders would be available even to people with high incomes who did not need federal assistance.
Earlier, Representative Kevin Brady, Republican of Texas and head of the Ways and Means Committee, said the credit would be a way to provide more equity in the tax code by creating a tax break for people who buy insurance on their own, similar to the break already available to people who get insurance through the workplace.
He predicted that Republicans would overcome their divisions.
“Rather than using his speech to divide Republicans,” Mr. Brady said, “it’s really an opportunity for us to sit down and work through what remaining differences there are, and I’m confident we can.”
Mr. Brady and another architect of the House plan, Representative Greg Walden of Oregon, the chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, huddled with Republican senators on Wednesday. But lawmakers left the meeting with many unanswered questions and were not ready to endorse the House plan.
The fractures among Republicans have been on display in the past few days. On Monday night, three senators — Mr. Paul, Mike Lee of Utah and Ted Cruz of Texas — posted on Twitter in support of what they called #FullRepeal.
“If we fail to honor our commitment to repeal Obamacare, I believe the consequences would be, quite rightly, catastrophic,” Mr. Cruz said on Wednesday.
The leaders of two groups of House conservatives, the Republican Study Committee and the House Freedom Caucus, also came out against a draft of the health care legislation that became public during last week’s congressional recess. The groups have more than enough members to thwart House leaders’ plan if they are determined to do so.
Senator James Lankford, Republican of Oklahoma, likened the leadership’s tax-credit proposal to the earned-income tax credit, which supplements the wages of low-income workers. There has been “a tremendous amount of improper payments” in that program, he said.
Other Republican skeptics include Senators Thom Tillis of North Carolina and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina. “There are other ways you can address that segment of the population,” Mr. Tillis said of the working poor with little or no income tax liability.
Some Republicans are also concerned about the possibility of requiring workers to pay taxes on the value of employer-sponsored coverage exceeding certain thresholds. Employers and labor unions strenuously oppose such a move, which would affect people in the most expensive health plans and is similar in purpose to a provision of the existing law. Both measures are designed to curb overuse of health care and to help pay for the broader measures.
“I don’t think it’d go over very good in the Senate,” Senator Charles E. Grassley, Republican of Iowa, said last week.
Then there is the issue of Medicaid. Lawmakers from states that expanded Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act face pressure back home — in some cases, from Republican governors — to oppose sharp cuts to the generous federal funding that those states are receiving.
Senator Lisa Murkowski, Republican of Alaska, which has expanded eligibility for Medicaid under the health care law, said she wanted to be sure that her state could retain the expansion if its legislature wanted to do so.
“Alaska should have that option,” she said.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump spent his first weeks in office vowing to crack down on illegal immigration with deportations and other get-tough proposals. But when he went before Congress on Tuesday to lay out his agenda, he offered a far broader plan that echoes an approach long favored by mainstream Republicans for reshaping the nation’s immigration laws.
Mr. Trump’s call for a “merit-based” immigration system — one that puts a priority on skills and employability over family ties — revived a central element of the broad immigration compromise sought in 2007 by President George W. Bush, which paired stricter border enforcement with an eventual grant of legal status for many of the estimated 11 million immigrants illegally living in the United States. In a conversation with television news anchors at the White House on Tuesday, Mr. Trump said  he would be open to such a deal, although he did not mention that in his speech to Congress.
Mr. Trump’s remarks in the speech focused instead on the merit-based system. “It’s a basic principle that those seeking to enter a country ought to be able to support themselves financially, yet in America, we do not enforce this rule, straining the very public resources that our poorest citizens rely upon,” Mr. Trump said. “Switching away from this current system of lower-skilled immigration, and instead adopting a merit-based system, we will have so many more benefits.”
But such a system is viewed with skepticism by some Republicans who fear it would harm the economy by shutting out less-educated immigrants who fill vital jobs, such as farm and kitchen workers.
“It sounds great just to bring the total brainiac, most skilled people here, but when you look at the economy, it’s not that simple — you need the brainiacs, but you need the low-skilled people as well,” said Tamar Jacoby, the president of ImmigrationWorks USA, who advises Republicans on immigration issues.
Democrats and those on the left have an even more sinister view of the idea, arguing that Mr. Trump’s emphasis on choosing the most skilled immigrants is a backdoor way to re-engineer American laws to filter out certain ethnicities and nationalities.
A vast majority of immigrants admitted to the United States are granted entry based on their family ties. Less than one-fifth are admitted through job-based preferences, and a similarly small number come in through refugee or asylum programs.
United States citizens may sponsor immediate family members — spouses, minor children and parents — for visas that are not subject to any caps. Their siblings and adult children get preferences under a program that provides a limited number of visas each year to citizens’ relatives. Legal permanent residents, those who have green cards, can also apply for visas for their spouses and children.
In 2014, of more than one million legal permanent residents admitted, 64 percent were either immediate relatives of American citizens or had been sponsored by family members. Fifteen percent received an employment-based preference and 13 percent came with refugee or asylum status, according to data compiled by the Migration Policy Institute, an independent research organization. An additional 5 percent were admitted through the State Department’s diversity lottery, a program that awards permanent residency to people from countries with low rates of immigration to the United States.
Mr. Trump did not say how the government would carry out the changes he envisions. But he cited Canada’s merit-based system, in which immigrants are awarded points according to their educational and employment background, language proficiency and financial means, among other considerations. The highest scorers get priority for admission.
A points system was a feature of the 2007 immigration proposal that died in the Senate. Under that measure, employment attributes like education and skills would have accounted for more points than family relationships. Immigrants with family members living legally in the United States, either as citizens or permanent residents, would have seen their visa preferences ended or strictly limited. But employment-based visas would have increased substantially.
In that measure, temporary workers would have been barred from bringing family members to the United States unless they accepted a shorter-term visa and could show they would not become primarily dependent on government benefits. Mr. Trump’s mention in his speech of financial self-sufficiency for immigrants seemed to suggest he would favor such a standard.
Mr. Trump argued that the current immigration system is “straining the very public resources that our poorest citizens rely upon,” and made the case that one based on merit would provide an economic boost to American workers.
“It will save countless dollars, raise workers’ wages and help struggling families, including immigrant families, enter the middle class,” the president said. “And they will do it quickly, and they will be very, very happy, indeed.”
Mr. Trump’s assertion is based on the view that because the current system allows people to immigrate to the United States without regard for their employability or skill level, it creates an oversupply of low-skilled workers, who in turn drive down job opportunities and wages for Americans with a high school diploma or less.
Critics of the merit-based system say the reality is not so simple.
The number of family-based immigrants who enter the United States each year is a tiny fraction of the total work force, and there is no guarantee that reducing the number of those immigrants or substituting people with better education and skills would increase either wages or employment opportunity.
“There’s certainly a rationale for increasing the number of people who get permanent residency who employers want to hire for both lower-skilled jobs and higher-skilled jobs, but there’s no reason that can’t be accomplished without still allowing people to bring family members in,” said Stuart Anderson, the executive director of the National Foundation for American Policy, a nonpartisan policy research organization, and a former senior immigration official under Mr. Bush.
“This is more of a political rationalization for just cutting out family categories, rather than some belief that if we got more highly skilled people, it would genuinely help the economy,” Mr. Anderson said.



ARTICLE
President Trump, returning to a promise that won him cheers on the campaign trail, signaled in his first address to Congress on Tuesday that he will move aggressively to allow more public school students to use tax money to pay for tuition at public charter schools, private schools and even religious schools.
At rallies last year across the country, Mr. Trump said over and over again that he would use the nation’s schools to fix what he described as failing inner cities and a virtual education crisis that most hurts black and Hispanic children. In North Carolina, he called school choice “the great civil rights issue of our time.” In Florida, he declared that “every disadvantaged child in this country” should have access to school choice.
And, at a Washington gathering of conservatives, he said that under his administration, “money will follow the student to the public, private or religious school that is best for them and their family.” In his speech on Tuesday, Mr. Trump reiterated those pledges, and in doing so backed his controversial education secretary, Betsy DeVos, who has built her career on promoting voucher programs.
“I am calling upon members of both parties to pass an education bill that funds school choice for disadvantaged youth, including millions of African-American and Latino children,” Mr. Trump said during the joint session of Congress, to applause from many Republican lawmakers. “These families should be free to choose the public, private, charter, magnet, religious or home school that is right for them.”
In a statement, Ms. DeVos praised the president and said he “delivered on his promise to support school choice and offer students access to quality options.”
A Department of Education official said on Wednesday afternoon that Mr. Trump and Ms. DeVos were considering a number of ways to create a federal school choice program that would offer tax credit scholarships. That would allow individuals and corporations to make tax deductible donations to nonprofit networks of private schools, which then provide tuition scholarships to students. The administration is also considering allowing schools to directly access Title I funds from the Education Department that are used to help support low income students.
On the campaign trail, Mr. Trump introduced an ambitious $20 billion school voucher plan that would have allowed students to move federal education dollars to the public or private school of their choice. But the idea, seen by some as radical and expensive, has scant congressional support.
Meanwhile, even some supporters of school choice programs remain skeptical of increased federal involvement, which could come with regulations on which students are accepted by private schools, and how students are assessed academically.
Greg Forster, a fellow at EdChoice, a research and advocacy organization that promotes school choice options, said that while he welcomes more support for the idea of school choice, he wants the issue to remain a state responsibility. “We have achieved a lot of victories at the state level by building bridges,” Mr. Forster said. Having Mr. Trump as an advocate “is a bigger problem for the school choice movement than it is a blessing, in my book,” he said.
He added that there is “no need for a federal push for school choice” because the options are increasingly gaining ground, leading to 61 private school choice programs in 30 states and the District of Columbia.
Robin Lake, director of the University of Washington’s Center on Reinventing Public Education, said opinions like Mr. Forster’s show that a federal choice program will be a tough sell to Congress. “Even the Republicans are in disagreement about a lot of the details about how the program would work,” Ms. Lake said.
The choice movement has ranged from the narrow embrace of public charter schools to an approach favored by conservatives that would take tax money and increasingly make it available to religious institutions. Some see allowing religious schools to use public funds as an unconstitutional support of religion by the government. Yet advocates and opponents of such programs say religious schools — including many Catholic schools serving low-income students — have for years been included in the voucher programs.
More than a decade ago, the United States Supreme Court ruled that the Constitution could not prohibit the use of public vouchers to pay for religious schools in Cleveland. However, in 2015, Colorado’s highest court struck down a voucher program that allowed parents in a conservative suburban school district to use taxpayer dollars to send their children to private schools. The Colorado court ruled that “a school district may not aid religious schools.”
Critics fear that school choice programs can lead to increased segregation. They say black, Latino and white students in urban areas often end up in schools that are more racially homogeneous than their neighborhood schools. Moreover, choice programs could bypass rural school districts where private schools are not an option, and where online schooling has often been shown not to improve education.
Lily Eskelsen García, president of the National Education Association, said she worried that a federal program would fund private schools and religious schools that may not adhere to the same civil rights laws as public schools. She said such a program would be “essentially supporting a religious doctrine.”
“They can discriminate based on religion, or disability or language needs,” Ms. García said of private and religious schools. “That is the exact antithesis of a public school.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — He joked with ABC’s George Stephanopoulos after filleting him in public, brought up a recent “60 Minutes” episode with CBS’s Scott Pelley and shook hands with Jake Tapper of CNN, the cable network that the commander in chief loves to hate.
All presidents lunch with major news anchors. But this week’s White House gathering was different. The president kept his guests 30 minutes beyond the allotted hour, was gracious and spoke so much that he left his peekytoe crab salad untouched — a recognition, those close to him say, that he must sell himself to the Washington news media because he believes the people who work for him cannot.
Mr. Trump, after all, had conceded only the day before on national television that “in terms of messaging, I would give myself a C or a C-plus.” In the same interview, on “Fox & Friends,” the president described his press secretary, Sean Spicer, as “a fine human being.” The language struck close Trump associates as a dismissive turn from a man who relishes hyperbole.
Christopher Ruddy, the chief executive of Newsmax Media and a longtime friend of Mr. Trump who visited him in the Oval Office on Wednesday, said that the president was experiencing “a lot of angst” about his negative coverage. But Mr. Trump, he said, was feeling energized after his speech to Congress on Tuesday. “He said to me, ‘People tell me that it was the best speech I ever gave,’” Mr. Ruddy said. “He seemed really pleased.”
A master media manipulator and storyteller, Mr. Trump went without a traditional press secretary during the presidential campaign, preferring to field queries on his own. Now he is increasingly taking command of his administration’s message making, and privately expressing frustration with a White House press office under siege amid leaks and infighting.
John Catsimatidis, the Manhattan businessman and a Trump friend of three decades, said he would counsel Mr. Trump to give better directions to the press office. He should “sit down with them and tell them, ‘You have to explain things to people in a way where it’s completely understandable to everybody.’”
Mr. Catsimatidis, who praised Mr. Trump’s delivery in his Tuesday speech to Congress, said the president remained his own best messenger. “Everybody hates his tweets, but at least people know what he’s really thinking,” Mr. Catsimatidis said.
That view is shared by a cadre of Trump allies and advisers, who watched him engage repeatedly with reporters throughout the campaign and found the coverage of their boss to be the better for it. For the first few weeks of his new administration, Mr. Trump was mostly cloistered in the West Wing, away from journalists, save for the occasional phone interview.
The president reached his limit as a media shut-in after a particularly tough week of headlines last month, when he decided he wanted to fight back himself, despite the objections of some advisers, at a hastily arranged news conference. The result was a 77-minute Trump tour de force that — while filled with presidential grievances and meandering complaints about media coverage — was at least viewed as a cathartic exercise for a frustrated commander in chief.
The news conference was, in many ways, a natural outgrowth of Mr. Trump’s adjustment to the sprawling bureaucracy of the White House after decades of overseeing a close-knit business. Mr. Trump, who speaks to hundreds of people but trusts very few of them, is surrounded by a group of staff members who are still new to him.
Of those he knows well, Kellyanne Conway, the White House counselor and a frequent on-air face of the administration, came under fire after she described a terrorist “massacre” that never took place. She has often described Mr. Trump as his own best spokesman.
In the meantime a distrustful atmosphere pervades the White House press office, which is a mixture of Trump loyalists and Republican National Committee alumni divided by a “line in the sand,” as one former campaign adviser put it.
To be sure, anyone serving as press secretary for Mr. Trump has a thankless task, and Mr. Spicer’s turn at the controls of the Trump train has been bumpy enough to deter several Republican strategists from seeking a job in the White House.
Mr. Trump hired Mr. Spicer at the urging of his chief of staff, Reince Priebus, despite his own lingering questions about the strategist’s loyalty, according to four former campaign officials, who asked for anonymity to speak candidly about private discussions with Mr. Trump.
The president offers Mr. Spicer frequent critiques of his performance in the briefing room, and while the press secretary has improved in the president’s estimation, Mr. Trump was displeased by a series of recent unforced errors.
Mr. Spicer has become convinced that he is facing leaks from his own staff. In a highly unusual move, described by two people with direct knowledge of the situation, Mr. Spicer, in the middle of the week before Mr. Trump’s speech, summoned his aides to a conference room and demanded that they turn over personal and work smartphones, an attempt to smoke out leaks.
Mr. Trump was unaware of — and, according to two senior administration officials, displeased by — Mr. Spicer’s leak hunt. Mr. Spicer’s move was itself leaked to Politico.
Asked on “Fox & Friends” about the incident, Mr. Trump drew some distance between himself and his press secretary. “I would have done it differently,” Mr. Trump told the Fox anchors Steve Doocy and Brian Kilmeade. “I would have handled it differently than Sean.” He added, “But Sean handles it his way and I’m O.K. with it.”
The press office has also become distracted by small grievances, with some staff members displaying Mr. Trump’s signature bravado in the service of settling smaller scores.
Mr. Spicer’s long-running feud with a Politico reporter, Alex Isenstadt, which predates the campaign, led to a planted item in The Washington Examiner, a conservative-leaning publication, asserting that Mr. Isenstadt, who helped break the phone hunt story, had laughed about the death of a United States soldier while speaking to Mr. Spicer. Politico officials strenuously denied the claim, and said Mr. Isenstadt was scoffing at Mr. Spicer’s behavior during a contentious exchange, during which the press secretary leveled several threats.
The press secretary has some high-profile defenders. Corey Lewandowski, Mr. Trump’s former campaign manager who remains close to the administration, said in an interview that Mr. Spicer was “a consummate professional who understands the media.”
“He is continuing to represent the president in a way that is authentic and direct to the American people,” Mr. Lewandowski said.
Over the last few days, Mr. Trump has appeared to acknowledge that he needs to work at getting better press. At the lunch with the network anchors, Mr. Trump again used a low grade to describe the White House messaging. But this time, according to two people present, he added, “That’s on me.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — In the Obama administration’s last days, some White House officials scrambled to spread information about Russian efforts to undermine the presidential election — and about possible contacts between associates of President-elect Donald J. Trump and Russians — across the government. Former American officials say they had two aims: to ensure that such meddling isn’t duplicated in future American or European elections, and to leave a clear trail of intelligence for government investigators.
American allies, including the British and the Dutch, had provided information describing meetings in European cities between Russian officials — and others close to Russia’s president, Vladimir V. Putin — and associates of President-elect Trump, according to three former American officials who requested anonymity in discussing classified intelligence.
Separately, American intelligence agencies had intercepted communications of Russian officials, some of them within the Kremlin, discussing contacts with Trump associates.
The disclosures about the contacts came as new questions were raised about Attorney General Jeff Sessions’s ties to the Russians. According to a former senior American official, he met with the Russian ambassador, Sergey I. Kislyak, twice in the past year. The details of the meetings were not clear, but the contact appeared to contradict testimony Mr. Sessions provided Congress during his confirmation hearing in January when he said he “did not have communications with the Russians.”
Mr. Sessions said in a statement late Wednesday that he “never met with any Russian officials to discuss issues of the campaign.”
“I have no idea what this allegation is about,” he said. “It is false.”
Mr. Trump has denied that his campaign had any contact with Russian officials, and at one point he openly suggested that American spy agencies had cooked up intelligence suggesting that the Russian government had tried to meddle in the presidential election. Mr. Trump has accused the Obama administration of hyping the Russia story line as a way to discredit his new administration.
At the Obama White House, Mr. Trump’s statements stoked fears among some that intelligence could be covered up or destroyed — or its sources exposed — once power changed hands. What followed was a push to preserve the intelligence that underscored the deep anxiety with which the White House and American intelligence agencies had come to view the threat from Moscow.
It also reflected the suspicion among many in the Obama White House that the Trump campaign might have colluded with Russia on election email hacks — a suspicion that American officials say has not been confirmed. Former senior Obama administration officials said that none of the efforts were directed by Mr. Obama.
Sean Spicer, the Trump White House spokesman, said, “The only new piece of information that has come to light is that political appointees in the Obama administration have sought to create a false narrative to make an excuse for their own defeat in the election.” He added, “There continues to be no there, there.”
As Inauguration Day approached, Obama White House officials grew convinced that the intelligence was damning and that they needed to ensure that as many people as possible inside government could see it, even if people without security clearances could not. Some officials began asking specific questions at intelligence briefings, knowing the answers would be archived and could be easily unearthed by investigators — including the Senate Intelligence Committee, which in early January announced an inquiry into Russian efforts to influence the election.
At intelligence agencies, there was a push to process as much raw intelligence as possible into analyses, and to keep the reports at a relatively low classification level to ensure as wide a readership as possible across the government — and, in some cases, among European allies. This allowed the upload of as much intelligence as possible to Intellipedia, a secret wiki used by American analysts to share information.
There was also an effort to pass reports and other sensitive materials to Congress. In one instance, the State Department sent a cache of documents marked “secret” to Senator Benjamin Cardin of Maryland days before the Jan. 20 inauguration. The documents, detailing Russian efforts to intervene in elections worldwide, were sent in response to a request from Mr. Cardin, the top Democrat on the Foreign Relations Committee, and were shared with Republicans on the panel.
“This situation was serious, as is evident by President Obama’s call for a review — and as is evident by the United States response,” said Eric Schultz, a spokesman for Mr. Obama. “When the intelligence community does that type of comprehensive review, it is standard practice that a significant amount of information would be compiled and documented.”
The opposite happened with the most sensitive intelligence, including the names of sources and the identities of foreigners who were regularly monitored. Officials tightened the already small number of people who could access that information. They knew the information could not be kept from the new president or his top advisers, but wanted to narrow the number of people who might see the information, officials said.
More than a half-dozen current and former officials described various aspects of the effort to preserve and distribute the intelligence, and some said they were speaking to draw attention to the material and ensure proper investigation by Congress. All spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were discussing classified information, nearly all of which remains secret, making an independent public assessment of the competing Obama and Trump administration claims impossible.
The F.B.I. is conducting a wide-ranging counterintelligence investigation into Russia’s meddling in the election, and is examining alleged links between Mr. Trump’s associates and the Russian government. Separately, the House and Senate intelligence committees are conducting their own investigations, though they must rely on information collected by the F.B.I. and intelligence agencies.
On Wednesday, a Justice Department official confirmed that Mr. Sessions had two conversations with Ambassador Kislyak last year, when he was still a senator, despite testifying at his Jan. 10 confirmation hearing that he had no contact with the Russians. At that hearing, Mr. Sessions was asked what he would do if it turned out to be true that anyone affiliated with the Trump team had communicated with the Russian government in the course of the campaign. He said he was “not aware of any of those activities.”
“I have been called a surrogate at a time or two in that campaign and I didn’t have — did not have communications with the Russians, and I’m unable to comment on it,” Mr. Sessions said at the time.
However, Justice officials acknowledged that Mr. Sessions had spoken with Mr. Kislyak twice: once, among a group of ambassadors who approached him at a Heritage Foundation event during the Republican National Convention in Cleveland in July and, separately, in an office meeting on Sept. 8. The contacts were first reported by The Washington Post.
Sarah Isgur Flores, Mr. Sessions’s spokeswoman, said “there was absolutely nothing misleading about his answer” because he did not communicate with the ambassador in his capacity as a Trump campaign surrogate. She said Mr. Sessions had at least 25 conversations in 2016 with ambassadors from a range of nations — including Britain, Japan, China, Germany and Russia — while on the Senate Armed Services Committee.
The revelation prompted congressional Democrats to issue a torrent of statements reiterating their demands that Mr. Sessions recuse himself from overseeing any investigation into Russia’s contacts with the Trump campaign. So far, Mr. Sessions has demurred.
Representative Adam B. Schiff, the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said in a statement on Wednesday that if the reports about Mr. Sessions were accurate, “it is essential that he recuse himself from any role in the investigation of Trump campaign ties to the Russians.” Mr. Schiff added, “This is not even a close call; it is a must.”
Representative Nancy Pelosi, the Democratic leader of the House, called on Mr. Sessions to resign, saying on Twitter that “he is not fit to serve as the top law enforcement officer of our country.”
A White House official, speaking on the condition of anonymity, backed up Mr. Sessions late Wednesday, calling the accusations “the latest attack against the Trump administration by partisan Democrats.”
At a CNN town hall on Wednesday, Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, said he did not know if there was anything between the Trump campaign and the Russians. But he added that if there was, “it is clear to me that Jeff Sessions, who is my dear friend, cannot make this decision about Trump.”
At his confirmation hearing on Wednesday, former Senator Dan Coats, Mr. Trump’s nominee for director of national intelligence, told the Senate Intelligence Committee that “I think it’s our responsibility to provide you access to all that you need.”
Some Obama White House officials had little faith that a Trump administration would make good on such pledges, and the efforts to preserve the intelligence continued until the administration’s final hours. This was partly because intelligence was still being collected and analyzed, but it also reflected the sentiment among many administration officials that they had not recognized the scale of the Russian campaign until it was too late.
The warning signs had been building throughout the summer, but were far from clear. As WikiLeaks was pushing out emails stolen from the Democratic National Committee through online publication, American intelligence began picking up conversations in which Russian officials were discussing contacts with Trump associates, and European allies were starting to pass along information about people close to Mr. Trump meeting with Russians in the Netherlands, Britain and other countries.
But what was going on in the meetings was unclear to the officials, and the intercepted communications did little to clarify matters — the Russians, it appeared, were arguing about how far to go in interfering in the presidential election. What intensified the alarm at the Obama White House was a campaign of cyberattacks on state electoral systems in September, which led the administration to deliver a public accusation against the Russians in October.
But it wasn’t until after the election, and after more intelligence had come in, that the administration began to grasp the scope of the suspected tampering and concluded that one goal of the campaign was to help tip the election in Mr. Trump’s favor. In early December, Mr. Obama ordered the intelligence community to conduct a full assessment of the Russian campaign.
In the weeks before the assessment was released in January, the intelligence community combed through databases for an array of communications and other information — some of which was months old by then — and began producing reports that showed there were contacts during the campaign between Trump associates and Russian officials.
The nature of the contacts remains unknown. Several of Mr. Trump’s associates have done business in Russia, and it is unclear if any of the contacts were related to business dealings.
The New York Times, citing four current and former officials, reported last month that the American authorities had obtained information of repeated contacts between Mr. Trump’s associates and senior Russian intelligence officials. The White House has dismissed the story as false.
Since the Feb. 14 article  appeared, more than a half-dozen officials have confirmed contacts of various kinds between Russians and Trump associates. The label “intelligence official” is not always cleanly applied in Russia, where ex-spies, oligarchs and government officials often report back to the intelligence services and elsewhere in the Kremlin.
Steven L. Hall, the former head of Russia operations at the C.I.A., said that Mr. Putin was surrounded by a cast of characters, and that it was “fair to say that a good number of them come from an intelligence or security background. Once an intel guy, always an intel guy in Russia.”
The concerns about the contacts were cemented by a series of phone calls between Mr.  Kislyak and Michael T. Flynn, who had been poised to become Mr. Trump’s national security adviser. The calls began on Dec. 29, shortly after Mr. Kislyak was summoned to the State Department and informed that, in retaliation for Russian election meddling, the United States was expelling 35 suspected Russian intelligence operatives and imposing other sanctions. Mr. Kislyak was irate and threatened a forceful Russia response, according to people familiar with the exchange.
But a day later, Mr. Putin said his government would not retaliate, prompting a Twitter post from Mr. Trump praising the Russian president — and puzzling Obama White House officials.
On Jan. 2, administration officials learned that Mr. Kislyak — after leaving the State Department meeting — called Mr. Flynn, and that the two talked multiple times in the 36 hours that followed. American intelligence agencies routinely wiretap the phones of Russian diplomats, and transcripts of the calls showed that Mr. Flynn urged the Russians not to respond, saying relations would improve once Mr. Trump was in office, according to multiple current and former officials.
Beyond leaving a trail for investigators, the Obama administration also wanted to help European allies combat a threat that had caught the United States off guard. American intelligence agencies made it clear in the declassified version of the intelligence assessment released in January that they believed Russia intended to use its attacks on the United States as a template for more meddling. “We assess Moscow will apply lessons learned,” the report said, “to future influence efforts worldwide, including against U.S. allies.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The Senate does not usually get a chance to vote on who serves as the president’s national security adviser, but it will have a rare opportunity to weigh in next week when it considers the appointment of Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster.
Because General McMaster is still on active duty, and the Senate votes on any major change in assignment for general officers, it will take up the matter on Tuesday. The Senate Armed Services Committee will hold a closed-door executive session, at which General McMaster will appear, before the panel votes on his appointment and sends it to the Senate floor.
Such a procedure was not necessary for former officers who have served as national security advisers, including Michael T. Flynn, a retired three-star general who held the job for 24 days before President Trump forced his resignation over a call with Russia’s ambassador. The last time an active-duty officer served as national security adviser was during Ronald Reagan’s second term, when Colin L. Powell, then a three-star general, ran the National Security Council.
Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona and chairman of the Armed Services Committee, crafted the process for General McMaster to mirror how the Senate handled Mr. Powell’s appointment, and negotiated it with the committee’s Democrats. General McMaster has earned bipartisan praise. But by holding the hearing behind closed doors, the committee may head off a public grilling about Mr. Trump’s foreign policy choices.



ARTICLE
President Trump’s address to Congress on Tuesday was more tempered in tone and less laden with inaccuracies than many of his previous remarks. Until he went off script.
Unlike his freewheeling news conferences and rallies, Mr. Trump’s prepared text contained few outright falsehoods. But when he talked up his own achievements in NATO negotiations and military spending, his claims were at times exaggerated and misleading.
Here’s an assessment of some of them.
This is exaggerated. Mr. Trump’s proposal to add $54 billion to the Pentagon’s budget amounts to a 10 percent increase, a significant but not historic rise.
Todd Harrison, the director for defense budget analysis at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, posted this chart on Twitter, showing at least 10 higher increases since the 1977 fiscal year and four since 2002.
And this calculus does not take into account Overseas Contingency Operations, a separate bucket of money used to fund wars. Factoring in war spending, Mr. Trump’s claim is even less credible.
Richard Kogan, a federal budget expert at the left-leaning Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, calculated 27 years since 1940 in which total military spending was as high or higher than Mr. Trump’s proposed increase. Even taking into account major and minor wars, military spending increased by 10 to 15 percent every year but one from 1975 to 1985.
“Outside major and minor wars, it’s still not true,” Kogan said. “As a percent of G.D.P., there have been roughly 35 years — half the time — when the increase has been as large or larger than what Trump is calling for.”
Partly true. NATO funding is split between direct contributions (financing overhead expenditures) and indirect contributions (financing operations).
How much each of NATO’s 28 member nations contributes to the alliance’s direct spending is proportional to G.D.P. The United States has the largest national income and contributes the most to NATO, at about 22 percent, but the other member nations all pay their bills.
Under NATO guidelines, members agreed to commit a minimum of 2 percent of G.D.P. on the alliance’s defense efforts, but few nations actually do so. The United States does fund a disproportionate amount of indirect spending, 72 percent, characterized by NATO as an “overreliance.”
This is misleading. Mr. Trump appeared to have ad-libbed this claim, which did not appear in the speech text the White House released. NATO members agreed that nations currently not meeting the 2 percent of G.D.P. bar would so in the next decade, and that nations meeting it would continue to do so — but they did so in September 2014, nine months before Mr. Trump announced his candidacy.
“And the reason for this is not Donald Trump — it’s Vladimir Putin, Russia’s actions in Crimea and aggressive stance,” said Ivo H. Daalder, a NATO ambassador under President Barack Obama.
While Mr. Trump’s statements criticizing NATO members are helpful, every president since Harry Truman has asked the Europeans to contribute more, Mr. Daalder added.
And money is not “pouring in.” Member nations have essentially halted cuts in their military spending, slowly reversing a downward trend.
This needs context. Top military officers have raised questions about the readiness of today’s Army, with exhausted troops and depleted supplies. The military budget did shrink slightly during the Obama administration as the United States pulled out of combat operations, and because of the budget restrictions imposed by Congress known as sequestration.
Still, the United States spends more money on the military than the next seven countries combined do. Mr. Trump and White House officials have pointed to a smaller Navy to bolster their claims of a weakened military. While today’s fleet size is the smallest since 1916, the ships are much more capable. And the United States has more aircraft carriers than any other nation in the world.
This needs context. From 2000 to 2014, the United States spent about $1.6 trillion on the wars, according to the Congressional Research Service. Mr. Trump’s $6 trillion figure also encompasses the cost of nation-building and future spending on veterans health care and disability, which he has vowed to improve.
The American Society of Civil Engineers gave the country’s infrastructure a D+ in its latest report and estimated it would cost $3.6 trillion to repair.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court on Wednesday gave Virginia Democrats a fresh chance to challenge parts of the legislative map for the state’s House of Delegates.
The decision tried to bring some clarity to the tangled question of what role race can play in drawing voting districts. But the Supreme Court decided very little, leaving it to the trial court to apply a slightly refined definition of racial gerrymandering.
“The upshot of all of this is that not much has changed with these cases,” Richard L. Hasen, a law professor at the University of California, Irvine, wrote in a blog post. “The fight will be over the details and application to particular cases.”
Marc E. Elias, a lawyer for the challengers in the case, disagreed, calling the decision a “major victory” that will help Democrats.
The case, Bethune-Hill v. Virginia State Board of Elections, No. 15-680, concerned a dozen voting districts drawn after the 2010 census, each with at least a 55 percent population of black residents of voting age.
The Supreme Court has said race cannot be the predominant reason in creating legislative districts.
In 2015, a divided three-judge panel of Federal District Court in Richmond, Va., upheld 11 of the challenged districts because, it said, race had not been the primary factor in drawing them. Since the districts could be justified under traditional redistricting criteria like compactness, contiguity, incumbency protection and political considerations, the court said, race could not have been the predominant reason for drawing them.
That was the wrong approach, Justice Anthony M. Kennedy wrote for the majority. “The racial predominance inquiry concerns the actual considerations that provided the essential basis for the lines drawn,” he wrote, “not post hoc justifications the legislature in theory could have used but in reality did not.”
Justice Kennedy noted that the case had some curious features.
The challenged map was enacted, he wrote, “with broad support from both parties and members of the Black Caucus.” Only years later, he said, did voters file a lawsuit asserting a violation of the Constitution’s equal protection principles, saying that lawmakers had packed too many black voters into the districts.
In assessing those challenges, Justice Kennedy wrote, the trial court identified “no fewer than 11 race neutral redistricting factors.” He called that kind of analysis too malleable.
“By deploying those factors in various combinations and permutations, a state could construct a plethora of potential maps that look consistent with traditional, race-neutral principles,” Justice Kennedy wrote. “But if race for its own sake is the overriding reason for choosing one map over others, race still may predominate.”
Justice Kennedy did not say the challengers would win under his less rigid standard. “The district court,” he wrote, “is best positioned to determine in the first instance the extent to which, under the proper standard, race directed the shape of these 11 districts.”
The Supreme Court affirmed one part of the trial court’s ruling, concerning a single district, which the trial court had upheld even after finding that race played the dominant role in drawing it. The trial court said the district was justified by an attempt to comply with the Voting Rights Act, which forbade the reduction of minority voters’ ability to elect candidates of their choice.
Justice Kennedy endorsed that reasoning. “The record here supports the legislature’s conclusion that this was one instance where” the 55 percent target “was necessary for black voters to have a functional working majority,” he wrote.
Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. and Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Stephen G. Breyer, Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan joined all of Justice Kennedy’s opinion.
Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. largely agreed with the majority, though he said he would subject the 11 districts to a demanding level of scrutiny.
In a partial dissent, Justice Clarence Thomas elaborated on Justice Alito’s point and said the court should have struck down the lone district it upheld. “Despite my sympathy for the state,” he wrote, “I cannot ignore the Constitution’s clear prohibition on state-sponsored race discrimination.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Six weeks into unified government, Republican leaders are back to where they were in the Obama years — under fire from conservatives for giving too much ground on major policy issues.
In particular, the party push to undo the health care law while avoiding major disruptions in coverage — a priority reinforced on Tuesday by President Trump in his prime-time address — is encountering major resistance from the right. The determined opposition has thrown the party’s repeal effort into confusion and created uncertainty over what to eliminate and how to pay for any alternative.
Three Republican senators this week said they would vote only for a straightforward repeal of the law despite reluctance to do so on the part of several colleagues worried about cutting off health insurance to their constituents. With Senate Republicans holding only a 52-seat majority, those three alone — Senators Rand Paul of Kentucky, Ted Cruz of Texas and Mike Lee of Utah — could doom a Republican measure opposed by all Democrats. House conservatives are also lining up against emerging repeal-and-replace proposals in numbers that could deny House Republicans the needed votes to deliver on a top priority.
“We are a force to be reckoned with,” declared Mr. Paul, who has orchestrated the coordinated resistance with the ultraconservative House factions.
Conservatives are also showing some unease at sudden indications from Mr. Trump that he might be willing to embrace an immigration overhaul that could lead to legal status for millions of undocumented immigrants. And quick rejection by Republican leaders of many of Mr. Trump’s proposed budget cuts as unachievable is not likely to go down well either.
It wasn’t supposed to be this way with Republicans in control of Congress and the White House for the first time since 2006. They were certain they would now have the muscle to carry out their agenda. But just as Mr. Trump has discovered that revising the health law is “unbelievably complex,” Republicans are finding that being in charge doesn’t mean being on the same page — or even reading the same book.
The developing situation is reminiscent of the challenges faced by John A. Boehner, the former speaker, when he tried to corral recalcitrant conservatives to vote for compromise spending and immigration packages. His inability to do so helped break up a major spending deal, caused a government shutdown and ultimately ended up with the conservatives forcing him out.
Despite his retirement, Mr. Boehner might have helped fuel this latest revolt. Representative Jim Jordan, an Ohio Republican and leader of House conservatives who clashed repeatedly with Mr. Boehner, noted caustically on Tuesday that the former speaker is now predicting that Republicans won’t be able to kill the law, and Mr. Jordan seemed eager to prove him wrong.
“This is what we told the voters we were going to do,” he said of the straightforward repeal effort.
Conservatives have become increasingly alarmed at discussion of what they deride as “Obamacare Lite” — efforts to keep some of the provisions in place and “repair” the health law rather than kill it outright. They complain that an approach backed by some House health policy writers would impose new taxes on employer-provided health insurance and interfere in a part of the marketplace that is working. And they don’t favor a tax credit plan that Mr. Trump endorsed in his speech. They back the more market-driven approach that Republicans approved in 2015.
But that legislation was crafted when President Obama was in office and was certain to veto any repeal — giving Republicans what amounted to a free shot at the law. Now they and their constituents would have to live with the replacement, and lawmakers fear a potential backlash if it goes awry. Many Republicans may have complained that the crowds at angry town hall meetings over the recent recess were organized by political opponents, but that doesn’t mean Republicans aren’t paying attention to them.
In the face of that nervousness, Mr. Paul is reminding Republicans that the main reason the party won election victories in 2010, 2014 and now 2016 was the clear promise to end the health care law.
“They didn’t tell us to repeal but to keep the Medicaid expansion,” Mr. Jordan said.
But just as conservatives are adamant that Republicans repeal the law before replacing it, other more centrist Republicans are threatening to withhold their votes if there is no suitable alternative in place. That division is creating a real headache for Republican leaders such as Speaker Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin and Senator Mitch McConnell, the majority leader from Kentucky, who have to find something a majority will support.
They say they will eventually reach a solution, but they know they have serious problems at the moment. Mr. McConnell called a special Senate Republican meeting for Wednesday to hear from House committee chairmen on their plans and to try to hash out the sharp internal differences.
“The goal is for the administration, the House and the Senate to be in the same place,” Mr. McConnell said. “We’re not there yet. There’s a lot of discussion about how to craft that, what combination of legislation and regulation will get us to where we want to get.”
That is a far cry from confident pledges that the despised health insurance law would quickly be history once Republicans took power. Now conservatives, sensing backsliding among their colleagues, again want to use their numbers to dictate their desired result. Seems just like old times on Capitol Hill.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — In President Trump’s world, boring is disruptive.
After five-plus weeks of gleefully setting the Washington establishment ablaze and declaring a new war with virtually every public utterance, Mr. Trump took the radical step on Tuesday night of delivering a soothing comfort food of an address to a jittery Congress and skeptical public.
For the first time since his swearing-in in January, Mr. Trump seemed to accept the fetters of formality and tradition that define and dignify the presidency. And while he touched on all of the hard-edge elements of the economic nationalist agenda that has impelled his executive orders and calls for “revolution,” Mr. Trump brandished a blunter rhetorical ax and, for once, delivered on his promise to speak the Reagan Republican dialect of optimism and reconciliation.
Why the sudden shift? Numbers. Mr. Trump’s approval rating is the worst for any new president in recorded history — between 38 and 50 percent at a time when many presidents are in the 60s. Slamming the news media or pro-Obamacare demonstrators energizes his base, but it’s hard to move much higher in the polls without making a less partisan pitch.
The other key statistic spurring his sunshine-and-civility adjustment: $54 billion, the amount of federal funding he hopes to siphon from other departments to increase spending at the Pentagon — a budget proposal that is already half-dead on arrival, judging from its lukewarm reception on Capitol Hill this week. Presidents, even those commanding comfortable majorities in both houses, need to get Congress in line, and the only way to do that is to declare peace.
Here are five takeaways from the most presidential speech Mr. Trump has ever given — delivered at precisely the moment he needed to project sobriety, seriousness of purpose and self-discipline.
The split-screen between Tuesday’s temperate Mr. Trump and the everyday Mr. Trump was striking, to put it mildly.
“The time for trivial fights is over,” said Mr. Trump, a man who spent the first 48 hours of his presidency bickering about the size of the inauguration crowd. While that statement was meant as a challenge to his establishment critics, it also seemed as if he were coaching himself.
All of the previous big-stage speeches delivered by Mr. Trump, from his nomination address in Cleveland last summer to his 16-minute inaugural speech, had a gloomy, mourning-in-America quality. His aides promised a Ronald Reagan-inspired invocation of America’s future in the days leading up to his swearing-in. What he delivered, thanks to his speechwriting team of Stephen Miller and Stephen K. Bannon, was an invocation of “American carnage.”
Since his swearing-in, Mr. Trump roved the airwaves and Twitter, lashing out at anyone who opposed him, and many people who didn’t. In just the past couple of weeks, the president has reiterated his description of some news outlets as “enemies of the American people,” while taking his shots at Paris, Sweden, Hill Democrats, the F.B.I., government leakers, President Barack Obama and his own communications staff, among other targets.
But on Tuesday, the president rolled the dice, and went for nice. In style, if not substance, Mr. Trump delivered an address that nearly any of his Republican primary opponents — whom he once savaged as establishment stooges — might have delivered had they been standing at the rostrum.
“That torch is now in our hands,” Mr. Trump said within the first few minutes of his speech, echoing, if not entirely approaching, the wispy mountaintop oratory of more polished predecessors like Mr. Obama and Mr. Reagan. “And we will use it to light up the world. I am here tonight to deliver a message of unity and strength, and it is a message deeply delivered from my heart.”
Mr. Trump has made immense progress sticking to a script, but Wednesday is a new day, and the presidential Twitter finger gets itchy in the middle of the week. The big question is whether his unifying tone represents the mythical, long-awaited pivot point — or was just part of a well-written speech efficiently delivered by a gifted politician learning his new trade.
Mr. Trump has been criticized for his sluggish response to violence and vandalism against Jews, blacks and Muslims during his presidency. But the opening words of his speech were dedicated to tolerance and inclusion.
“Recent threats targeting Jewish community centers and vandalism of Jewish cemeteries, as well as last week’s shooting in Kansas City,” he said, “remind us that while we may be a nation divided on policies, we are a country that stands united in condemning hate and evil in all of its very ugly forms.”
Again, it’s hard to say if his statement reflected a genuine change of approach. Mr. Trump and some allies have suggested that recent bias-related episodes might be false-flag attempts by his opponents to embarrass him. But his words were welcomed in the House chamber, greeted by some of the most sustained applause of the evening.
The polls have not been especially kind to Mr. Trump lately, but there is one distinct bright spot: 56 percent of voters in a Politico/Morning Consult poll released on Tuesday said that Mr. Trump was following through on his campaign promises.
This is no small matter for a president eager to prove he’s no mere talker. For all its messaging, personnel and operational struggles, Mr. Trump’s team has relentlessly executed a branding strategy aimed at projecting the image of a man of action fighting against gridlocked and corrupt Washington elites. Every day, Mr. Trump appears before the cameras where he is shown doing stuff like signing executive orders or convening panels of business, labor or political leaders.
“It’s been a little over a month since my inauguration, and I want to take this moment to update the nation on the progress I’ve made in keeping those promises,” he said, taking an extended bow for saving jobs at several factories across the country, renegotiating defense contracts, scrapping the Trans-Pacific Partnership, greenlighting two new fuel pipelines and cracking down on illegal immigration and criminal foreigners.
Never mind that Mr. Obama, the man Mr. Trump says left him “a mess” to clean up, had accomplished much more at this point in his term — including the stimulus package and a gender pay-equity law.
For all his newfound civility and message discipline, Mr. Trump cares most about this takeaway — proving he is an effective president at a time when his administration is being portrayed in the media as short-handed, adrift and conflict-ridden.
The president’s speech had admirable length (it clocked in at just over 60 minutes), the requisite number of ovations, about 90, and a succession of punchy pronouncements. What it didn’t have was very much of an explanation on how Mr. Trump plans to govern. There were hardly any details about his proposals on the big-ticket items that will most likely define his first term. That included his Obamacare repeal-and-replace pledge, his plan to overhaul the tax code, the big infrastructure package he’s vowed to ram through, or even his plan to shovel $54 billion into the Defense Department.
Cracking down on illegal immigration is the central pillar of Mr. Trump’s election-winning popularity with white working-class voters, so much so that it was the subject of his most decisive action thus far as president: the bungled rollout of his executive order barring migrants from seven predominantly Muslim nations. But Mr. Trump and his team sent out some seriously mixed messages in the hours leading up to the address.
“We will soon begin the construction of a great, great wall along our southern border,” Mr. Trump declared, to the delight of many Republicans in the hall, who gave him a hearty standing ovation.
But earlier, in a sit-down with some of the country’s leading news anchors, the president seemed to soften his stance considerably, as he has done previously in private, suggesting that legal status be granted to millions of undocumented immigrants who have not committed serious crimes. Immigration hard-liners, led by his attorney general, Jeff Sessions, have long considered such a stance “amnesty.”
Mr. Trump never brought up the topic again — and didn’t touch on his prior reference to legalizing undocumented immigrants — raising questions about what position he’ll stake out in negotiations with Congress.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — On the night of President Trump’s first address to a joint session of Congress, it was not a policy proposal or rhetorical flourish that broke through partisan rancor, but a widowed mother of three fighting through sobs.
Carryn Owens, the wife of Chief Petty Officer William Ryan Owens, a member of the Navy SEALs who was killed during a commando raid authorized by Mr. Trump in January, had been invited to watch the speech from the first lady’s box, next to the president’s daughter, Ivanka. For a little more than two minutes, as Mr. Trump pressed his case to build up the American military, Ms. Owens became the image of American bravery that the president had hoped his words would invoke.
“Ryan died as he lived, a warrior and a hero, battling against terrorism and securing our nation,” Mr. Trump said, looking toward Ms. Owens.
Dressed simply in black, Ms. Owens looked upward and repeatedly mouthed the words “I love you,” as a full House chamber rose to applaud in rare bipartisan unity.
Within minutes, the image began ricocheting across social media and in doing so, deflected attention over the raid from the growing criticism that has dogged its aftermath to the face of grief.
Military and White House officials have maintained the raid was successful. But the death of Chief Owens on Jan. 29 came amid a chain of errors and misjudgments that resulted in a 50-minute firefight with Qaeda militants in Yemen. Three other Americans were wounded along the way, as well as several Yemeni civilians. A $75 million aircraft was also deliberately destroyed.
As a clearer picture of the episode has emerged in the weeks since, so have questions about what went wrong and why.
Chief Owens’s father, William Owens, has been among the most vocal in his criticism and refused to meet with Mr. Trump the day his son’s body was returned to the United States. He has subsequently called for a government investigation of the episode and warned, “Don’t hide behind my son’s death to prevent an investigation.”
“Why at this time did there have to be this stupid mission when it wasn’t even barely a week into his administration?” Mr. Owens said in an interview published on Feb. 26 in The Miami Herald, recalling his reaction to news of his son’s death. “Why?”
Mr. Trump, the commander in chief, has repeatedly sought to place blame elsewhere. Asked about Mr. Owens’s criticism, in an interview broadcast earlier Tuesday with “Fox & Friends,” he said the responsibility for the decision to go forward with the raid rested with his generals.
“This was a mission that was started before I got here,” he said. “This was something they wanted to do,” referring to “the generals.”
“And they lost Ryan,” he said.
As his remarks were broadcast across the country, Mr. Trump avoided such questions inside the Capitol on Tuesday while he sought to assure Ms. Owens that her husband’s death had not been in vain. He also seemed to keep its ownership with his defense secretary, Jim Mattis.
“I just spoke to General Mattis, who reconfirmed that, and I quote, ‘Ryan was a part of a highly successful raid that generated large amounts of vital intelligence that will lead to many more victories in the future against our enemies,’” Mr. Trump said.
“Ryan’s legacy,” he added, “is etched into eternity.”
Mr. Trump then addressed Ms. Owens directly.
“And Ryan is looking down right now. You know that,” Mr. Trump told her. In what seemed to be a reference to the length of applause that erupted as he spoke to Ms. Owens, the president said: “And he’s very happy, because I think he just broke a record.”



ARTICLE
In responding to President Trump’s address to Congress on Tuesday, Democrats had to navigate between the expectations of their angry base in America’s cities and the need to appeal to a broader array of voters in parts of the country where the president is far more popular.
The party handed that task to former Gov. Steven L. Beshear of Kentucky, an emblem of the sort of largely rural state that Democrats lost in last year’s presidential election. Delivering the party’s official response, Mr. Beshear, dressed in khakis and a blue shirt, sat in a Lexington diner and offered down-home references to Friday night football, Sunday morning worship and life as a preacher’s kid.
Mr. Beshear noted that the Americans who had gained health insurance under the Affordable Care Act, a law he championed in his state, were the sort of “friends and neighbors” he surrounded himself with in the diner.
Before the law was passed, “they woke up every morning and went to work, just hoping and praying they wouldn’t get sick,” he said. “Because they knew they were just one bad diagnosis away from bankruptcy.”
Now, he vowed, “Democrats are going to do everything in our power to keep President Trump and the Republican Congress from reneging on that commitment.”
The decision by the congressional Democratic leadership to invite Mr. Beshear, 72, who has been out of office for more than a year, was a departure from tradition for the opposition party, which usually chooses a rising star to offer the televised response to the president’s speech.
But Democratic leaders are determined to make health care — particularly Medicare and the Affordable Care Act — the centerpiece of their attacks against Republicans leading into next year’s midterm elections. And as Mr. Beshear alluded to, he has a compelling story to tell about the effect of the health law in a conservative-leaning state.
But congressional Democrats are struggling to keep a tight grip on their most impassioned voices, just as Republicans did with the rise of the Tea Party in opposition to President Barack Obama.
So while Mr. Beshear devoted a substantial portion of his remarks to health care, he also turned away from his easygoing tone with strongly worded remarks on immigrants and refugees that he may have avoided were he facing re-election.
“President Trump has all but declared war on refugees and immigrants,” he said, adding, “We can protect America without abandoning our principles and our moral obligation to help those fleeing war and terror without tearing families apart.”
And Mr. Beshear castigated Mr. Trump over the president’s incendiary rhetoric.
“When the president attacks the loyalty and credibility of our intelligence agencies, the court system, the military, the free press, individual Americans simply because he doesn’t like what they say, he’s eroding our democracy,” he said. “And that’s reckless.”
The former governor was not the only prominent voice on the left responding to the president’s address to Congress. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, who has perhaps the most intense following of any currently serving liberal, delivered a rejoinder via Facebook Live.
“The Republicans are now on the defensive, and we have to continue to push them back,” Mr. Sanders said, invoking issues such as climate change and mass incarceration, which Mr. Trump made no mention of but are particularly important to many liberals.
And Astrid Silva, an immigration activist who came to America as an undocumented immigrant, delivered the first ever Spanish-language response to such a presidential address, saying, “Immigrants and refugees are the heart and soul, and the promise, of this country.”
Mr. Sanders, a political independent, has been made a member of the Senate Democratic leadership, so his remarks were not of the same renegade nature as those delivered in 2011 by Michele Bachmann, a Minnesota congresswoman at the time, who offered a Tea Party-flavored speech after Mr. Obama’s State of the Union address. The Republicans’ official response that year was delivered by Representative Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin.
Still, many rank-and-file Democrats, and some elected officials, believe Mr. Trump was illegitimately elected and are focused more on how to quickly expel him from office than on promoting a poll-tested message against him and other Republicans on health care.
Representative Maxine Waters, the veteran California Democrat, said the demands from liberal voters were growing only more intense.
“Even though many of my Democratic colleagues are not ready to talk about impeachment, in the grass roots I’m hearing a lot about impeachment — and treason,” said Ms. Waters, who boycotted Mr. Trump’s speech, adding that she shared their desire to drive him from the presidency.
“I believe he can be found guilty of high crimes and misdemeanors, with the interaction and the collusion that is taking place with Russia and the Kremlin,” she said. “And I’m going to keep on it, and I think I’m going to be proven to be right.”
Beyond Ms. Waters’s absence, there were other signs of quiet protest that illustrated how uneasy Democrats are with a historically unpopular new president. Many of the female Democratic lawmakers in the audience were clad in white to honor the women’s suffrage movement.
And some of the House Democrats known in the past to stage an endurance test to be seen on camera shaking the hand of the president bypassed the rite, leaving mostly Republicans to greet Mr. Trump when he walked down the center aisle to deliver his speech.
After his remarks, among the few Democrats to greet the president was a grinning Senator Joe Manchin III of West Virginia, perhaps the most conservative member of his party in Congress.
Representative Joe Crowley of New York, the chairman of the House Democratic Caucus, was less pleased.
“We don’t agree with much of anything he said tonight,” he said.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — More jobs and economic growth. Less crime and poverty. New roads and bridges. “A nation of miracles.”
President Trump on Tuesday night offered a sweeping vision of the many ways in which he plans to improve the United States, but he said little about his plans for achieving those ambitious goals.
Mr. Trump once again promised to transform America’s trading relationships with foreign countries, toward a goal of “fair trade.”
But Mr. Trump did not explain how his administration would pursue that goal. One month into his presidency, he has pulled out of a trade deal negotiated by the Obama administration, but he has not taken any formal steps toward renegotiating existing deals nor making new ones.
Mr. Trump also reiterated his desire for major changes in the tax code that would cut corporate taxation and provide “massive tax relief for the middle class.”
But the president did not describe what changes he would like to see. Instead of a plan, Mr. Trump on Tuesday articulated a general principle: “We must create a level playing field for American companies and our workers.”
As part of potential tax legislation, congressional Republicans are discussing a significant overhaul of the way corporate income is counted. Mr. Trump and others in his administration have at times appeared to embrace the idea, known as border adjustment, but there was no endorsement on Tuesday night.
Similarly, Mr. Trump once again proposed a $1 trillion investment in rebuilding the nation’s infrastructure. He described this effort in grand terms. “Crumbling infrastructure will be replaced with new roads, bridges, tunnels, airports and railways, gleaming across our very, very beautiful land,” he said.
But here, too, details were in short supply. Mr. Trump said only that the effort would be financed from a mix of private and public sources, and that it “will be guided by two core principles: Buy American, and hire American.” He also offered one specific example: a requirement that American pipelines be made with American steel.
Mr. Trump’s wide-ranging speech touched on many of the problems in American life and promised solutions — but details were in short supply.
He promised to “restart the engine of the American economy.” The American economy is in the midst of one of the longest periods of continuous growth in the nation’s history, though the pace of growth has been tepid.
He promised to stop drugs “from pouring into our country.”
He described the low quality of public education as “the civil rights issue of our time,” and he called for legislation to fund “school choice for disadvantaged youth,” meaning that some students would receive vouchers they could use to pay tuition at private schools. But he did not define which students should get such vouchers, nor what would be done for the students left in public schools.
Mr. Trump did offer specific examples of his commitment to reduce regulation.
He said that he had stopped one of the regulations “that threaten the future and livelihood of our great coal miners,” referring to a rule that restricted the dumping of mining debris in streams. He also noted his executive order requiring federal agencies to offset the cost of each new regulation by eliminating at least two existing rules.
And Mr. Trump called for changes to expedite the approval of new medications, addressing what he described as a “slow and burdensome approval process” that prevents potentially lifesaving drugs from reaching people who are dying.
If regulations are reduced, he said, “our children will grow up in a nation of miracles.”
There is an inherent trade-off between speed and safety in the drug approval process, and the proper balance is the subject of a long-running debate. The government wants to prevent harmful drugs from entering the marketplace, so it sometimes delays the availability of helpful drugs. Mr. Trump did not say how far he thought the balance should be shifted toward greater speed.



ARTICLE
President Trump’s address to a joint session of Congress on Tuesday night elicited strong responses, and not a small measure of surprise. The New York Times spoke with a few voters who were watching from either side of the partisan divide. Here are excerpts from their immediate reactions.
Rolando Valdes, 63, in sales and marketing for an international logistics company
Home: Miami
Voted: for Mr. Trump. Thinks he is: becoming a “full-fledged statesman.”
I think it’s the first time he acted presidential, but he has to concentrate on a few items. There are too many things at one time. He will lose the Republican Senate and the House with too many things. With Obamacare and with the tax cuts — that should be enough for the first four years. The best thing I liked is when he said we have to take care of the United States first before we do things for other people. The United States has been trying to be all things to all people. In the meantime, we have left our own people behind.
I am pumped up. I hope he can do it. There is way too much politics in all of this. And this guy, whether we like him or we don’t, he is the only guy who is an outsider, and today he acted like a politician. It’s a good thing, because we need to get these things done.
_____
Susy Ribero-Ayala, 54, criminal defense lawyer
Home: Miami
Voted: against Mr. Trump. Thinks he is: unrealistic and a ball of contradictions.
Who was that unmasked man? I think it sounded great, like a utopia. I don’t think it’s that simple. He’s saying he’s going to do all these wonderful things — cut taxes, raise the defense budget. He talks about a great health care system and covering pre-existing conditions, and also talks about the disaster of Obamacare. And he talks about saving the jobs of the coal miners, but also increasing natural gas production. It’s one or the other. I think it’s oversimplified. I don’t know that he believes what he is saying. It can’t all be true. It’s simplistic and unrealistic.
I did not at all like that there is going to be a victims fund specially for people who are the victims of crime by illegal aliens. Victims of crime are victims of crime no matter how or who. I think that Trump thinks he is a lot greater than he actually is.
_____
Hollie Gaudette, 31, real estate agent
Home: Manchester, N.H.
Voted: for Mr. Trump. Thinks he is: “a problem solver.”
I got goose bumps through a lot of it, but I think the last woman — I can’t recall her name, but who lost her husband just a couple weeks ago — you see her pain, you can see her pain that was probably a very challenging and emotional moment for her to be there. And at that moment, that whole room came together, and there was support from both sides. That was wonderful to see. That’s what we want to see. The reality is that the end-all goal is that everyone comes together to move forward and to make progress and improve the quality of life for Americans across the board.
It doesn’t matter whether you’re left or right, he’s saying, “I’m here for all Americans, it doesn’t matter what color, race, any of that.” Even the whole part about immigration, he’s saying we’re going to have a merit system, and we want everyone and anyone to come here and succeed.
_____
Charles Lovett, 72, retired administrator in the federal Department of Education
Home: Franconia, N.H.
Voted: against Mr. Trump. Thinks he is: “a problem.”
I think it was a pretty good speech for him. He didn’t rage about anything. He didn’t go off message. And so it came across as a coherent speech and it’s intended to be a big-picture agenda. And I think he achieved that. But I think his policies are mistaken in many regards, and I think it comes across in some of the language he used. For example, he said we intend to fight terrorism and win. And there’s an underlying trope or assumption there that one can win militarily, which I don’t think is possible, and I don’t think the military thinks is possible.
He spoke of people that were ignored by the media or silenced by special interests, and then he pulled up a bunch of people whose relations have been killed by immigrant felons, and it was to me, I found it a kind of grotesque mischaracterization of the way the country is. I found the seeming rationality and conventionality of the agenda to be disturbing, because I think the underlying beliefs, which I believe are mistaken, will lead to taking apart things and breaking things — like alliances, like health care — that are easy to take apart but very difficult to put back together.
_____
Sandra Wright, 68, retail merchandiser
Home: Waterloo, Iowa
Voted: for Mr. Trump. Thinks he is: a “total patriot.”
I was very, very impressed with how well he presented himself. I thought he acted and spoke as presidentially as I’ve seen him so far. I was very impressed with what a well-written speech he had. I think it was very authentic. I think the man’s a true patriot for our country. I liked it very much. I particularly liked his closing remarks. And I was able to reinforce my reasons for voting for him.
He didn’t fall into trying to fight back against all the attacks that have been against him and everything. He talked about our country, and he talked about the important issues facing our country. And I think that’s what his job’s all about, and I think he thinks that, too. His job is to represent the U.S. in the world and to protect us and defend us according to our Constitution, and uphold our laws. And I think he’s doing a great job of it, just like I always have. So I loved it.
I particularly liked his remarks — and his statement, his campaign speeches, his promises to us — to preserve our Constitution, to enforce the rule of law as it pertains to illegal immigration, regardless. We have to follow our rules of law in the United States. I’m very impressed with how he realizes that this country is in financial crisis and the only way for us to get back from that is to go back to our American dream times, and work hard and bring manufacturing and those things back to the United States — what this country was built on.
_____
Liza Kate Boisineau, 38, musician and waitress
Home: Richmond, Va.
Voted: against Mr. Trump. Thinks he is: arrogant, smug and stubborn.
I don’t even know where to start. It was really hard to watch. It started out sounding like he cared a bit. It almost felt a little bit hopeful. I was almost impressed. He maintained a calmness and an air of wanting to bring people together. He did talk a lot about the need for peace and how there should be less conflict. I didn’t understand how he could talk so much about that while wanting to increase military funding so much. Then he talked about a wall and buy American and hire American. It just seemed hypocritical.
As soon as he turned to this movement starting in 2016 and him becoming president, that turned me off. It turned me off because that’s just what he’s been spouting for so long now. What is so great about him having been elected? I don’t think he could ever see himself as being wrong, which bothers me.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump on Tuesday offered a muted reaffirmation of his “America First” approach to foreign policy — one rooted in the realities of the complex world he has confronted since taking office, not the uncompromising vision he sketched during the 2016 campaign.
“My job is not to represent the world,” Mr. Trump declared. “My job is to represent the United States of America. But we know that America is better off when there is less conflict, not more.”
The president did not utter the slogan “America First,” which figured so prominently during his campaign and became a symbol of his plans to shred alliances and agreements. He said the United States would work with allies — old and new, including those in the Muslim world — to seek stability and avert future wars. And he offered his most ringing affirmation of NATO, which he had threatened to mothball during the campaign.
“We strongly support NATO, an alliance forged through the bonds of two World Wars that dethroned fascism, and a Cold War that defeated communism,” Mr. Trump declared to thunderous applause.
The president’s first address to Congress came after a turbulent debut on the world stage, when he unnerved allies with erratic statements on diplomatic issues and tempestuous phone calls with foreign leaders. But in many ways, it reflected his administration’s return to convention on several issues: support for allies in Europe and Asia, resistance to Israeli settlement construction in the West Bank, and fidelity to the “One China” policy.
Mr. Trump offered few foreign policy specifics in his speech and sprang no surprises. He said his administration had reaffirmed the “unbreakable alliance” with Israel and imposed sanctions on entities and individuals connected with Iran’s ballistic missile program.
But Mr. Trump did not elaborate on the Iranian threat, which is one of the consuming preoccupations of his national security team. In general, he steered clear of the bellicose language he used on the stump or even that of previous presidents, like George W. Bush, who used a State of the Union address in 2002 to declare an “Axis of Evil.”
“We want peace, wherever peace can be found,” Mr. Trump said. “America is friends today with former enemies. Some of our closest allies, decades ago, fought on the opposite side of these world wars. This history should give us faith in the possibilities for a better world.”
Peering down at Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, who was seated with other members of his cabinet, Mr. Trump noted that he had ordered the military to develop a plan to destroy the Islamic State, which he described as a “network of lawless savages that have slaughtered Muslims and Christians, and men, and women, and children of all beliefs.”
“We will work with our allies, including our friends and allies in the Muslim world, to extinguish this vile enemy from this planet,” he said.
Mr. Trump asserted that the United States had spent $6 trillion in the Middle East — he did not clarify on what, or when — and said that if the United States had spent that amount at home, “we could have rebuilt our country — twice,” maybe even three times, if the nation was run by people who knew how to negotiate deals.
He also repeated his demand that America’s partners in Europe, Asia and the Middle East “pay their fair share” of the cost of strategic and military partnerships around the world. On that score, he claimed some quick results, saying: “I can tell you, the money is pouring in. Very nice.”
Mr. Trump’s only allusion to Russia was indirect, when he said the United States was “willing to find new friends, and forge new partnerships, where shared interests align.”
He made it clear he would shun the foreign entanglements and democracy promotion of Mr. Bush. “America respects the right of all nations to chart their own path,” he said, adding, “We must learn from the mistakes of the past — we have seen the war and destruction that have raged across the world.”
“Our foreign policy calls for a direct, robust and meaningful engagement with the world,” Mr. Trump said. “It is American leadership based on vital security interests we share with allies across the globe.”
Perhaps most surprisingly, Mr. Trump mentioned America’s greatest economic and strategic rival, China, only once in his speech, in the context of lost American jobs since China joined the World Trade Organization. And he did not mention the nuclear threat from North Korea at all. Mr. Trump has complained bitterly that the Chinese are not doing enough to curb the aggressions of the North Korean government.
On Monday, China’s top foreign policy official, Yang Jiechi, visited the White House to meet with the national security adviser, Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster, and got a brief greeting from Mr. Trump. On Tuesday, Mr. Yang met with Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson at the State Department amid reports that they were planning Mr. Trump’s first face-to-face meeting with President Xi Jinping of China, possibly later in the spring.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump dangled on Tuesday the prospect of a stunning reversal on immigration, first saying he is open to providing legal status for millions of undocumented immigrants and then declining to directly bring the idea up in his first speech to a joint session of Congress.
Hours before the speech, Mr. Trump told reporters that “the time is right for an immigration bill as long as there is compromise on both sides.” But he made only a glancing reference to that assertion as he faced lawmakers, raising skepticism about whether he is truly shifting away from his aggressive policies toward people who are in the country illegally.
In the short space of a few hours, Mr. Trump veered back and forth on the immigration issue, sparking breaking news reports and incredulous postings on Twitter as he signaled moderation, then used his address to reassert his commitment to deportations, muse about changes to a “merit based” legal immigration system, and express hope for cooperation among the long-warring political parties.
In the speech, Mr. Trump repeated the harsh language that he used on the campaign trail, saying that success will not come to America “in an environment of lawless chaos.”
“We must restore integrity and the rule of law to our borders,” he said.
He also said attracting low-skilled immigrants is contributing to the nation’s problems, and suggested modeling the country’s legal immigration system after Canada and Australia, which attract high-skilled workers.
If the president chooses to embrace an overhaul that lets immigrants live and work in the country, it would represent a remarkable betrayal of many of his core supporters that comes just days after he ordered a crackdown aimed at deporting all undocumented immigrants.
“Real and positive immigration reform is possible,” Mr. Trump said. “If we are guided by the well-being of American citizens, then I believe Republicans and Democrats can work together to achieve an outcome that has eluded our country for decades.”
Mr. Trump won the election by bluntly accusing undocumented immigrants of being “rapists and murderers” and promising to build a “beautiful wall” to keep them out of the United States. At one point during his campaign, Mr. Trump said he would consider a deportation force to swiftly round up 11 million undocumented immigrants.
The president immediately put that harsh campaign-trail language into action from his desk in the Oval Office, calling for the beginning of construction along the southern border and issuing executive orders to accelerate deportations. He also suspended refugee programs and banned travel from countries he deemed to be terrorist threats.
In doing so, Mr. Trump cemented his status as a hero to the conservative right, and a villain among immigration activists and his Democratic adversaries.
Now, with just a few words, he may have flipped that political dynamic on its head. By potentially embracing legal status for millions of undocumented immigrants, Mr. Trump essentially endorsed the policies of former Presidents Barack Obama and George W. Bush, both of whom tried — and failed — to bring undocumented people out of the shadows by allowing them to live and work without fear of deportation.
During a lunch with reporters before his speech, Mr. Trump even suggested the possibility of citizenship for the so-called Dreamers who were brought to the United States illegally as children — something that Mr. Bush never supported and Mr. Obama fell short of when he delivered immigration executive actions late in his term.
It is unclear why Mr. Trump chose to suddenly contemplate changing direction. Nor is it clear whether the shift will be a lasting one that results in real efforts to build a coalition in Congress behind a comprehensive immigration overhaul that provides what conservatives have long derided as amnesty.
Both Mr. Bush and Mr. Obama tried to do just that, and both failed despite the support of the business community, evangelical Christian groups, police and sheriffs organizations, immigrant rights activists, liberal think tanks, Democratic lawmakers and Latino groups.
To mount a real legislative push, Mr. Trump would have to team up with some of the very coalitions that have spent the past month condemning him as a racist and a bigot. Whether those groups could put aside their dislike of the president is uncertain, at best.
Reaction to the shift on Twitter on Tuesday afternoon was filled with skepticism from longtime advocates for an immigration overhaul that helps people in the country illegally.
“Don’t buy it,” Frank Sharry, a longtime immigration activist in Washington, wrote after word of Mr. Trump’s shift in thinking was first reported. “Trump throwing sand in faces again. 1st, was ‘he’s softening.’ Recently, ‘bad dudes first.’ Neither was true. Nor is this one.”
But even more challenging for Mr. Trump would be dealing with the potential schism that a push for legalization could create between his White House and the conservative voters for whom any compromise on the immigration issue is considered heresy.
Similar uprisings among conservatives nearly destroyed Senator John McCain’s presidential campaign. In his race for the Republican nomination in 2007, Mr. McCain repeatedly faced boos and jeers at campaign events and town-hall-style meetings for supporting Mr. Bush’s legislative overhaul of immigration laws.
Conservative talk radio has also played a key role in trying to demand that Republican politicians oppose all attempts to legalize undocumented immigrants. Its advocacy on the airwaves helped stoke Tea Party activists to kill a similar effort by Mr. Obama in 2013.
Despite that history, Mr. Trump appears to be seriously considering waging the fight over immigration. In his lunchtime discussion, he said he could be open to the idea of a legal status for millions of immigrants if his adversaries were willing to compromise, according to several people who attended the lunch. Mr. Trump did not clarify what he would seek in a compromise.
But to pursue an immigration compromise — something his most ardent supporters reject out of hand — Mr. Trump would have to direct his White House staff to wage a difficult and lengthy fight on Capitol Hill.
Ironically, some of his closest advisers are among the most fiercely opposed to what Mr. Trump has said he now supports.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions was the Senate’s leading opponent of an immigration overhaul and regularly helped defeat any legislative proposal that would give undocumented immigrants the ability to live or work in the country legally. He repeatedly accused the Obama administration of favoring “open borders” and “amnesty.”
Stephen Miller, who worked for Mr. Sessions in the Senate, is now one of the president’s top policy advisers and his chief speechwriter. He, too, is a fiery opponent of making any concessions that would benefit illegal immigrants.
Now, both men are almost certainly trying to talk Mr. Trump out of his latest shift in position. If they succeed, the president may move on to other topics like health care, a tax overhaul and the need to bolster the nation’s aging infrastructure. But if they fail, Mr. Sessions and Mr. Miller might find themselves in the awkward position of having to fight for the very thing they have long worked to avoid: a future in which millions of illegal immigrants wake to find themselves not-so-illegal after all.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump looked out on a chamber divided, turning often to his left, where the cheers sustained him.
Already, the room had heard his ubiquitous pledge to restore bygone American greatness, completing its unlikely journey from trucker hat slogan to presidential tagline before a joint session of Congress.
That much, most Democrats could abide, silently and seated. The president’s follow-up would not fly.
“We have begun to drain the swamp of government corruption,” Mr. Trump said, gazing sternly ahead.
Some Republicans shot to their feet. Democrats began to laugh, loudly enough for a nation to hear.
The president’s first address to Congress — even one often mild in tone, by his standards — was always going to be different. Mr. Trump has that effect.
But the sensation was amplified in a space like this — a staid presidential ritual in an august chamber, commandeered by a Twittering president who seems to prefer an outdoor rally with a crowd chanting his surname.
If Mr. Trump strained to project a presidential air, stifling digressions and generally staying on script, the spectacle also laid bare the simmering tensions that have overtaken an already long-polarized building.
Republicans roared at most every flourish, cheering loudest early on, it seemed, for the first lady, Melania Trump, her black dress sparkling as she waved from the balcony.
Democrats grumbled aloud as Mr. Trump called for the dismantling of the Affordable Care Act. Some turned their thumbs down, like aggrieved movie critics, as he called for bipartisan cooperation in the effort.
Many Democratic women wore white, the color of suffragists, in a signal to Mr. Trump over women’s rights. Some went another way.
“This is the purple caucus!” Senator Kirsten Gillibrand of New York said before the speech, pointing toward her seatmate, Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, and two others in purple.
At times, even the comedy felt partisan. When Mr. Trump said representatives from Harley-Davidson had encouraged him to ride a motorcycle — “I said, ‘No thanks,’” the president quipped — Democrats were stone-faced. Across the chamber, the joke killed.
As with so many Trump-infused productions, the visuals on Tuesday often said enough, unfurling inside the congressional equivalent of a high school cafeteria.
Sartorial choices doubled as protest, with pins calling for the survival of the health law. Handshakes, or nonhandshakes, were infused with deep meaning. And the choice of seatmates, as ever, held the power to bolster reputations.
Lawmakers sustained the bipartisan tradition of using spare tickets to import human symbols, looking upon Mr. Trump like a mismatched orchestra.
A Syrian refugee. A police officer. An undocumented immigrant. Sean Hannity.
Then there was the president’s guest list, tinged with grief. He invited the father of a teenager killed by an undocumented immigrant, the widows of two officers killed in the line of duty by an undocumented immigrant and the widow of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, among others.
The most thunderous applause came for the widow of William Owens, a Navy SEAL known as Ryan who was killed during a controversial raid in Yemen. She sat next to Mr. Trump’s daughter, Ivanka.
For Mr. Trump’s critics, and even a few supporters, the sight of him in official settings has always proved jarring since his election: Mr. Trump holding forth in the East Room, Mr. Trump behind the presidential seal, Mr. Trump among the newly-gilded drapes of the Oval Office.
The first Trump entrance on Tuesday supplied the latest entry, bringing him down the chamber aisle with a flurry of firm handshakes and decisive nodding.
Some familiar faces were gone. Representative Eliot L. Engel, Democrat of New York, broke nearly three decades of personal tradition by declining to stand on the aisle and shake the president’s hand, finding his way to a middle seat. He cited Mr. Trump’s refusal to work “with all people” as a reason to break his own precedent.
There were eager fill-ins. From his prime perch on the aisle, Representative Louie Gohmert, Republican of Texas, who had invited Mr. Hannity as his guest, applied what appeared to be lip balm moments before the president’s arrival.
Congressional enmity was not a Trump creation, particularly during this annual exercise in seesawing ovations, poorly concealed grimacing and occasional outbursts.
Despite Democrats’ feelings about Mr. Trump’s credibility, there was no full-scale retribution for the “You lie!” moment of 2009, when Representative Joe Wilson, Republican of South Carolina, interrupted President Obama during a speech about health care.
For Republicans, there was a measure of nervous energy coursing through the Capitol on Tuesday, as lawmakers struggle to find their footing on major agenda items like dismantling the Affordable Care Act and await direction from the president. (Reports hours before the speech that the president had signaled an openness to a broad immigration overhaul, a political minefield for Republicans, did not help.)
It is not clear that they heard all they needed to in the address. But the party seemed buoyed, eight years on, to have one of its own at the microphone, applauding early and often.
Only once did Democrats get to their feet more quickly: when Mr. Trump spoke of paid family leave. A few red-state Democrats, like Senators Joe Manchin III of West Virginia and Jon Tester of Montana, perked up during Mr. Trump’s pleas for collaboration. And most of their colleagues stood at Mr. Trump’s call for a “new program of national rebuilding.”
More often, though, the Democratic reviews for Mr. Trump were unkind, occasionally inspiring fits of note scribbling from members. Senator Cory Booker of New Jersey took a moment to check his watch.
And when the president spoke of the “great, great wall” he hoped to build on the border with Mexico, Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, the top Democrat in the House, stared blankly, stewing in white.
After just over 60 minutes, the president stepped down to the floor, greeting a slim majority of Supreme Court justices. (Three — Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Clarence Thomas and Samuel A. Alito — were not present.)
Representative Jason Chaffetz of Utah, the chairman of the House Oversight Committee, who has been criticized for going easy on Mr. Trump, waited patiently for a handshake on the aisle.
But for the moment, Mr. Trump sought the embrace of his cabinet, arrayed to his left, cheering him on. The president almost smiled.



ARTICLE
Former Gov. Steve Beshear of Kentucky, a senior Democrat best known for putting the Affordable Care Act into effect in a deeply conservative state, offered the Democratic response to President Trump’s first address to a joint session of Congress on Tuesday. The following is a transcript, as prepared by the Federal News Service.
Reporters from The New York Times fact checked the Democrats’ response.
BESHEAR: I’m Steve Beshear. I was governor of Kentucky from 2007 to 2015. Now I’m a private citizen.
I’m here in Lexington, Ky. — some 400 miles from Washington — at a diner with some neighbors — Democrats and Republicans — where we just watched the president’s address. I’m a proud Democrat, but first and foremost, I’m a proud Republican, and Democrat, and mostly American. And like many of you, I am worried about the future of this nation.
Look, I grew up in Kentucky in a small town called Dawson Springs. My dad and granddad were Baptist preachers. My family owned a funeral home. And my wife, Jane, and I have been married for almost 50 years. I became governor at the start of the global recession, and after eight years, we left things a lot better than we found them.
By being fiscally responsible — I even cut my own pay — we balanced our budget and turned deficits into surpluses without raising taxes. We cut our unemployment rate in half. We made huge gains in high school graduation rates. And we found health coverage for over half a million Kentuckians.
We did that through trust and mutual respect. I listened. And I built partnerships with business leaders and with Republicans in our legislature. We put people first and politics second.
The America I love allowed a small-town preacher’s kid to be elected governor, and it taught me to embrace people who are different from me, not vilify them. The America I love has always been about looking forward, not backward, about working together to find solutions, regardless of party, instead of allowing our differences to divide us and hold us back.
And we Democrats are committed to creating the opportunity for every American to succeed by growing our economy with good-paying jobs, educating and training our people to fill those jobs, giving our businesses the freedom to innovate, keeping our country safe, and providing health care that families can afford and rely on.
Mr. President, as a candidate, you promised to be a champion for families struggling to make ends meet, and I hope you live up to that promise. But one of your very first executive orders makes it harder for those families to even afford a mortgage. Then you started rolling back rules that provide oversight of the financial industry and safeguard us against another national economic meltdown. And you picked a cabinet of billionaires and Wall Street insiders who want to eviscerate the protections that most Americans count on and that help level the playing field.
That’s not being our champion. That’s being Wall Street’s champion.
And even more troubling, you and your Republican allies in Congress seem determined to rip affordable health insurance away from millions of Americans who most need it. Does the Affordable Care Act need some repairs? Sure, it does. But so far, every Republican idea to “replace” the Affordable Care Act would reduce the number of Americans covered, despite your promises to the contrary. [Fact check: This is basically true.]
Mr. President, folks here in Kentucky expect you to keep your word. Because this isn’t a game. It’s life and death for people.
These ideas promise “access” to care but deny the importance of making care affordable and effective. They would charge families more for fewer benefits and put the insurance companies back in control. Behind these ideas is the belief that folks at the lower end of the economic ladder just don’t deserve health care, that it’s somehow their fault that their employer doesn’t offer insurance or that they can’t afford to buy expensive health plans.
But just who are these 22 million Americans, including 500,000 people right here in Kentucky, who now have health care that didn’t have it before? Look, they’re not aliens from some distant planet. They’re our friends and our neighbors. [Fact check: Slightly high estimate.]
We sit in the bleachers with them on Friday night. We worship in the pews with them on Sunday morning. They’re farmers, restaurant workers, part-time teachers, nurses’ aides, construction workers and entrepreneurs working at high-tech start-ups. And before the Affordable Care Act, they woke up every morning and went to work, just hoping and praying they wouldn’t get sick, because they knew that they were just one bad diagnosis away from bankruptcy.
You know, in 2010, this country made a commitment, that every American deserved health care they could afford and rely on. And we Democrats are going to do everything in our power to keep President Trump and the Republican Congress from reneging on that commitment. But we’re going to need your help by speaking out.
Another commitment now being tested is to our national security. Look, make no mistake, I’m a military veteran myself, and I know that protecting America is a president’s highest duty. Yet President Trump is ignoring serious threats to our national security from Russia, who’s not our friend, while alienating our allies, who’ve fought with us side by side and are our friends in a dangerous world. His approach makes us less safe and should worry every freedom-loving American.
Instead, President Trump has all but declared war on refugees and immigrants. Look, the president can and should enforce our immigration laws. But we can protect America without abandoning our principles and our moral obligation to help those fleeing war and terror, without tearing families apart, and without needlessly jeopardizing our military men and women fighting overseas. [Fact check: False, unless the laws change.]
You know, another Republican president, Ronald Reagan, once said, “In America, our origins matter less than our destination, and that is what democracy is all about.” President Trump also needs to understand that people may disagree with him from time to time, but that doesn’t make them his enemies. When the president attacks the loyalty and credibility of our intelligence agencies, the court system, the military, the free press, individual Americans, simply because he doesn’t like what they say, he is eroding our democracy. And that’s reckless. [Fact check: Few have been spared.]
Real leaders don’t spread derision and division. Real leaders strengthen, they unify, they partner, and they offer real solutions instead of ultimatums and blame.
Look, I may be old-fashioned, but I still believe that dignity, compassion, honesty and accountability are basic American values. And as a Democrat, I believe that if you work hard, you deserve the opportunity to realize the American dream, regardless of whether you’re a coal miner in Kentucky, a teacher in Rhode Island, an autoworker in Detroit or a software engineer in San Antonio.
Our political system is broken. It’s broken because too many of our leaders think it’s all about them. They need to remember that they work for us and helping us is their work.
Kentucky made real progress while I was governor because we were motivated by one thing: helping families. Democrats are trying to bring that same focus back to Washington, D.C. Americans are a diverse people. And we may disagree on a lot of things, but we’ve always come together when we remember that we are one nation, under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.
Thank you.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The speech was written, the rollout strategy was set. And then President Trump began talking and the plan went out the window. Unless that was the plan all along.
When Mr. Trump sat down with television anchors at the White House for an off-the-record lunch on Tuesday, he was supposed to preview his first address to Congress. Instead, he suddenly opened the door to an immigration bill that would potentially let millions of undocumented immigrants stay in the country legally.
Such legislation from the “build the wall” president would roil politics in the capital, and Mr. Trump told the anchors that nothing like that was actually in the speech as it was then drafted. But he turned to aides and suggested that maybe they should include it. After the lunch was over, aides rushed off to alert their colleagues, including Stephen K. Bannon and Stephen Miller, the architects of the president’s immigration crackdown.
Once again, the unlikeliest of presidents had torn up the script and thrown his young administration into upheaval. Once again, Washington was left trying to fathom what his strategy was. Was it mad genius, an improvisational leader proposing a Nixon-goes-to-China move to overhaul immigration after making a point of deporting “bad hombres”? Or was it simply madness, an undisciplined political amateur unable to resist telling guests what he thinks they want to hear even at the expense of his own political base?
In the end, he did not include it in the speech. And yet, rising to the occasion, Mr. Trump on Tuesday night sounded as presidential as he ever has since taking office. He invoked Abraham Lincoln and Dwight D. Eisenhower, heralded Black History Month, condemned anti-Semitic vandalism, celebrated American entrepreneurs like Alexander Graham Bell and Thomas Edison, and promised a “renewal of the American spirit.” He followed the written text on the teleprompters more closely than any major speech of his presidency.
Still, the paradox remained. He called for working “past the differences of party,” just hours after he called Representative Nancy Pelosi, the House Democratic leader from California, “incompetent.” He declared that “the time for trivial fights is behind us” just weeks after engaging in a public Twitter war with Arnold Schwarzenegger over the ratings for “Celebrity Apprentice.”
And then there was that immigration trial balloon. If nothing else, Donald Trump the showman kept the attention right where he wanted it — squarely on himself. By the time he took the rostrum in the House chamber on Tuesday night for the functional equivalent of a State of the Union address, he had generated considerable suspense around what he would actually say and how it would be received.
He boasted of deporting “gang members, drug dealers and criminals,” saying that “bad ones are going out as I speak.” He introduced guests in the first lady’s box whose families had suffered at the hands of criminals in the country illegally.
But he talked about “reforming our system of legal immigration,” saying as he has before that the United States should base its admission of foreigners on merit. “I believe that real and positive immigration reform is possible as long as we focus on the following goals,” he added, “to improve jobs and wages for Americans, to strengthen our nation’s security and to restore respect for our laws.”
Whether this was all an intentional distraction remained unclear by the time he wrapped up and headed back down Pennsylvania Avenue. This is, after all, a White House that revels in what its current occupants refer to as the “head fake,” where the president gives the impression of moving one way when he is really moving in a completely different direction, even diverting attention from one controversy by creating another.
That leaves allies and adversaries alike scratching their heads about what Mr. Trump really believes. In private discussions since the inauguration, a mystified Senator Mitch McConnell, the Republican majority leader from Kentucky, has said that Mr. Trump appears uncertain of precisely where he stands on a number of critical issues.
Thus, aides, activists, lobbyists and lawmakers search for ways to influence a malleable president, who sometimes plays along with his team’s desire to confuse and distract, but who is also prone to spouting out off-the-cuff ideas depending on his audience.
Mr. Trump’s advisers have said privately that they wanted this opening speech to Congress to be more optimistic than the address he delivered at his inauguration in January, an 18-minute jeremiad against what he called “American carnage” and the establishment he blamed for it. Mr. Trump’s daughter Ivanka Trump has privately expressed concern about the harsh tone of some of her father’s rhetoric over many months.
No president in modern times had shown up for his first speech to Congress with approval ratings so low — just 42 percent in the latest Gallup poll. His 40 days of careening from one crisis to another, many of them self-created, had sowed deep doubts about his leadership not only among Democrats and independents but even among many Republicans. His challenge for this address was to move beyond these moments and establish himself as a president.
Immigration has been one area where he was evidently still trying to calibrate. After all, Mr. Trump was not always so strident on the issue. After the 2012 election, he denounced Mitt Romney for supporting what he called “self-deportation,” calling it “a crazy policy” that cost Mr. Romney the Hispanic vote. The Democrats, he said then, did not have a policy “but what they did have going for them is they weren’t meanspirited about it.”
The session with the television anchors started out as a nod to tradition by a president who has broken so many. Like his predecessors on the day of a State of the Union address, Mr. Trump hosted the journalists for what was supposed to be an unrecorded lunch to give them a sense of what he would tell Congress. But the conversation took a surprising turn when some of the anchors asked about his efforts to deport many of the estimated 11 million immigrants in the country illegally. Without being prompted, Mr. Trump then raised the idea of legislation, noting that there had not been any comprehensive law passed by Congress on the subject since Ronald Reagan’s amnesty program in the 1980s.
He told the anchors it was time for a bill that would grant legal status to many of those in the country illegally as long as both sides compromised, similar to the legislation sought but never passed by George W. Bush and Barack Obama. Mr. Trump said he recognized that it would cause him political problems with his conservative base voters, according to people in the room, but added that he thought he could keep them happy since they had stuck with him throughout last year’s Republican primaries.
When Mr. Trump offered the idea, he let the word “compromise” hang in the air, gauging the reaction. He then turned to Hope Hicks, his director of strategic communications, and suggested that the thought could be added to his speech.
As Mr. Trump’s words settled over the State Dining Room, the president’s aides glanced at one another. They moved quickly to alert Mr. Bannon and Mr. Miller, two of the main keepers of Mr. Trump’s address before Congress.
That the proposal did not ultimately make it into the speech may speak to the influence of Mr. Bannon’s wing. But the town was confused and off balance, just the way Mr. Trump likes it.



ARTICLE
President Trump on Tuesday delivered his first address to a joint session of Congress. The following is a transcript, as prepared by the Federal News Service. 
For more coverage, read our live analysis.
TRUMP: Thank you very much. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Vice President, members of Congress, the first lady of the United States ...
(APPLAUSE)
... and citizens of America, tonight, as we mark the conclusion of our celebration of Black History Month, we are reminded of our nation’s path toward civil rights and the work that still remains to be done.
Recent threats ...
(APPLAUSE)
Recent threats targeting Jewish community centers and vandalism of Jewish cemeteries, as well as last week’s shooting in Kansas City, remind us that while we may be a nation divided on policies, we are a country that stands united in condemning hate and evil in all of its very ugly forms.
(APPLAUSE)
Each American generation passes the torch of truth, liberty and justice, in an unbroken chain all the way down to the present. That torch is now in our hands. And we will use it to light up the world.
I am here tonight to deliver a message of unity and strength, and it is a message deeply delivered from my heart. A new chapter ...
(APPLAUSE)
... of American greatness is now beginning. A new national pride is sweeping across our nation. And a new surge of optimism is placing impossible dreams firmly within our grasp. What we are witnessing today is the renewal of the American spirit. Our allies will find that America is once again ready to lead.
(APPLAUSE)
All the nations of the world — friend or foe — will find that America is strong, America is proud, and America is free. In nine years, the United States will celebrate the 250th anniversary of our founding, 250 years since the day we declared our independence. It will be one of the great milestones in the history of the world.
But what will America look like as we reach our 250th year? What kind of country will we leave for our children? I will not allow the mistakes of recent decades past to define the course of our future.
For too long, we’ve watched our middle class shrink as we’ve exported our jobs and wealth to foreign countries. We’ve financed and built one global project after another, but ignored the fates of our children in the inner cities of Chicago, Baltimore, Detroit and so many other places throughout our land.
We’ve defended the borders of other nations while leaving our own borders wide open for anyone to cross [Fact check: Open in parts, but heavily patrolled as well.], and for drugs to pour in at a now unprecedented rate. And we’ve spent trillions and trillions of dollars overseas, while our infrastructure at home has so badly crumbled.
Then, in 2016, the earth shifted beneath our feet. The rebellion started as a quiet protest, spoken by families of all colors and creeds, families who just wanted a fair shot for their children, and a fair hearing for their concerns.
But then the quiet voices became a loud chorus, as thousands of citizens now spoke out together, from cities small and large, all across our country.
Finally, the chorus became an earthquake, and the people turned out by the tens of millions, and they were all united by one very simple, but crucial demand, that America must put its own citizens first, because only then can we truly make America great again.
(APPLAUSE)
Dying industries will come roaring back to life. Heroic veterans will get the care they so desperately need. Our military will be given the resources its brave warriors so richly deserve.
Crumbling infrastructure will be replaced with new roads, bridges, tunnels, airports and railways, gleaming across our very, very beautiful land. Our terrible drug epidemic will slow down and ultimately stop. And our neglected inner cities will see a rebirth of hope, safety and opportunity.
Above all else, we will keep our promises to the American people.
(APPLAUSE)
Thank you. It’s been a little over a month since my inauguration, and I want to take this moment to update the nation on the progress I’ve made in keeping those promises. Since my election, Ford, Fiat-Chrysler, General Motors, Sprint, Softbank, Lockheed, Intel, Walmart and many others have announced that they will invest billions and billions of dollars in the United States and will create tens of thousands of new American jobs.
(APPLAUSE)
The stock market has gained almost $3 trillion in value since the election on Nov. 8, a record. We’ve saved taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars by bringing down the price of fantastic — and it is a fantastic — new F-35 jet fighter, and we’ll be saving billions more on contracts all across our government.
We have placed a hiring freeze on nonmilitary and nonessential federal workers.
We have begun to drain the swamp of government corruption by imposing a five-year ban on lobbying by executive branch officials — and a lifetime ban ...
(APPLAUSE)
Thank you. Thank you. And a lifetime ban on becoming lobbyists for a foreign government. We have undertaken a historic effort to massively reduce job-crushing regulations, creating a deregulation task force inside of every government agency ...
(APPLAUSE)
... and we’re imposing a new rule which mandates that for every one new regulation, two old regulations must be eliminated.
(APPLAUSE)
We’re going to stop the regulations that threaten the future and livelihood of our great coal miners. [Fact check: This is partly true but misleading.]
(APPLAUSE)
We have cleared the way for the construction of the Keystone and Dakota Access Pipelines ...
(APPLAUSE)
... thereby creating tens of thousands of jobs. [Fact check: This needs context.] And I’ve issued a new directive that new American pipelines be made with American steel.
(APPLAUSE)
We have withdrawn the United States from the job-killing Trans-Pacific Partnership.
(APPLAUSE)
And with the help of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, we have formed a council with our neighbors in Canada to help ensure that women entrepreneurs have access to the networks, markets and capital they need to start a business and live out their financial dreams.
(APPLAUSE)
To protect our citizens, I have directed the Department of Justice to form a task force on reducing violent crime. I have further ordered the Departments of Homeland Security and Justice, along with the Department of State and the director of national intelligence, to coordinate an aggressive strategy to dismantle the criminal cartels that have spread all across our nation. [Fact check: True, but they don’t do much.]
(APPLAUSE)
We will stop the drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth, and we will expand treatment for those who have become so badly addicted.
(APPLAUSE)
At the same time, my administration has answered the pleas of the American people for immigration enforcement and border security.
(APPLAUSE)
By finally enforcing our immigration laws, we will raise wages [Fact check: Maybe a little.], help the unemployed, save billions and billions of dollars, and make our communities safer for everyone.
(APPLAUSE)
We want all Americans to succeed, but that can’t happen in an environment of lawless chaos.
We must restore integrity and the rule of law at our borders.
(APPLAUSE)
For that reason, we will soon begin the construction of a great, great wall along our southern border.
(APPLAUSE)
As we speak tonight, we are removing gang members, drug dealers and criminals that threaten our communities and prey on our very innocent citizens. [Fact check: Not a big change.] Bad ones are going out as I speak, and as I promised throughout the campaign. To any in Congress who do not believe we should enforce our laws, I would ask you this one question: What would you say to the American family that loses their jobs, their income or their loved one because America refused to uphold its laws and defend its borders?
(APPLAUSE)
Our obligation is to serve, protect and defend the citizens of the United States. We are also taking strong measures to protect our nation from radical Islamic terrorism.
(APPLAUSE)
According to data provided by the Department of Justice, the vast majority of individuals convicted of terrorism and terrorism-related offenses since 9/11 came here from outside of our country. We have seen the attacks at home, from Boston to San Bernardino to the Pentagon and, yes, even the World Trade Center. We have seen the attacks in France, in Belgium, in Germany and all over the world.
It is not compassionate, but reckless to allow uncontrolled entry from places where proper vetting cannot occur.
(APPLAUSE)
Those given the high honor of admission to the United States should support this country and love its people and its values. We cannot allow a beachhead of terrorism to form inside America, and we cannot allow our nation to become a sanctuary for extremists.
(APPLAUSE) That is why my administration has been working on improved vetting procedures, and we will shortly take new steps to keep our nation safe, and to keep those out who will do us harm.
(APPLAUSE)
As promised, I directed the Department of Defense to develop a plan to demolish and destroy ISIS, a network of lawless savages that have slaughtered Muslims and Christians, and men, women and children of all faiths and all beliefs. We will work with our allies, including our friends and allies in the Muslim world, to extinguish this vile enemy from our planet.
(APPLAUSE)
I have also imposed new sanctions on entities and individuals who support Iran’s ballistic missile program, and reaffirmed our unbreakable alliance with the state of Israel.
(APPLAUSE)
Finally, I have kept my promise to appoint a justice to the United States Supreme Court, from my list of 20 judges, who will defend our Constitution.
(APPLAUSE)
I am greatly honored to have Maureen Scalia with us in the gallery tonight.
(APPLAUSE)
Thank you, Maureen. Her late, great husband, Antonin Scalia, will forever be a symbol of American justice.
To fill his seat, we have chosen Judge Neil Gorsuch, a man of incredible skill and deep devotion to the law. He was confirmed unanimously by the Court of Appeals, and I am asking the Senate to swiftly approve his nomination.
(APPLAUSE)
Tonight, as I outline the next steps we must take as a country, we must honestly acknowledge the circumstances we inherited. Ninety-four million Americans are out of the labor force. [Fact check: This is misleading.] Over 43 million people are now living in poverty. [Fact check: True — but the number has also fallen.] And over 43 million Americans are on food stamps. [Fact check: The number is correct.]
More than one in five people in their prime working years are not working. We have the worst financial recovery in 65 years. In the last eight years, the past administration has put on more new debt than nearly all of the other presidents combined.
We’ve lost more than one-fourth of our manufacturing jobs since Nafta was approved [Fact check: Not because of Nafta.], and we’ve lost 60,000 factories since China joined the World Trade Organization in 2001. Our trade deficit in goods with the world last year was nearly $800 billion. And overseas, we have inherited a series of tragic foreign policy disasters.
Solving these and so many other pressing problems will require us to work past the differences of party. It will require us to tap into the American spirit that has overcome every challenge throughout our long and storied history. But to accomplish our goals at home and abroad, we must restart the engine of the American economy, making it easier for companies to do business in the United States and much, much harder for companies to leave our country.
(APPLAUSE)
Right now, American companies are taxed at one of the highest rates anywhere in the world. My economic team is developing historic tax reform that will reduce the tax rate on our companies so they can compete and thrive anywhere and with anyone.
(APPLAUSE)
It will be a big, big cut.
At the same time, we will provide massive tax relief for the middle class. We must create a level playing field for American companies and our workers — have to do it.
(APPLAUSE)
Currently, when we ship products out of America, many other countries make us pay very high tariffs and taxes, but when foreign companies ship their products into America, we charge them nothing or almost nothing.
I just met with officials and workers from a great American company, Harley-Davidson. In fact, they proudly displayed five of their magnificent motorcycles, made in the U.S.A., on the front lawn of the White House.
(APPLAUSE)
And they wanted me to ride one, and I said, “No, thank you.”
(LAUGHTER)
At our meeting, I asked them, “How are you doing? How is business?” They said that it’s good. I asked them further, “How are you doing with other countries, mainly international sales?”
They told me — without even complaining, because they have been so mistreated for so long that they’ve become used to it — that it’s very hard to do business with other countries, because they tax our goods at such a high rate. They said that in the case of another country, they taxed their motorcycles at 100 percent.
They weren’t even asking for a change. But I am. I believe ...
(APPLAUSE)
I believe strongly in free trade, but it also has to be fair trade. It’s been a long time since we had fair trade.
The first Republican president, Abraham Lincoln, warned that “the abandonment of the protective policy by the American government will produce want and ruin among our people.”
Lincoln was right, and it’s time we heeded his advice and his words.
(APPLAUSE)
I am not going to let America and its great companies and workers be taken — advantage of us any longer. They have taken advantage of our country no longer.
(APPLAUSE)
I am going to bring back millions of jobs. Protecting our workers also means reforming our system of legal immigration.
(APPLAUSE)
The current, outdated system depresses wages for our poorest workers and puts great pressure on taxpayers. Nations around the world, like Canada, Australia and many others, have a merit-based immigration system.
(APPLAUSE)
It’s a basic principle that those seeking to enter a country ought to be able to support themselves financially. Yet in America we do not enforce this rule, straining the very public resources that our poorest citizens rely upon.
According to the National Academy of Sciences, our current immigration system costs American taxpayers many billions of dollars a year. [Fact check: This needs context.] Switching away from this current system of lower-skilled immigration, and instead adopting a merit-based system, we will have so many more benefits. It will save countless dollars, raise workers’ wages and help struggling families, including immigrant families, enter the middle class. And they will do it quickly, and they will be very, very happy, indeed.
(APPLAUSE)
I believe that real and positive immigration reform is possible, as long as we focus on the following goals: to improve jobs and wages for Americans, to strengthen our nation’s security and to restore respect for our laws.
If we are guided by the well-being of American citizens, then I believe Republicans and Democrats can work together to achieve an outcome that has eluded our country for decades.
(APPLAUSE)
Another Republican president, Dwight D. Eisenhower, initiated the last truly great national infrastructure program: the building of the interstate highway system. The time has come for a new program of national rebuilding.
(APPLAUSE)
America has spent approximately $6 trillion in the Middle East, all the while our infrastructure at home is crumbling.
With the $6 trillion, we could have rebuilt our country twice, and maybe even three times, if we had people who had the ability to negotiate.
(APPLAUSE)
To launch our national rebuilding, I will be asking Congress to approve legislation that produces a $1 trillion investment in infrastructure of the United States, financed through both public and private capital, creating millions of new jobs.
(APPLAUSE)
This effort will be guided by two core principles: Buy American and hire American.
(APPLAUSE)
Tonight, I am also calling on this Congress to repeal and replace Obamacare ...
(APPLAUSE)
... with reforms that expand choice, increase access, lower costs and at the same time provide better health care.
(APPLAUSE)
Mandating every American to buy government-approved health insurance was never the right solution for our country.
(APPLAUSE)
The way to make health insurance available to everyone is to lower the cost of health insurance, and that is what we are going to do.
(APPLAUSE)
Obamacare premiums nationwide have increased by double and triple digits. [Fact check: True, but cherry-picked.] As an example, Arizona went up 116 percent last year alone. Gov. Matt Bevin of Kentucky just said Obamacare is failing in his state, the state of Kentucky, and it’s unsustainable and collapsing.
One third of the counties have only one insurer, and they’re losing them fast, they are losing them so fast. They’re leaving. And many Americans have no choice at all. There’s no choice left.
Remember when you were told that you could keep your doctor and keep your plan? We now know that all of those promises have been totally broken. Obamacare is collapsing [Fact check: This is an exaggeration.], and we must act decisively to protect all Americans.
(APPLAUSE)
Action is not a choice; it is a necessity. So I am calling on all Democrats and Republicans in Congress to work with us to save Americans from this imploding Obamacare disaster.
(APPLAUSE)
Here are the principles that should guide Congress as we move to create a better health care system for all Americans.
First, we should ensure that Americans with pre-existing conditions have access to coverage and that we have a stable transition for Americans currently enrolled in the health care exchanges.
(APPLAUSE)
Secondly, we should help Americans purchase their own coverage, through the use of tax credits and expanded health savings accounts, but it must be the plan they want, not the plan forced on them by our government.
(APPLAUSE)
Thirdly, we should give our state governors the resources and flexibility they need with Medicaid to make sure no one is left out.
(APPLAUSE)
Fourth, we should implement legal reforms that protect patients and doctors from unnecessary costs that drive up the price of insurance and work to bring down the artificially high price of drugs and bring them down immediately.
(APPLAUSE)
And finally, the time has come to give Americans the freedom to purchase health insurance across state lines ...
(APPLAUSE)
... which will create a truly competitive national marketplace that will bring costs way down and provide far better care. So important.
Everything that is broken in our country can be fixed. Every problem can be solved. And every hurting family can find healing and hope. Our citizens deserve this, and so much more, so why not join forces and finally get the job done and get it done right?
(APPLAUSE)
On this and so many other things, Democrats and Republicans should get together and unite for the good of our country and for the good of the American people.
(APPLAUSE)
My administration wants to work with members of both parties to make child care accessible and affordable, to help ensure new parents that they have paid family leave ...
(APPLAUSE)
... to invest in women’s health, and to promote clean air and clean water, and to rebuild our military and our infrastructure.
(APPLAUSE)
True love for our people requires us to find common ground, to advance the common good, and to cooperate on behalf of every American child who deserves a much brighter future.
An incredible young woman is with us this evening who should serve as an inspiration to us all. Today is Rare Disease Day, and joining us in the gallery is a rare disease survivor, Megan Crowley. Megan ...
(APPLAUSE)
Megan was diagnosed with Pompe disease, a rare and serious illness, when she was 15 months old. She was not expected to live past 5. On receiving this news, Megan’s dad, John, fought with everything he had to save the life of his precious child. He founded a company to look for a cure and helped develop the drug that saved Megan’s life. Today she is 20 years old and a sophomore at Notre Dame.
(APPLAUSE)
Megan’s story is about the unbounded power of a father’s love for a daughter. But our slow and burdensome approval process at the Food and Drug Administration keeps too many advances, like the one that saved Megan’s life, from reaching those in need.
If we slash the restraints, not just at the F.D.A. but across our government, then we will be blessed with far more miracles just like Megan.
(APPLAUSE)
In fact, our children will grow up in a nation of miracles. But to achieve this future, we must enrich the mind — and the souls — of every American child. Education is the civil rights issue of our time.
(APPLAUSE)
I am calling upon members of both parties to pass an education bill that funds school choice for disadvantaged youth, including millions of African-American and Latino children.
(APPLAUSE)
These families should be free to choose the public, private, charter, magnet, religious or home school that is right for them.
(APPLAUSE)
Joining us tonight in the gallery is a remarkable woman, Denisha Merriweather. As a young girl, Denisha struggled in school and failed third grade twice. But then she was able to enroll in a private center for learning — great learning center — with the help of a tax credit and a scholarship program. Today, she is the first in her family to graduate, not just from high school, but from college. Later this year, she will get her master’s degree in social work. We want all children to be able to break the cycle of poverty just like Denisha.
(APPLAUSE)
But to break the cycle of poverty, we must also break the cycle of violence. The murder rate in 2015 experienced its largest single-year increase in nearly half a century. [Fact check: True, but somewhat misleading.] In Chicago, more than 4,000 people were shot last year alone, and the murder rate so far this year has been even higher. This is not acceptable in our society.
(APPLAUSE)
Every American child should be able to grow up in a safe community, to attend a great school and to have access to a high-paying job.
(APPLAUSE)
But to create this future, we must work with — not against — not against — the men and women of law enforcement.
(APPLAUSE)
We must build bridges of cooperation and trust, not drive the wedge of disunity and it’s — really, it’s what it is, division. It’s pure, unadulterated division. We have to unify. Police and sheriffs are members of our community. They’re friends and neighbors, they’re mothers and fathers, sons and daughters, and they leave behind loved ones every day who worry about whether or not they’ll come home safe and sound. We must support the incredible men and women of law enforcement.
(APPLAUSE)
And we must support the victims of crime. I have ordered the Department of Homeland Security to create an office to serve American victims. The office is called Voice, Victims of Immigration Crime Engagement.
We are providing a voice to those who have been ignored by our media [Fact check: They have received coverage.] and silenced by special interests. Joining us ...
(APPLAUSE)
Joining us in the audience tonight are four very brave Americans whose government failed them. Their names are Jamiel Shaw, Susan Oliver, Jenna Oliver and Jessica Davis. Jamiel’s 17-year-old son was viciously murdered by an illegal immigrant gang member who had just been released from prison. Jamiel Shaw Jr. was an incredible young man with unlimited potential who was getting ready to go to college, where he would have excelled as a great college quarterback.
But he never got the chance. His father, who is in the audience tonight, has become a very good friend of mine. Jamiel, thank you. Thank you.
(APPLAUSE)
Also with us are Susan Oliver and Jessica Davis. Their husbands — Deputy Sheriff Danny Oliver and Detective Michael Davis — were slain in the line of duty in California. They were pillars of their community. These brave men were viciously gunned down by an illegal immigrant with a criminal record and two prior deportations. Should have never been in our country.
Sitting with Susan is her daughter, Jenna. Jenna, I want you to know that your father was a hero and that tonight you have the love of an entire country supporting you and praying for you.
(APPLAUSE)
To Jamiel, Jenna, Susan and Jessica, I want you to know that we will never stop fighting for justice. Your loved ones will never, ever be forgotten. We will always honor their memory.
(APPLAUSE)
Finally, to keep America safe, we must provide the men and women of the United States military with the tools they need to prevent war — if they must — they have to fight and they only have to win.
(APPLAUSE)
I am sending Congress a budget that rebuilds the military, eliminates the defense sequester...
(APPLAUSE)
... and calls for one of the largest increases in national defense spending in American history.
My budget will also increase funding for our veterans. Our veterans have delivered for this nation, and now we must deliver for them.
(APPLAUSE)
The challenges we face as a nation are great. But our people are even greater. And none are greater or braver than those who fight for America in uniform.
(APPLAUSE)
We are blessed to be joined tonight by Carryn Owens, the widow of U.S. Navy special operator, Senior Chief William “Ryan” Owens. Ryan died as he lived, a warrior and a hero, battling against terrorism and securing our nation.
(APPLAUSE)
I just spoke to our great General [Jim] Mattis just now who reconfirmed that, and I quote, “Ryan was a part of a highly successful raid that generated large amounts of vital intelligence that will lead to many more victories in the future against our enemy.”
Ryan’s legacy is etched into eternity. Thank you.
(APPLAUSE)
And Ryan is looking down right now. You know that. And he’s very happy, because I think he just broke a record.
(APPLAUSE)
For as the Bible teaches us, there is no greater act of love than to lay down one’s life for one’s friends. Ryan laid down his life for his friends, for his country and for our freedom. And we will never forget Ryan.
(APPLAUSE)
To those allies who wonder what kind of a friend America will be, look no further than the heroes who wear our uniform. Our foreign policy calls for a direct, robust and meaningful engagement with the world. It is American leadership based on vital security interests that we share with our allies all across the globe.
We strongly support NATO, an alliance forged through the bonds of two world wars, that dethroned fascism ...
(APPLAUSE)
... and a Cold War and defeated communism.
(APPLAUSE)
But our partners must meet their financial obligations. And now, based on our very strong and frank discussions, they are beginning to do just that. In fact, I can tell you the money is pouring in. Very nice.
(APPLAUSE)
We expect our partners, whether in NATO, in the Middle East or in the Pacific, to take a direct and meaningful role in both strategic and military operations, and pay their fair share of the cost — have to do that.
We will respect historic institutions, but we will respect the foreign rights of all nations. And they have to respect our rights as a nation, also.
(APPLAUSE)
Free nations are the best vehicle for expressing the will of the people, and America respects the right of all nations to chart their own path. My job is not to represent the world. My job is to represent the United States of America.
(APPLAUSE)
But we know that America is better off when there is less conflict, not more. We must learn from the mistakes of the past. We have seen the war and the destruction that have ravaged and raged throughout the world. All across the world.
The only long-term solution for these humanitarian disasters, in many cases, is to create the conditions where displaced persons can safely return home and begin the long, long process of rebuilding.
(APPLAUSE)
America is willing to find new friends, and to forge new partnerships, where shared interests align. We want harmony and stability, not war and conflict. We want peace, wherever peace can be found. America is friends today with former enemies. Some of our closest allies, decades ago, fought on the opposite side of these terrible, terrible wars. This history should give us all faith in the possibilities for a better world.
Hopefully, the 250th year for America will see a world that is more peaceful, more just, and more free.
On our 100th anniversary in 1876, citizens from across our nation came to Philadelphia to celebrate America’s centennial. At that celebration, the country’s builders and artists and inventors showed off their wonderful creations. Alexander Graham Bell displayed his telephone for the first time. Remington unveiled the first typewriter. An early attempt was made at electric light. Thomas Edison showed an automatic telegraph and an electric pen. Imagine the wonders our country could know in America’s 250th year.
(APPLAUSE)
Think of the marvels we could achieve if we simply set free the dreams of our people. Cures to the illnesses that have always plagued us are not too much to hope. American footprints on distant worlds are not too big a dream. Millions lifted from welfare to work is not too much to expect. And streets where mothers are safe from fear — schools where children learn in peace, and jobs where Americans prosper and grow — are not too much to ask.
(APPLAUSE)
When we have all of this, we will have made America greater than ever before, for all Americans. This is our vision. This is our mission. But we can only get there together. We are one people, with one destiny.
We all bleed the same blood. We all salute the same great American flag. And we are all made by the same God.
(APPLAUSE)
When we fulfill this vision, when we celebrate our 250 years of glorious freedom, we will look back on tonight as when this new chapter of American greatness began. The time for small thinking is over. The time for trivial fights is behind us. We just need the courage to share the dreams that fill our hearts, the bravery to express the hopes that stir our souls, and the confidence to turn those hopes and those dreams into action.
From now on, America will be empowered by our aspirations, not burdened by our fears, inspired by the future, not bound by failures of the past, and guided by a vision, not blinded by our doubts.
I am asking all citizens to embrace this renewal of the American spirit. I am asking all members of Congress to join me in dreaming big and bold and daring things for our country. I am asking everyone watching tonight to seize this moment. Believe in yourselves. Believe in your future. And believe, once more, in America.
Thank you, God bless you, and God bless the United States.



ARTICLE
During President Trump’s meeting with dozens of leaders of historically black universities on Monday, Kellyanne Conway, the White House counselor, made herself at home in the Oval Office. She hopped onto a couch, sat back on her heels and tapped on her phone.
This impromptu manner of sitting is common in living rooms across America, but not in the Oval Office. And there are more important things underway in the White House: an ambitious budget, health care (it’s complicated!) and a presidential address to Congress on Tuesday. But Ms. Conway’s posture was all the kindling a hair-triggered public needed to ignite a battle over decorum.
For those watching closely — and millions are — this seemed like the latest flouting of protocol by an administration that has showed a penchant for spontaneity and a willingness to ignore unwritten rules of White House life. When Mr. Trump invited Justin Trudeau, the Canadian prime minister, into the Oval Office in early February, his daughter Ivanka, normally considered the most polished member of the family, was criticized for taking an impromptu seat at her father’s desk. On the other end of the spectrum, Stephen K. Bannon, the president’s chief strategist, has been targeted for dressing too casually. And the first lady does not yet live in Washington.
But Ms. Conway’s willingness to sit casually on a couch seemed a step too far. To Pamela Eyring, president of the Protocol School of Washington, whose programs focus on etiquette, it just looked a lot like a “rookie protocol mistake.”
Ms. Eyring said the photos of Ms. Conway probably negated whatever message of unity Mr. Trump was trying to project.
“The whole media opportunity to show the good will and the collaboration showing what the president is trying to do is gone now,” Ms. Eyring said. “Let the media take the shot instead of you trying to stand on furniture.”
On Twitter, people categorized the episode as an outrage, an opportunity for laughs or an overblown controversy.
“Liberals are losing their mind because Kellyanne Conway is kneeling on a couch and ‘not treating furniture with respect,’” wrote Jack Murphy, who posts extensively on Twitter about the president. He then shared nine photos of former President Barack Obama with his feet propped up on desks and chairs in the White House.
Others said the faux pas was not about the desecration of furniture. Instead, they felt that Ms. Conway, who serves a president who has been known to make racially charged or tone-deaf statements, had shown disrespect while she was among dozens of black leaders.
“Now, you can’t expect us to take this ‘meeting’ seriously when this is the setting,” wrote DeRay Mckesson, a prominent figure in the Black Lives Matter movement.
The initial purpose of the meeting — one meant to build relationships between the Trump administration and historically black colleges — was quickly overshadowed by photos of Ms. Conway, which were quickly chopped up and repurposed as memes. (A statement from Betsy DeVos, the education secretary, calling these schools “pioneers when it comes to school choice,” on the other hand, received plenty of attention.)
In this hyper-polarized social media environment, while photos are perfect fodder for jokes and nuance-free arguments, pictures don’t always tell the whole truth. In the moment, Ms. Conway was observing a hastily arranged photo op where dozens of people were waved into the office by Omarosa Manigault, the director of communications for the Office of Public Liaison, according to Stephen Crowley, a New York Times photographer who was in the room.
“It was just chaos as they were bringing in dozens of people,” Mr. Crowley said. “I didn’t even notice Kellyanne, it was just so chaotic.”
Mr. Crowley added that, in the moment, Ms. Conway’s movements suggested that she was making an effort to duck out of the way of pool photographers.
Hope Hicks, a White House spokeswoman, did not respond to a request for comment. But on Tuesday evening, Ms. Conway addressed the photos during an interview with Lou Dobbs on the Fox Business Network. “I was asked to take a certain angle and was doing exactly that. I certainly meant no disrespect,” Ms. Conway said. “I didn’t mean to have my feet on the couch.”
Ms. Eyring, of the protocol school, suggested that it would be a lesson learned for the future.
“We call that scar tissue,” she said.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Congressional Republicans, racked by divisions over health care, taxes and spending, are increasingly desperate for leadership from the White House to unite the party and point the way toward consensus.
But presidential leadership does not appear to be forthcoming, leaving the party largely paralyzed at a moment it had thought would be full of legislative activity.
“The White House is huge,” said Senator John Thune, Republican of South Dakota. “The president is the only person who can sign a bill into law, so he’s the guy that ultimately holds the whip hand when it comes to this getting done.”
As congressional leaders struggle to clear the first major legislative hurdle of the Trump era — a bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act — their talks with the White House, though not infrequent, have failed to advance any coherent, cohesive policy prescription. Repealing the health care law is the Republicans’ first step toward enacting their broader agenda.
So far, President Trump, seeking to project an image of a man of action, has preferred attention-grabbing executive actions over closed-door engagement with Congress.
In the absence of presidential leadership, the most fiscally conservative House Republicans have stepped forward to demand that the health care law be whittled to near nothingness. More moderate senators are insisting on a replacement plan with many of the current law’s popular components.
Both sides are pressing hard to sway lawmakers working on draft legislation that would roll back the Affordable Care Act’s expansion of Medicaid, replace the subsidies offered in the insurance marketplaces with tax credits to buy coverage, and eliminate tax penalties for people who do not have health insurance.
After weeks of loud protests across the country from voters who are fearful of losing their health care, Republican governors complicated matters further this week by joining Democrats in a call for a replacement plan that would ensure coverage for the 20 million Americans who gained insurance under the Affordable Care Act.
“I’d like to hear a renewed commitment to repealing the law,” said Senator Mike Lee, Republican of Utah — another sign of just how far the party is from unity.
Democrats, who have been dismissed as obstructionists by Republicans determined to repeal and replace the law without them, are sitting by quietly waiting for those efforts to fail. At that point, Democrats believe, Republicans will have to reach across the aisle and repair the law.
“We’ve maintained all along there is room to negotiate,” said Senator Brian Schatz, Democrat of Hawaii. “But only if they abandon their attempt to repeal the law.”
While he has seen no moves toward cooperation yet, “they are in a world of hurt,” Mr. Schatz said of Republicans, “because none of their plans add up, and their members are starting to figure this out and the public is starting to figure this out, and they don’t have Obama as a foil anymore. I think they need to fail first.”
Senator Claire McCaskill, Democrat of Missouri, who has long offered to help fix the law, said she had heard from only one Republican colleague, Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee, since the end of last year. “I don’t think Republicans have decided what they’re waiting for,” she said. “The White House or Godot.”
Many Republicans seem to be resigned to seeking consensus on health care legislation, as well as on a budget and tax reform, without comprehensive White House guidance.
Representative Michael McCaul, Republican of Texas and the chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee, said he was relying less on a signal from Mr. Trump than on behind-the-scenes discussions between lawmakers and the administration to “get the details filled in.”
Those details include how Mr. Trump plans to fund his call for a 10 percent increase in military spending, Mr. McCaul said. “From a budget standpoint, these numbers are difficult to crunch,” he said. “We as Republicans want a stronger national defense. That money’s got to come from someplace. That’s where the hard decisions have to be made.”
Mr. Trump’s aversion to making big changes to two of the costliest government programs, Medicare and Social Security — something Republicans generally crave — is not helping matters. “That makes it even more difficult,” Mr. McCaul said.
The president’s budget outline, unveiled this week, has something for almost every Republican to hate, from the lack of so-called entitlement reform to large proposed cuts at the State Department.
“Speaking for myself,” said Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican leader, “I think the diplomatic portion of the federal budget is very important, and you get results a lot cheaper, frequently, than you do on the defense side. So, speaking for myself, I’m not in favor” of huge reductions at the State Department.
Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, called those cuts “dead in the water” for him.
Many of Mr. Trump’s direct contributions to the legislative process have happened through the news media, as he has signaled his priorities in interviews that have sometimes left congressional Republicans scrambling to decipher his intentions.
Representative Eric Swalwell, Democrat of California, said some of his Republican colleagues were frustrated by their inability to move forward. “They’re reading about what he wants to do at the same time I am in the paper,” he said.
Six weeks after Mr. Trump said Republicans would provide a replacement plan for the Affordable Care Act that offered “insurance for everybody,” Speaker Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin is fighting to reconcile his party’s competing priorities while also contending with the occasional messaging complication from the White House.
“This is a plan that we are all working on together: the House, the Senate, the White House,” Mr. Ryan said Tuesday. “We’re all working on this together with the administration.”



ARTICLE
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. — President Trump on Saturday accused former President Barack Obama of tapping his phones at Trump Tower the month before the election, leveling the explosive allegation without offering any evidence.
Mr. Trump called his predecessor a “bad (or sick) guy” on Twitter as he fired off a series of messages claiming that Mr. Obama “had my ‘wires tapped.’” He likened the supposed tapping to “Nixon/Watergate” and “McCarthyism,” though he did not say where he had gotten his information.
A spokesman for Mr. Obama said any suggestion that the former president had ordered such surveillance was “simply false.”
During the 2016 campaign, the federal authorities began an investigation into links between Trump associates and the Russian government, an issue that continues to dog Mr. Trump. His aides declined to clarify on Saturday whether the president’s allegations were based on briefings from intelligence or law enforcement officials — which could mean that Mr. Trump was revealing previously unknown details about the investigation — or on something else, like a news report.
But a senior White House official said that Donald F. McGahn II, the president’s chief counsel, was working to secure access to what Mr. McGahn believed to be an order issued by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court authorizing some form of surveillance related to Mr. Trump and his associates.
The official offered no evidence to support the notion that such an order exists. It would be a highly unusual breach of the Justice Department’s traditional independence on law enforcement matters for the White House to order it to turn over such an investigative document.
Any request for information from a top White House official about a continuing investigation would be a stunning departure from protocols intended to insulate the F.B.I. from political pressure. It would be even more surprising for the White House to seek information about a case directly involving the president or his advisers, as does the case involving the Russia contacts.
After the White House received heavy criticism for the suggestion that Mr. McGahn would breach Justice Department independence, a different administration official said that the earlier statements about his efforts had been overstated. The official said the counsel’s office was looking at whether there was any legal possibility of gleaning information without impeding or interfering with an investigation. The counsel’s office does not know whether an investigation exists, the official said.
Last month, Reince Priebus, the White House chief of staff, came under fire for asking a top F.B.I. official to publicly rebut news reports about contacts between Trump campaign officials and the Russian government.
Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said in a statement that the “White House counsel is reviewing what options, if any, are available to us.” Mr. McGahn did not respond to a request for comment. He was traveling on Saturday to Florida to join the president at his estate, Mar-a-Lago.
The president’s decision on Saturday to lend the power of his office to accusations against his predecessor of politically motivated wiretapping — without offering any proof — was remarkable, even for a leader who has repeatedly shown himself willing to make assertions that are false or based on dubious sources.
It would have been difficult for federal agents, working within the law, to obtain a wiretap order to target Mr. Trump’s phone conversations. It would have meant that the Justice Department had gathered sufficient evidence to convince a federal judge that there was probable cause to believe Mr. Trump had committed a serious crime or was an agent of a foreign power, depending on whether it was a criminal investigation or a foreign intelligence one.
Former officials pointed to longstanding laws and procedures intended to ensure that presidents cannot wiretap a rival for political purposes.
“A cardinal rule of the Obama administration was that no White House official ever interfered with any independent investigation led by the Department of Justice,” said Kevin Lewis, a spokesman for Mr. Obama. “As part of that practice, neither President Obama nor any White House official ever ordered surveillance on any U.S. citizen.”
Mr. Trump asserted just the opposite in a series of five Twitter messages beginning just minutes before sunrise in Florida, where the president is spending the weekend.
In the first message, the president said he had “just found out” that “Obama had my ‘wires tapped’ in Trump Tower” before the election. Mr. Trump’s reference to “wires tapped” raised the possibility that he was referring to some other type of electronic surveillance and was using the idea of phone tapping loosely.
The president was adamant in conversations with several people throughout the day on Saturday that he believed he was right about the wiretaps, according to three people with direct knowledge of those conversations.
Two people close to Mr. Trump said they believed he was referring to a Breitbart News article, which aides said had been passed around among his advisers. Mark Levin, a conservative radio host, had also embraced the theory recently in a push against what right-leaning commentators have been calling the “deep state.”
The Breitbart article, published on Friday, claimed that there was a series of “known steps taken by President Barack Obama’s administration in its last months to undermine Donald Trump’s presidential campaign and, later, his new administration.” Stephen K. Bannon, Mr. Trump’s chief strategist, once led Breitbart News.
If Mr. Trump was motivated to take to Twitter after reading the Breitbart article or listening to Mr. Levin, he was using a presidential megaphone to spread dark theories of a broad conspiracy aimed at undermining his presidential ambitions, and later his presidency.
Even with the Breitbart article circulating, several of Mr. Trump’s advisers were stunned by the president’s morning Twitter outburst. Those advisers said they were uncertain about what specifically Mr. Trump was referring to; one surmised that he may also have been referring to a months-old news report about a secret surveillance warrant for communications at his New York offices.
One senior law enforcement official from the Obama administration, who has direct knowledge of the F.B.I. investigation into Russia and of government wiretapping, said that it was “100 percent untrue” that the government had wiretapped Mr. Trump. The official, who asked for anonymity to discuss matters related to investigations and intelligence, said the White House owed the American people an explanation for the president’s allegations.
Ben Rhodes, a former top national security aide to Mr. Obama, said in a Twitter message directed at Mr. Trump on Saturday that “no president can order a wiretap” and added, “Those restrictions were put in place to protect citizens from people like you.”
The House and Senate Intelligence Committees are moving forward with their own investigations into Russia’s efforts to influence the election, and they have said they will examine links between Mr. Trump’s associates and the Russians.
Senator Chris Coons, Democrat of Delaware, said on Friday that he believed there were “transcripts” that would help document those contacts, though he said he had not yet seen them.
“There are transcripts that provide very helpful, very critical insights into whether or not Russian intelligence or senior Russian political leaders — including Vladimir Putin — were cooperating, were colluding, with the Trump campaign at the highest levels to influence the outcome of our election,” Mr. Coons told Andrea Mitchell on MSNBC. “I believe they exist.”
In a written statement on Saturday, a spokesman for Mr. Coons said that the senator “did not imply that he is aware of transcripts indicating collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russians.” The spokesman, Sean Coit, said Mr. Coons had “simply stated that a full review of all relevant transcripts and intelligence intercepts is necessary to determine if collusion took place.”
The New York Times reported in January that among the associates whose links to Russia are being scrutinized are Paul Manafort, Mr. Trump’s onetime campaign chairman; Carter Page, a businessman and foreign policy adviser to the campaign; and Roger Stone, a longtime Republican operative who said he was in touch with WikiLeaks at one point before it released a trove of emails from John D. Podesta, Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman, last August. Mr. Stone later said he had communicated with WikiLeaks through an intermediary.
Mr. Trump appeared on Saturday to suggest that warrants had been issued by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court. He claimed that the Obama administration had once been “turned down by court” in its supposed efforts to listen in on conversations by Mr. Trump and his associates.
In the fall, the F.B.I. examined computer data showing an odd stream of activity between a Trump Organization server and Alfa Bank, one of Russia’s biggest banks, whose owners have longstanding links to Mr. Putin. While some F.B.I. officials initially believed that the computer activity indicated an encrypted channel between Moscow and New York, the bureau ultimately moved away from that view. The activity remains unexplained.
There is no confirmed evidence that the F.B.I. obtained a court warrant to wiretap the Trump Organization or was capturing communications directly from the Trump Organization.
During the transition, the F.B.I. — which uses FISA warrants to eavesdrop on the communications of foreign leaders inside the United States — overheard conversations between the Russian ambassador to the United States and Michael T. Flynn, whom Mr. Trump had named national security adviser.
Mr. Trump has pointedly and repeatedly questioned in conversations how it was that Mr. Flynn’s conversations were recorded, and wondered who could have issued a warrant.
After The Washington Post reported that Mr. Flynn and the ambassador, Sergey I. Kislyak, had discussed sanctions that the Obama administration had just imposed on Russia, Mr. Flynn was pushed out of his post by the White House because he had lied to Vice President Mike Pence about the nature of the calls.
The Breitbart article cited mainstream news reports and concluded — going beyond the public record — that the Obama administration had “obtained authorization to eavesdrop on the Trump campaign; continued monitoring the Trump team even when no evidence of wrongdoing was found; then relaxed the N.S.A. rules to allow evidence to be shared widely within the government.”
Mr. Levin, a day earlier, railed about what he called a “much bigger scandal,” claiming — again with no proof — that Mr. Obama and his aides had used “the instrumentalities of the federal government, intelligence activity, to surveil members of the Trump campaign and put that information out in the public.”
Several senior members of Mr. Trump’s White House staff did not respond to an email requesting on-the-record responses to more than a half-dozen questions about Mr. Trump’s Twitter posts.
Representative Adam B. Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, denounced the “willingness of the nation’s chief executive to make the most outlandish and destructive claims without providing a scintilla of evidence to support them.”
Even some Republican lawmakers questioned Mr. Trump’s accusations. Senator Ben Sasse of Nebraska issued a statement demanding that the president reveal everything he knows about any wiretaps or warrants.
“The president today made some very serious allegations, and the informed citizens that a republic requires deserve more information,” Mr. Sasse said, adding that “we are in the midst of a civilization-warping crisis of public trust.”
Taping calls seems to hold a spot in Mr. Trump’s consciousness. He spent many years taping his own phone calls as a businessman. During the campaign, Mr. Trump’s staff members told reporters they feared that their offices were being bugged.
But Mr. Trump’s latest allegations represented a sharp change in his tone toward Mr. Obama.
The current president has frequently spoken about how much he admires Mr. Obama for the gracious way he handled the transition. But since taking office, Mr. Trump has frequently clashed with the intelligence agencies over the Russia inquiries, including efforts to examine the attempts by that country to influence the presidential election and the contacts between Mr. Trump’s aides and the Russian government.
In recent days, the president has appeared increasingly angry about leaks of information that he believes are coming from law enforcement and intelligence officials who are holdovers or recently departed from Mr. Obama’s administration.
People close to Mr. Trump have described him as determined to stop those people from sabotaging his administration. One adviser said on Friday that the president had been discussing a possible plan to try to prevent leaks from occurring. The adviser declined to elaborate on what the plan might entail.
Two senior administration officials said Mr. Trump had tried for two days to find a way to be on an offensive footing against the news articles resulting from leaks; one person close to Mr. Trump said his explosive claim was a result of that.
Mr. Trump’s mood was said to be volatile even before he departed for his weekend in Florida, with an episode in which he vented at his staff. The president’s ire was trained in particular on Mr. McGahn, his White House counsel, according to two people briefed on the matter.
Mr. Trump was said to be frustrated about the decision by Jeff Sessions, his attorney general, to recuse himself from participating in any investigations of connections between the Trump campaign and Russia. Mr. Trump has said there were no such connections. Mr. Trump, who did not learn that Mr. Sessions was recusing himself until after the decision was made, told aides that it gave an opening to his critics on the Russia issue.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The Trump administration is expected to begin rolling back stringent federal regulations on vehicle pollution that contributes to global warming, according to people familiar with the matter, essentially marking a U-turn to efforts to force the American auto industry to produce more electric cars.
The announcement — which is expected as soon as Tuesday and will be made jointly by the Environmental Protection Agency administrator, Scott Pruitt, and the transportation secretary, Elaine L. Chao — will immediately start to undo one of former President Barack Obama’s most significant environmental legacies.
During the same week, and possibly on the same day, Mr. Trump is expected to direct Mr. Pruitt to begin the more lengthy and legally complex process of dismantling the Clean Power Plan, Mr. Obama’s rules to cut planet-warming pollution from coal-fired power plants.
The regulatory rollback on vehicle pollution will relax restrictions on tailpipe emissions of carbon dioxide and will not require action by Congress. It will also have a major effect on the United States auto industry.
Under the Obama administration’s vehicle fuel economy standards, American automakers were locked into nearly a decade of trying to design and build ever more sophisticated fuel-efficient vehicles, including electric and hybrid models. The nation’s largest auto companies told Mr. Trump last month that they found those technical requirements too burdensome.
The E.P.A. will also begin legal proceedings to revoke a waiver for California that was allowing the state to enforce the tougher tailpipe standards for its drivers.
E.P.A. officials did not respond to emails requesting comment on the move.
On Feb. 21, a coalition of the 17 largest companies that sell cars in the United States sent two letters to Mr. Pruitt, asking him to revisit the tailpipe rules. They said it may be “the single most important decision the E.P.A. has made in recent history.”
They complained about the steep technical challenge posed by the stringent standard, noting that only about 3.5 percent of new vehicles are able to reach it. That even excludes some hybrid cars, plug-in electric cars and fuel cell vehicles, the automakers wrote. “Even today, no conventional vehicle today meets that target.”
The automakers estimated their industry would have to spend a “staggering” $200 billion between 2012 and 2025 to comply and said the tailpipe emissions rule was far more expensive for the industry than enforcing the Clean Power Plan.
Former Obama administration officials and environmentalists denounced Mr. Trump’s expected announcement.
“The rest of the world is moving forward with electric cars. If the Trump administration goes backward, the U.S. won’t be able to compete globally,” said Margo T. Oge, a former senior E.P.A. official and the author of “Driving the Future: Combating Climate Change With Cleaner, Smarter Cars.”
“This means they’ll just keep polluting,” said S. William Becker, the executive director of the National Association of Clean Air Agencies. He also predicted that “if this administration goes after the California waiver, there will be an all-out brawl between Trump and California and the other states that will defend its program.”
The tailpipe pollution regulations were among Mr. Obama’s major initiatives to reduce global warming and were put forth jointly by the E.P.A. and the Transportation Department. They would have forced automakers to build passenger cars that achieve an average of 54.5 miles per gallon by 2025, compared with about 36 miles per gallon today.
Eventually achieving those targets would have drastically reduced the nation’s vehicle tailpipe pollution, which accounts for about a third of the United States’ total greenhouse gas emissions.
Those regulations are locked into place for vehicle model years through 2021, and just before Mr. Trump took office, the E.P.A. put forth a final rule intended to cement them for vehicles built from 2022 through 2025. However, the E.P.A. did not jointly release its plan to do so with the Transportation Department, leaving a legal loophole for the Trump administration to take advantage of.
The E.P.A.’s Clean Power Plan regulations, which would cut climate-warming pollution from power plants, will probably be much harder for Mr. Pruitt to undo. He will have to legally withdraw the existing rule and propose a new rule to replace it, a process that could take up to two years and is expected to be fraught with legal challenges and delays along the way.
The effort to undo the tailpipe standards will be much more legally simple. After withdrawing the Obama administration’s requirement for model years 2022 through 2025, the Trump administration will have a year to put forth an alternative set of efficiency standards, people familiar with the matter said.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — During the 2016 campaign, Donald J. Trump’s second campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, had regular communications with his longtime associate — a former Russian military translator in Kiev who has been investigated in Ukraine on suspicion of being a Russian intelligence agent.
At the Republican National Convention in July, J. D. Gordon, a former Pentagon official on Mr. Trump’s national security team, met with the Russian ambassador, Sergey Kislyak, at a time when Mr. Gordon was helping keep hawkish language on Russia’s conflict with Ukraine out of the party’s platform.
And Jason Greenblatt, a former Trump Organization lawyer and now a special representative for international negotiations at the White House, met last summer with Rabbi Berel Lazar, the chief rabbi of Russia and an ally of Russia’s president, Vladimir V. Putin.
In a Washington atmosphere supercharged by the finding of the intelligence agencies that Mr. Putin tried to steer the election to Mr. Trump, as well as continuing F.B.I. and congressional investigations, a growing list of Russian contacts with Mr. Trump’s associates is getting intense and skeptical scrutiny.
Democrats see suspicious connections and inaccurate denials as part of a pattern that belies Mr. Trump’s adamant insistence that he and his associates “have nothing to do with Russia.” The president’s supporters say innocuous encounters, routine for any incoming presidential team, are being treated for political reasons as somehow subversive.
Mr. Trump denounced the furor over Russian connections on Thursday as a “total witch hunt” — but it may not have helped his case that the Russian foreign minister, Sergey V. Lavrov, echoed his words on Friday, saying, “This all looks like a witch hunt.”
On Friday, Mr. Trump posted a picture on Twitter of a meeting between Mr. Putin and Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, and wrote that “we should start an immediate investigation into @SenSchumer and his ties to Russia and Putin.”
The issue has already had momentous consequences for the new administration. Michael T. Flynn lasted less than a month as national security adviser before being forced out for mischaracterizing his conversations with Mr. Kislyak. This week, Attorney General Jeff Sessions admitted to having meetings with Mr. Kislyak that he had not disclosed during his confirmation hearing.
Mr. Sessions fended off demands that he resign but agreed to recuse himself from what may be the most important investigation his Justice Department is conducting: of Russian meddling in the election and whether any of Mr. Trump’s associates colluded in those efforts. And that did not end the issue; all nine Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee called on Friday for Mr. Sessions to testify about his inaccurate denials that he had met with Russian officials during the campaign.
Part of the problem underlying disputes over such contacts may be Mr. Trump’s pugnacious style, which usually leaves little room for nuance. At a news conference last month, he said that he had “nothing to do with Russia,” and that “to the best of my knowledge, no person that I deal with does.”
In fact, vigorous reporting by multiple news media organizations is turning up multiple contacts between Trump associates and Russians who serve in or are close to Mr. Putin’s government. There have been courtesy calls, policy discussions and business contacts, though nothing has emerged publicly indicating anything more sinister. A dossier of allegations on Trump-Russia contacts, compiled by a former British intelligence agent for Mr. Trump’s political opponents, includes unproven claims that his aides collaborated in Russia’s hacking of Democratic targets.
Current and former American officials have said that phone records and intercepted calls show that members of Mr. Trump’s 2016 presidential campaign and other Trump associates had repeated contacts with senior Russian intelligence officials in the year before the election.
Former diplomats and Russia specialists say it would have been absurd and contrary to American interests for the Trump team to avoid meetings with Russians, either during or since the campaign.
John R. Beyrle, the United States ambassador to Moscow from 2008 to 2012, said he feared that “we’re beginning to out-Russian the Russians” by treating all contacts as suspicious. When he returns to Russia now, he said, “this real anti-Western, anti-American frenzy” prompts some old acquaintances to refuse to meet him because they worry about being tagged as too friendly to the United States.
“That’s the last behavior we should model — that simply meeting with a Russian official is wrong, without any knowledge of what was said,” Mr. Beyrle said.
In a possible sign that Mr. Trump hopes to put behind him the impression that he is an uncritical admirer of Mr. Putin, he is expected to name Fiona Hill, a respected Brookings scholar, to the top Russia post at the National Security Council, according to administration officials.
Ms. Hill, who served as national intelligence officer for Russia and Eurasia from 2006 to 2009, is viewed as a Putin skeptic, if not as outspoken in her criticism of the Russian leader as are some other academics. Angela Stent, a Russia expert at Georgetown, said Ms. Hill was “realistic about Putin” and praised the 2013 book she wrote with Clifford G. Gaddy, “Mr. Putin: Operative in the Kremlin,” as the best biography of the Russian leader.
It might take a Russia scholar to unpack the significance of particular meetings that are now coming to light in the glare of investigations and bare-knuckle politics.
Rabbi Lazar, who has condemned critics of Mr. Putin’s actions in Ukraine, is the leader of the Hasidic Chabad-Lubavitch group in Russia, where it is a powerful organization running dozens of schools and offering social services across the country, while maintaining links to a lucrative financial donor network.
Mr. Greenblatt, who handled outreach to Jews for the campaign, said that Rabbi Lazar was one of several Chabad leaders he had met during the campaign. He said the two men did not discuss broader United States-Russia relations and called the meeting “probably less than useful.”
Rabbi Lazar said they had spoken about anti-Semitism in Russia, Russian Jews in Israel and Russian society in general. While he meets with Mr. Putin once or twice a year, he said, he never discussed his meeting with Mr. Greenblatt with Kremlin officials.
Joshua Nass, a public relations executive in New York, confirmed arranging the meeting between Mr. Lazar and Mr. Greenblatt.
Mr. Gordon, the former Pentagon official, portrayed his meeting with Mr. Kislyak at the Republican convention — first reported by USA Today — as similarly unremarkable. After a panel discussion, he said, he spoke briefly with “dozens of ambassadors and senior diplomats” including Mr. Kislyak. During a brief chat with the ambassador, Mr. Gordon said, he “repeated some of the points made by the campaign on the importance of improving relations with Russia” but did not get into substantive policy matters.
At a meeting to draft the Republican platform, Mr. Gordon, representing Mr. Trump’s views, opposed a delegate who wanted to call for providing “lethal defensive weapons” to Ukraine. Mr. Gordon said that proposal “was soundly defeated by the other delegates in the national security subcommittee meeting.”
There was no connection, he insisted, between his chat with Mr. Kislyak and the platform language. “Unfortunately some in the media have repeatedly tried to connect the dots where there was nothing to connect,” he said.
The case of Konstantin V. Kilimnik, who was previously the Kiev manager of Mr. Manafort’s consulting company, Davis Manafort International, is more complicated. A dual citizen of Russia and Ukraine, Mr. Kilimnik worked years ago as a translator in the Russian military. He was hired by Mr. Manafort in 2005 after he was dismissed from the Moscow office of the International Republican Institute, an American democracy-building group, amid concerns that he was informing on its activities, according to a former employee, who said he could not speak publicly about personnel matters.
From August until December of last year, Mr. Kilimnik was at least formally under investigation in Ukraine on suspicion of ties to Russian spy agencies, according to documents from Ukraine’s Parliament and the prosecutor general. A defense lawyer and a former Ukrainian prosecutor characterized the investigation as unserious and politically motivated, and the inquiry closed without charges against Mr. Kilimnik.
Mr. Kilimnik, in an interview in Kiev, said he had never been questioned by Ukrainian law enforcement over connections to Russian spy agencies. “If there were any truth to me talking to any security service in the world, they would arrest me,” he said.
In a recent interview, Mr. Manafort said he thought there was no chance Mr. Kilimnik was a Russian agent. In their phone calls last summer, he said, the two men discussed a range of matters — including news media reports that Russia was behind the hacking of Democratic targets. But at the time, he said, he and other Trump campaign officials had no idea who was responsible for the cyberattacks.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — It was a stroke of luck that landed Neil M. Gorsuch in the chambers of Justice Anthony M. Kennedy on a summer day nearly a quarter-century ago.
Then 25 and fresh off a year at Oxford, Judge Gorsuch had been hired by Justice Byron R. White for the most coveted apprenticeship in American law — a Supreme Court clerkship. But because Justice White had retired, Judge Gorsuch was also assigned, by happenstance, to Justice Kennedy, the longtime center of power at the Supreme Court.
His year as a clerk, beginning in the summer of 1993, gave Judge Gorsuch a privileged look at the court’s workings and a crash course in its unrelenting caseload and internal politics. As Judge Brett M. Kavanaugh of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, and a fellow law clerk to Justice Kennedy that year, observed, “We were in the middle of everything.”
It also produced something else: a lasting bond between an ambitious, already staunchly conservative clerk and a justice, three decades his senior, whose style and temperament appear to have rubbed off on him, even if the justice’s more moderate views did not.
Almost 25 years later, as Judge Gorsuch, now 49, awaits his own confirmation to the court, his relationship with Justice Kennedy has become a matter of intense interest, as both Democrats and Republicans look for evidence of how it might shape the court’s near future.
The White House hopes the bond matters to Justice Kennedy, too. In choosing Judge Gorsuch to replace Justice Antonin Scalia and floating the names of other former Kennedy clerks for the next Supreme Court vacancy, administration officials have sought to reassure Justice Kennedy, 80, that the court will be in good hands should he choose to retire and open a seat for another, younger justice.
While Judge Gorsuch learned a great deal in Justice Kennedy’s chambers, the lessons seem to have been more personal than political.
“There were a lot of ideologues both left and right, and he wasn’t one of them,” said Stephen F. Smith, who served as a law clerk to Justice Clarence Thomas that same term and is now a law professor at the University of Notre Dame. “He was careful, quiet.”
Judge Gorsuch’s critics say his own mild and courteous manner masks a fierce commitment to a right-wing agenda, and political scientists say he is likely to vote with the court’s most conservative justices rather than with Justice Kennedy. In closely divided cases, Justice Kennedy often holds the crucial vote, and he generally leans right. He wrote the majority opinion, for instance, in the Citizens United campaign finance case.
But in recent years, Justice Kennedy has joined the court’s four-member liberal wing in major cases establishing a right to same-sex marriage, protecting abortion rights and upholding affirmative action.
“It’s safe to say that little of Justice Kennedy rubbed off on him when it comes to certain critical areas of the law,” Nan Aron, the president of the Alliance for Justice, a liberal group, said of Judge Gorsuch.
On the federal appeals court in Denver for more than a decade, Judge Gorsuch has cited Justice Kennedy by name from time to time. But he has been much more likely to cite Justice Scalia.
To his fellow law clerks, Judge Gorsuch was neither particularly dogmatic nor calculating. Instead, interviews with more than a dozen clerks and a review of papers housed at the Library of Congress paint a picture of someone with a dogged work ethic, an understated but appealing presence and a sense of fairness tempered by cautious judgment.
Justice Kennedy taught his law clerks by example, Judge Kavanaugh said, instilling in them an independent frame of mind and a “gentlemanly tone.”
“A lot of us have tried to emulate that in our careers,” Judge Kavanaugh said. “Neil has exemplified that better than anybody.”
Judge Gorsuch arrived at the court in the summer of 1993 in the aftermath of a bruising term. The fallout of a divisive abortion case, Planned Parenthood v. Casey, had left the justices eager to produce a quieter one in its wake.
Judge Gorsuch’s term at the court was not without notable decisions; the court issued significant rulings on discrimination in jury selection, protests outside abortion clinics, voting rights, religious schools and copyright infringement for song parodies. But none qualified as a blockbuster.
Though he worked in the chambers of Justice Kennedy as a “step clerk,” as well as for Justice White (retired justices remain entitled to a clerk), idiosyncratic hiring practices may have helped him.
“Look, there are a hundred people a year that could do the job adequately,” Justice White once said, according his biographer, Dennis J. Hutchinson. “I might as well have someone who’s interesting, and that doesn’t mean the ones the fancy law professors recommend.”
That Justice White was partial to candidates from his home state, Colorado, and who had spent time at Oxford, where the justice had been a Rhodes Scholar, most likely helped Judge Gorsuch’s application stand out, said two law clerks who worked for Justice White, David D. Meyer and John C. P. Goldberg.
“Justice White probably would have seen echoes of himself in a way in Neil,” said Mr. Meyer, who is now the dean of Tulane University Law School.
Todd C. Peppers, who teaches at Roanoke College and has written extensively about Supreme Court law clerks, said Judge Gorsuch’s academic credentials might have glittered just a little less brightly than those of some of the clerks hired by active justices.
“He did not serve as an editor on The Harvard Law Review,” Professor Peppers said. “Moreover, he ‘only’ graduated cum laude — which suggests that his grades might not have been as high as the typical Supreme Court law clerk.”
Even clerks who worked for a single justice remembered a merciless workload. “It was the definition of a 24/7 job,” said Landis C. Best, who worked for Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and is now a partner at Cahill Gordon & Reindel in New York.
Judge Gorsuch cut an impressive, if not particularly ideological, figure. Surrounded by a class of elite law graduates that included a handful of future federal judges and acclaimed academics, his “quiet intelligence” was notable, said Louis Feldman, who clerked for Justice Scalia that year.
“Some people just have that aura around them,” Mr. Feldman said. “You know this is someone who has the ability and the personality to go far in the legal world.”
Mostly, Judge Gorsuch was affable and unflappable. He was not, by several former colleagues’ accounts, a member of the regular pickup basketball games in the Supreme Court’s fifth-floor gym, known around the building as the “highest court in the land.” But he was a regular at clerk social events and occasional lunches hosted by each of the justices.
“He seemed very calm, measured, thoughtful, polite, gentlemanly — very much like what one notices about him now,” said Eugene Volokh, who clerked for Justice Sandra Day O’Connor and now teaches at the University of California, Los Angeles.
“He fit into the place very easily,” said Judge Kavanaugh, who is himself on the White House’s short list for the next Supreme Court vacancy. “He’s just an easy guy to get along with. He doesn’t have sharp elbows.”
Justice Kennedy, like most justices then and now, assigned his law clerks to a shared labor pool that streamlined the work of reviewing incoming cases to make recommendations about which petitions should be granted.
Judge Gorsuch’s memorandums, which are available in the papers of Justice Harry A. Blackmun, were thorough and fair-minded.
In one, there are glimmers of the light touch that would characterize his later writing. In summarizing a petition from a civil servant fired by the Army, Judge Gorsuch seemed to suppress a smile. “Petitioner discusses at length General William Tecumseh Sherman’s decision to march through Georgia,” he wrote, “and then turns to describe in detail the technology of modern attack helicopters.”
Though his conservative political views were already well developed when he arrived at the court, Judge Gorsuch gave little overt indication of his positions as he researched and discussed cases in Justice Kennedy’s chambers.
“We had a wide range of views, but we all really got along well,” Judge Kavanaugh said of the five clerks that term, who were chosen in part to represent different points on the political spectrum.
When in 2006 Judge Gorsuch joined the United States Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit, Justice Kennedy administered the oath to him in Denver and delivered a reminder of that principle.
Explaining its significance to the judge’s two young daughters, Justice Kennedy said, “He’s doing it to remind all of us that the first obligation any American has is to defend and protect the Constitution of the United States.”



ARTICLE
ORANGE COUNTY, Fla. — President Trump on Friday hailed a Florida school tuition assistance program as the future of education, joining Betsy DeVos, his education secretary, at a Catholic elementary classroom to kick off an intense political battle on behalf of school choice in America.
The president and Ms. DeVos, who for years championed school vouchers as an antidote to failing schools and falling test scores, met with parents, teachers and students at St. Andrew Catholic School, which has embraced a Florida program that uses public money to allow low-income students to attend private schools.
Hundreds of low-income students, many of them African-Americans, attend the private religious school thanks to tuition assistance from the Florida Tax Credit scholarship program. Critics say it diverts money that would otherwise go to the state’s public school system.
Tuition at the school, just outside Orlando, is normally $6,260 per year, according to the school’s website. The Florida scholarship program allows businesses in the state to receive tax credits for donating to nonprofit scholarship organizations that give tuition assistance for students to attend schools like St. Andrew. The families’ portion of the tuition bill varies.
The program’s goals, according to the website, are to “expand education opportunities for children from families that have limited financial resources; and to enable children to achieve a greater level of excellence in their education.”
Such programs are at the heart of the promised changes that Ms. DeVos and Mr. Trump have said they will bring to federal education policy.
But they are seen by teachers unions and many Democrats as destructive to the health of public education systems, offering a false promise of choice while undermining the financial stability of public schools.
Democrats assailed Ms. DeVos for her support of vouchers during her contentious Senate confirmation hearing. But Friday’s visit to the religious school is a clear indication that she has no intention of backing down from her longstanding advocacy of the idea.
She also has the clear backing of the president, who said during his address to Congress this week that he would seek to “enrich the mind, and the souls” of children across the country.
“I am calling upon members of both parties to pass an education bill that funds school choice for disadvantaged youth, including millions of African-American and Latino children,” Mr. Trump said in the speech. “These families should be free to choose the public, private, charter, magnet, religious or home school that is right for them.”
At the school on Friday, Mr. Trump stopped in on a fourth-grade classroom where the teacher, Jane Jones, was giving a lesson about the state of Florida. The vocabulary list on the wall included definitions for “Government. US Constitution. Limit. President. Governor. Naturalization.”
“Who are we?” Latrina Peters-Gipson, the school’s principal, asked after Mr. Trump entered the room.
“We are scholars,” the students responded.
“What are our goals? Where are we going?” Ms. Peters-Gipson asked.
“College and heaven,” they said in unison.
The president posed for pictures with two of the young children, telling them, “Come on, kids. We’re going to make you famous.” As he left the classroom, he complimented two of the African-American girls.
“Oh, that hair is beautiful. I love that hair, right?” the president said.
St. Andrew school teaches children from kindergarten to eighth grade. It enrolls 291 students through Florida’s tax credit scholarship program, out of a total school enrollment of 340. In an opinion article in the Orlando Sentinel on Thursday, Ms. Peters-Gipson said the school offered “a rigorous blend of academics and faith.”
“The parents who come through our doors don’t tend to see public and private as somehow in conflict,” she said. “They’re just looking for the school that will best serve their children.”
At a round-table discussion with Mr. Trump after his visit to the classroom, Ms. Peters-Gipson and others praised the success of the scholarship program. Henry Fortier, the superintendent of Catholic schools, said that graduates of the Florida scholarship program statewide scored higher than other public school students on the SAT and had high graduation rates.
“I know that there’s a lot of controversy about school choice,” Mr. Fortier told the president. But he added: “I see it as a partnership. It’s not a situation of us versus them.”
But teachers’ groups argue that the Florida efforts to provide choice harm the state’s public schools by reducing taxpayer support for schools that are struggling, leaving the students who remain in them worse off.
Randi Weingarten, the president of the American Federation of Teachers, said in a statement that the president and the education secretary were demonstrating an “antipathy” toward public schools. “It’s sad that rather than listening to the public they are sworn to represent and who have a deep connection to public schools, Trump and DeVos’ first official joint trip is to a religious school, which they use as a backdrop for their ideological crusade,” she said.
Despite the fierce opposition from teachers and Democrats, Mr. Trump has said he will ask Congress to pass a school choice law that will clear the way for more programs like the one in Florida.
During the round-table discussion at the school, Mr. Trump quoted the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. as saying that he hoped inferior education would become a thing of the past. The president said that working toward a national school choice policy would help make that a reality.
“Betsy’s going to lead the charge, right?” Mr. Trump said, turning to his education secretary.
“You bet,” she said.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — When Richard J. Durbin joined the Senate in 1997, his junior status relegated him to an unenviable task: serving in the minority on the Governmental Affairs Committee as the Republican-led panel exhaustively examined claims of an insidious Chinese plot to help President Bill Clinton in the 1996 elections.
“We went on for months in public hearing,” said Mr. Durbin, Democrat of Illinois, who does not remember the highly partisan sessions very fondly. “Months and months.”
Republicans abruptly abandoned the inquiry when polls suggested the public was turning against it, and the investigation was generally regarded as a bust.
But the ability of Republicans to convene a summer-long media spectacle unfavorable to the White House underscores a fundamental truth as relevant today as it was then: Being in the majority matters, both in starting an investigation and, sometimes as important, in stopping one.
Despite new questions about contacts between Attorney General Jeff Sessions and a top Russian diplomat, House and Senate Republicans remain unwilling to budge from their opposition to a special bipartisan inquiry into the extent of Russian meddling in the 2016 election, and into any connections to President Trump or those close to him. Changing their mind would probably require significant revelations of the sort that would make their current stance politically untenable.
Even as Mr. Sessions recused himself on Thursday from any such investigation by the Justice Department, his former Republican colleagues on Capitol Hill were adamant that any improper conduct — and they remain very skeptical that there was any — was best investigated by the Senate Intelligence Committee, which has already begun its work.
“The Senate Intelligence Committee is the best place to determine the facts regarding Russian involvement in our elections,” said Senator Roy Blunt of Missouri, who sits on the panel and has been more aggressive than other Republicans in calling for a thorough inquiry.
“In my opinion, it would take at least six months for any new investigation to get to where the Intelligence Committee is today, and the ability to work with the intelligence community would never equal the daily communications of our bipartisan committee,” said Mr. Blunt, who added that he intended to visit C.I.A. headquarters in the next week to personally review relevant documents.
Democrats say there is another reason Republicans favor the Intelligence Committee: Its work is conducted mainly behind closed doors, sparing Mr. Trump and his allies on Capitol Hill from a regular parade of witnesses swearing to tell the truth before sober-faced senators — all of it televised live on cable news and C-Span.
From the McCarthy hearings through Watergate, Iran-contra and the Clinton impeachment, the American public has become quite familiar with the tableaux of the congressional investigation and the serious business that can be involved.
Republicans would like to avoid such a scene to the extent possible. Pursuing an investigation through the Intelligence Committee arms them against complaints that they are looking the other way about the allegations, while potentially limiting the fallout for them and the new administration.
But rapid-fire developments — such as confirmed reports of previously unknown meetings between Mr. Sessions and the Russian ambassador to the United States, Sergey I. Kislyak (meetings he denied at his Senate confirmation hearing), followed by his quick recusal — may erode Republicans’ ability to hold off demands for a wider and more public investigation. Such disclosures have a cumulative effect.
Though most of Mr. Sessions’s former colleagues stood solidly behind him before his recusal announcement, there were prominent cracks. Senator Rob Portman of Ohio, a respected voice among Senate Republicans, issued a statement urging Mr. Sessions to step aside from any Russia-related investigation by the Justice Department. Senator Ben Sasse, Republican of Nebraska, issued his own statement urging the intelligence panel to get on with it.
“Attorney General Sessions’s recusal is the right decision, and the Senate Intelligence Committee should accelerate its work,” Mr. Sasse said, warning that the Russian president, Vladimir V. Putin, was trying to undermine public confidence in American institutions. “The American people deserve a comprehensive, top-to-bottom investigation of Putin’s Soviet-style meddling in self-government at home and across the West.”
Their positions, and more private expressions of increasing nervousness by other lawmakers, show that Republican unity on how to respond to Russia’s meddling in the election is not a given, and that further disclosures could bring about more defections from the party line that no investigation beyond the intelligence community is warranted.
Most Democrats knew full well that their impassioned demands that Mr. Sessions resign would not be met. But they want to keep as much pressure as possible on Republicans and chip away at their resistance to a special committee. Any confidence they had in the intelligence committees of the House and Senate was severely undercut by recent revelations that the Republican chairmen of both panels had, at the request of the White House, called reporters to try to undermine a story about contacts between Russians and Trump allies.
Earlier, Mr. Durbin had reluctantly agreed to cede much of the investigative responsibility to the Intelligence Committee, but he has abandoned that stance.
“This is a national security crisis, and we cannot afford to allow this process to be compromised further,” he said Thursday. “We need an independent commission to investigate now.”
That investigation won’t happen now, but it could happen later if disclosures continue to pile up.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The disclosure that Russia’s ambassador to the United States spoke twice with Attorney General Jeff Sessions last year, even though Mr. Sessions testified at his January confirmation hearing that he “did not have communications with the Russians,” has set off a new round of political furor in Washington, this time with legal overtones.
After Republicans began joining Democrats on Thursday in calling upon Mr. Sessions to recuse himself from overseeing any criminal investigation related to Russian meddling in the 2016 election, the attorney general announced that he would step aside from any current or future cases related to the campaign. As a senator, Mr. Sessions was a top campaign adviser to President Trump.
But some Democrats called for giving the investigation even greater independence. Others accused Mr. Sessions of lying under oath and called for his resignation and a criminal investigation. The developments have heightened interest in several related legal issues.
What does it mean for the attorney general to recuse himself?
Generally, United States attorneys directly oversee criminal investigations. In a case that raises politically sensitive issues, the attorney general would normally be briefed on proposed major decisions — like whether to subpoena a high-profile witness or bring charges — and could overrule them. By recusing himself now, Mr. Sessions is responding to concerns that exercising that role, in light of his ties to the Trump campaign, would call into question the impartiality of the justice system.
Who replaces the attorney general after a recusal?
The deputy attorney general steps into the shoes of the attorney general to make decisions about that particular investigation. The acting deputy attorney general is Dana J. Boente, the United States attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia, whom Mr. Trump temporarily elevated last month after firing  Sally Q. Yates, who had been the deputy attorney general. Mr. Trump has nominated Rod J. Rosenstein, the United States attorney for Maryland, to be deputy attorney general, and he would replace Mr. Boente if confirmed.
Can a special prosecutor or an independent counsel be appointed?
No, because the law that created that type of prosecutor expired.
During the Watergate “Saturday Night Massacre,” President Richard M. Nixon ordered the firing of the prosecutor running the investigation into his White House. As part of the reforms afterward, Congress created a new type of prosecutor to look into high-level executive branch wrongdoing while shielded from political interference. This position was called a special prosecutor at first and later independent counsel. The law set criteria for an attorney general to request a three-judge panel to appoint such a prosecutor, who would be subject to the judges’ supervision and could not be fired by the president or his appointees.
While the Supreme Court upheld the arrangement as constitutional, critics said it permitted a prosecutor to run amok. Republicans learned to hate the arrangement during the Iran-contra investigation into the Reagan administration, and Democrats did during the Whitewater and Monica Lewinsky investigation into President Bill Clinton. When the law expired in 1999, Congress did not renew it.
Could there instead be a special counsel?
Yes, Mr. Boente could appoint one of these.
Special counsels are empowered to run an investigation with greater autonomy than a United States attorney normally enjoys. But they are still ultimately subject to the control of the attorney general — and the president — who can overrule their decisions or fire them. This position dates to 1999, when the Justice Department issued new regulations to create it after the independent counsel law expired.
The regulations say special counsels “shall not be subject to the day-to-day supervision of any official of the department” and generally decide on their own “whether and to what extent to inform or consult with the attorney general or others within the department about the conduct of his or her duties and responsibilities.”
Did Sessions commit a crime?
In a letter to the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Justice Department, Democrats on the House Judiciary Committee asked for “an immediate criminal investigation into these statements, which could potentially implicate a number of criminal laws, including lying to Congress and perjury.”
But it is exceedingly unlikely that the Justice Department will bring charges against the attorney general — and not just for political reasons. To violate statutes that criminalize lying to Congress and perjury, it is not enough to say something that turns out to be demonstrably false. Rather, the speaker must have intentionally lied. That can be very difficult to prove beyond a reasonable doubt.
Mr. Sessions has said that while some people think he made a false statement, that was “not my intent.” Rather, he said, his answer was “honest and truthful as I understood it at the time” because the context of the question was the allegation that the Trump campaign and the Russian government were exchanging information. He said he understood his meetings with the Russian ambassador to be linked to his role as a senator, not his role as a campaign surrogate.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Melania Trump made her first solo foray in public as first lady on Thursday, visiting a hospital pediatric wing to read to sick children.
Mrs. Trump, who has been reluctant to embrace the high-profile and ill-defined role of presidential spouse, began with a brief and simple outing: an afternoon reading of a Dr. Seuss book in honor of the author’s birthday and National Read Across America Day.
“So you know what is today?” she asked the children, who wore hospital gowns and gathered in a playroom in the pediatric wing of NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital/Weill Cornell Medical Center in Manhattan to see Mrs. Trump. “It’s a reading day. So I came to encourage you to read, and to think about what you want to achieve in life.”
Mrs. Trump, whose aides had arranged for a small pool of reporters and photographers to cover the visit, then proceeded to read “Oh, the Places You’ll Go!,” a Dr. Seuss classic with an inspirational message that she said was a favorite of hers.
“You’ll be as famous as famous can be,” Mrs. Trump read from the book. “With the whole wide world watching you win on TV.”
Mrs. Trump has stayed mostly out of the spotlight since President Trump took office. She has appeared at her husband’s side for a handful of official events, most recently accompanying him to the Capitol on Tuesday for his address to a joint session of Congress. But she has avoided the press and done nothing in public to carve out her own priorities or initiatives as first lady.
Michelle Obama made outings with young people a staple of her time as first lady, often making unscheduled stops to spend time with them. On Tuesday, the former first lady was back at it, surprising students in a vocational program at a Washington public school, where she spent more than an hour discussing the importance of pursuing higher education. Mrs. Obama posted a photograph of her visit on Twitter.
A photograph of Mrs. Trump’s hospital story time appeared in her Twitter feed on Thursday.
Mrs. Trump has said she is interested in working to combat cyberbullying, but has yet to start such a program. And while she has named a chief of staff and a social secretary, the White House has not announced the hiring of other key players in the East Wing, such as a communications director, a press secretary or other senior staff members. Mrs. Trump has made it known she does not intend to be much of a presence in Washington at least in the short term; she has opted to reside in New York while the couple’s 10-year-old son, Barron, finishes his school year.
On Thursday, she donned large black sunglasses and stepped into a car that was part of a small motorcade waiting outside Trump Tower to take her to the hospital about a mile and a half away.
“I hope you’re all feeling well,” Mrs. Trump told the assembled children. After she finished reading the book, Mrs. Trump gave it to a young girl who had been listening, saying, “I encourage you all to read a lot — to get educated.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — A two-year-old report by the Army’s inspector general concluded that Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster, now President Trump’s national security adviser, violated the service’s regulations in a case that involved two junior officers accused of sexual assault.
The report asserts that during an assignment as the commanding general at Fort Benning, Ga., General McMaster “improperly” decided to allow two second lieutenants to attend Ranger School even though they were under investigation on allegations that they had sexually assaulted a female officer as cadets at West Point.
A senior Defense Department official, who asked not to be named because he was discussing an internal investigation, said General McMaster had not intended to break the rules and insisted that the violation was technical in nature.
But it remains to be seen how the Senate Armed Services Committee will respond when the panel holds a closed-door session on Tuesday on General McMaster’s appointment to lead the National Security Council.
A White House official, who declined to be identified because he was not authorized to speak publicly on the matter, said that President Trump had been informed of the investigation and retained confidence in General McMaster.
The Army investigation was first disclosed by The Washington Post.
The issue has its roots in allegations made by a young officer who reported that she had been sexually assaulted and touched inappropriately in 2011 and 2012 by fellow cadets at West Point who were male, at least some of whom were members of the Army academy’s rugby team.
Two of those young officers later reported for training as Army infantry officers at Fort Benning, where a criminal investigation was opened into the allegations.
General McMaster was asked by a subordinate if the junior officers could enter Ranger School, after completing their basic officer training, while the investigation continued.
According to the Army’s regulations, commanders are not supposed to take “favorable” personnel actions to advance the career of soldiers who are the subject of a serious investigation.
The regulations allow for an exception: Commanders can seek a waiver so that soldiers under investigation can attend special military schools.
General McMaster was reluctant to interfere with the soldiers’ training before any guilt was established, according to the investigation’s report. It said he was not aware that he was required to apply to the Army’s deputy chief of staff for a waiver so they could go to the Ranger School, where soldiers are taught combat leadership and tactics under grueling conditions.
The criminal case against the two soldiers was later dropped after a Fort Benning trial counsel determined that the accuser’s account was not credible. Instead, the counsel recommended that administrative action be taken against the soldiers for various improprieties.
At first, General McMaster ordered that an official reprimand be inserted into the officers’ files after they graduated from Ranger School. The officers were allowed to challenge that decision. After hearing their rebuttal, General McMaster concluded that the “misconduct had not occurred as alleged,” according to his official record of the case, and ordered the letters of reprimand to be destroyed.
General McMaster later received his own chiding from Gen. Daniel B. Allyn, the vice chief of staff of the Army, though it fell short of a formal reprimand. Describing it as a “memorandum of concern,” General Allyn said that General McMaster should have been better informed about the Army regulations.
“I understand that you were unaware of the ability to request a waiver in this case, and that you did not want to delay the officers’ training,” General Allyn wrote. “I also recognize that you ultimately decided to take no action against the officers after carefully considering the evidence. However, professional judgments may not supplant Army policy under any circumstances. I am disappointed with your actions.”
“I am not officially reprimanding you for your conduct,” General Allyn added. “This memorandum will not be filed in your personnel records. I consider this matter closed.”
But closed it is not: The Senate Armed Services Committee will discuss the Army investigation next week. While Mr. Trump’s choice for the post of national security adviser does not require Senate confirmation, General McMaster is still on active duty, and the Senate votes on any change of assignment for general officers.
Senator John McCain, the Arizona Republican who leads the panel, and Senator Jack Reed of Rhode Island, who serves as the ranking Democrat, are aware of the Army investigation, congressional officials said.
Senator Kirsten E. Gillibrand of New York, a Democrat and a member of the panel, has taken a strong interest in the role of women in the military and, an adviser said, pushed the Army to investigate why the junior officers were allowed to attend Ranger School.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — It was “find the Affordable Care Act replacement” day on Thursday as publicity-seeking Democrats — and one frustrated Republican — scampered through Capitol corridors, hunting for an elusive copy of a bill that Republican leaders have withheld from the public as they search for party unity.
Just a week before two powerful House committees plan to vote on the measure, opponents spent hours making the point that almost no one has actually seen legislation that would affect the lives and pocketbooks of millions of Americans.
“The Republicans have played hide-and-seek with us,” said Representative Lloyd Doggett, Democrat of Texas.
Speaker Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin said party leaders were determined to plow ahead with repeal legislation, despite lingering disagreements among Republicans and outright opposition from Democrats.
“I am perfectly confident that when it’s all said and done, we’re going to unify, because we all, every Republican, ran on repealing and replacing, and we’re going to keep our promises,” Mr. Ryan said.
The Energy and Commerce Committee, which has jurisdiction over Medicaid, and the Ways and Means Committee, which is responsible for tax legislation, are tentatively scheduled to vote next week on the repeal bill, setting the stage for the full House to vote on it later this month, House Republican leaders said.
While Republicans discussed details of the health care bill, Democrats went from office to office, hunting for a copy. Lawmakers were told that Republican members of the Energy and Commerce Committee could inspect the bill on Thursday in the basement of a House office building. When Democrats arrived, they were directed to a room on the first floor of the Capitol.
The House Democratic whip, Representative Steny H. Hoyer of Maryland, and Representative Paul Tonko, Democrat of New York, went to that room, but could not find the bill there.
Senator Rand Paul, a Kentucky Republican who has criticized the repeal bill, also tried and failed to see it.
“I have been told that the House Obamacare bill is under lock & key, in a secure location, & not available for me or the public to view,” Mr. Paul said on Twitter as he set off in search of the document, carrying a portable copy machine and trailed by television cameras and a pack of journalists.
Mr. Paul supports repealing the Affordable Care Act, but said the measure described publicly by House Republican leaders included “Democratic ideas dressed up in Republican clothing.”
Mr. Hoyer, whose quest for the bill was broadcast live on Facebook, paused to address a large bust of Abraham Lincoln. “I can’t find the bill,” he said, adding, “I know, Mr. Lincoln, you are as upset with your party as I am today.”
The theatrics reflected serious concerns. “Republicans are hiding their draft A.C.A. repeal bill in a basement room,” said the House Democratic leader, Nancy Pelosi of California. The bill, she said, would produce “a big transfer of wealth to the wealthiest people in our country,” cutting their taxes while increasing costs for others.
It is not unusual for controversial bills to be written by the majority party, with little or no input from the minority. But Democrats relished the opportunity to turn the tables on Republicans.
In 2009 and 2010, Republicans excoriated Democrats for making “back-room deals” to pass the Affordable Care Act. Democrats, defending the bill they had written with President Barack Obama, were shouted down at town hall-style meetings by Tea Party members chanting, “Read the bill.”
Representative Greg Walden, Republican of Oregon and chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, denied he was hiding the bill or doing anything out of the ordinary. Republicans, he said, “are continuing to discuss and refine draft legislative language.”
Asked if he was hiding the bill, Representative Kevin Brady, Republican of Texas and chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, said: “We don’t have a bill. We’re continuing to work with the Congressional Budget Office and our members on the final product.”
Republicans had promised an open process. Speaking on the House floor on Jan. 13, Representative Doug Collins of Georgia, the vice chairman of the House Republican Conference, said the health law had been enacted “after months of back-room deals, in the middle of the night, last-minute deals, and without giving the American people enough time to even read the bill.”
“That is not what is going to happen this time,” he said.
The Congressional Budget Office has not completed an estimate of the cost of the repeal bill or its effects on coverage, and Republicans are still trying to narrow their differences on issues like Medicaid and tax credits to help people buy insurance. But, as of Thursday, they were determined to move ahead.
“We are going to mark up the legislation next week,” said Representative Billy Long, Republican of Missouri and a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee, after a closed-door meeting of House Republicans. “They say we’ll be there all night. I’m going to bring an air mattress.”
Mr. Ryan presented members of his party on Thursday with a timeline leading to passage of the bill by the House within three weeks. The Senate is working closely with House leaders.
Mr. Ryan told House Republicans that President Trump supported the bill drafted by House Republican leaders, according to aides who were in the room.
Ever since Mr. Obama signed the law in March 2010, Republicans have been trying to uproot it. When Congress convened this year, Republicans thought they could achieve their goal with a quick strike on the law, which has provided insurance to some 20 million Americans. The task has proved more difficult than they expected. Polls show the law has become somewhat more popular as Mr. Trump and congressional Republicans try to kill it.
Under a draft of the bill that became public last week, the government would offer tax credits to help lower the cost of insurance for people who did not have access to coverage through an employer or a government program. The tax credits, as initially proposed, would be available to people regardless of their income.
Representative Phil Roe, Republican of Tennessee, said the credit should not be available to people with incomes above a certain level, around $118,000. “I don’t think I need a tax credit, with my salary,” Mr. Roe said. As a member of Congress, he has been paid $174,000 a year.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump’s accusations that President Barack Obama spied on him have stirred another tempest in his early months in office.
Mr. Trump offered no evidence to support his claims that Mr. Obama wiretapped his phones and rejected the assertion by the F.B.I. director, James B. Comey, that the wiretapping claim was false, according to Sarah Huckabee Sanders, a White House spokeswoman.
Here is an assessment.
False. The White House has criticized the use of anonymous sources in reporting, yet has offered its own anonymous sources to support claims or policies. Mr. Spicer’s suggestion that articles citing unnamed officials have turned up nothing is wrong.
In recent weeks, Michael T. Flynn resigned as national security adviser after news reports with unnamed sources revealed he had been in contact with Sergey I. Kislyak, Russia’s ambassador to the United States. Similarly, Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused himself from investigations into Russia after journalists found he had also spoken with Mr. Kislyak, based on conversations with anonymous sources.
This is misleading. The White House forwarded The New York Times several articles about investigations into the Trump campaign’s ties to Russia that include the word “wiretapping.” None contend, as Mr. Trump did, that Mr. Obama personally ordered the surveillance of Trump Tower phones.
The BBC reported, based on anonymous sources, that intelligence agencies obtained a FISA warrant in October 2016 to intercept electronic records from two Russian banks. HeatStreet, a libertarian-leaning blog, also cited unnamed sources claiming that the warrant covered a computer server at Trump Tower. Neither claimed Mr. Obama was responsible.
The White House also cited two Times articles, one about the National Security Agency’s expanded authority to share its data  and the other on the continuing investigation into links between Mr. Trump’s associates and Russian officials. Neither article claimed that Mr. Trump or his associates were the target of wiretapping.
False. While the White House is calling for a congressional inquiry, Mr. Trump did not merely raise the possibility on Twitter but was emphatic that the incident did occur.
Needs context. Ms. Conway is cherry-picking remarks from Mr. Mukasey, who led the Justice Department under President George W. Bush, as proof that Mr. Trump was right.
“I think the president was not correct certainly in saying that President Obama ordered a tap on a server in Trump Tower,” he said on ABC. “However, I think he’s right in that there was surveillance and that it was conducted at the behest of the attorney — of the Justice Department through the FISA court.”
Mr. Mukasey later added that this conclusion was based on the same news reports that the White House has cited and said that he does not believe a special inquiry or prosecutor is necessary to look into Mr. Trump’s claims.
This is misleading. Mr. Chaffetz said he is not aware of evidence backing up Mr. Trump’s claims, but noted that the Obama administration is “notorious” for similar behavior. None of the incidents he mentioned, however, are parallel to Mr. Trump’s accusations of illegal wiretapping ordered by Mr. Obama.
The Justice Department’s 2013 investigation of Mr. Rosen, a journalist at Fox News, was authorized by a court order and included scanning his emails. Mr. Rosen himself clarified on Fox News that he was not wiretapped.
The Internal Revenue Service was accused of singling out conservative groups applying for nonprofit status between 2010 and 2013. Investigations by the FBI, Senate and Justice Department were divided over whether the agency acted in politically motivated ways but found no evidence of criminal wrongdoing.
And in 2015, 45 Secret Service agents read, without authorization, Mr. Chaffetz’s records at the agency where his application had been rejected more than a decade earlier. Mr. Chaffetz was one of the most outspoken critics of the Secret Service after a series of security breaches.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — House Republicans unveiled on Monday their long-awaited plan to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, scrapping the mandate for most Americans to have health insurance in favor of a new system of tax credits to induce people to buy insurance on the open market.
The bill sets the stage for a bitter debate over the possible dismantling of the most significant health care law in a half-century. In its place would be a health law that would be far more oriented to the free market and would make far-reaching changes to a vast part of the American economy.
The House Republican bill would roll back the expansion of Medicaid that has provided coverage to more than 10 million people in 31 states, reducing federal payments for many new beneficiaries. It also would effectively scrap the unpopular requirement that people have insurance and eliminate tax penalties for those who go without. The requirement for larger employers to offer coverage to their full-time employees would also be eliminated.
People who let their insurance coverage lapse, however, would face a significant penalty. Insurers could increase their premiums by 30 percent, and in that sense, Republicans would replace a penalty for not having insurance with a new penalty for allowing insurance to lapse.
House Republican leaders said they would keep three popular provisions in the Affordable Care Act: the prohibition on denying coverage to people with pre-existing conditions, the ban on lifetime coverage caps and the rule allowing young people to remain on their parents’ health plans until age 26.
Republicans hope to undo other major parts of President Barack Obama’s signature domestic achievement, including income-based tax credits that help millions of Americans buy insurance, taxes on people with high incomes and the penalty for people who do not have health coverage.
Medicaid recipients’ open-ended entitlement to health care would be replaced by a per-person allotment to the states. And people with pre-existing medical conditions would face new uncertainties in a more deregulated insurance market.
The bill would also cut off federal funds to Planned Parenthood clinics through Medicaid and other government programs for one year.
“Obamacare is a sinking ship, and the legislation introduced today will rescue people from the mistakes of the past,” said Representative Kevin McCarthy of California, the majority leader.
Democrats denounced the effort as a cruel attempt to strip Americans of their health care.
“Republicans will force tens of millions of families to pay more for worse coverage — and push millions of Americans off of health coverage entirely,” said Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, the Democratic leader.
Two House committees — Ways and Means and Energy and Commerce — plan to take up the legislation on Wednesday. House Republicans hope the committees will approve the measure this week, clearing the way for the full House to act on it before a spring break scheduled to begin on April 7. The outlook in the Senate is less clear. Democrats want to preserve the Affordable Care Act, and a handful of Republican senators expressed serious concerns about the House plan as it was being developed.
Under the House Republican plan, the income-based tax credits provided under the Affordable Care Act would be replaced with credits that would rise with age as older people generally require more health care. In a late change, the plan reduces the tax credits for individuals with annual incomes over $75,000 and married couples with incomes over $150,000.
Republicans did not offer any estimate of how much their plan would cost, or how many people would gain or lose insurance. The two House committees plan to vote on the legislation without having estimates of its cost from the Congressional Budget Office, the official scorekeeper on Capitol Hill.
But they did get the support from President Trump that they badly need to win House passage.
“Obamacare has proven to be a disaster with fewer options, inferior care and skyrocketing costs that are crushing small business and families across America,” said the White House press secretary, Sean Spicer. “Today marks an important step toward restoring health care choices and affordability back to the American people.”
The release of the legislation is a step toward fulfilling a campaign pledge — repeal and replace — that has animated Republicans since the Affordable Care Act passed in 2010. But it is far from certain Republican lawmakers will be able to get on the same page and repeal the health measure.
On Monday, four Republican senators — Rob Portman of Ohio, Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia, Cory Gardner of Colorado and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska — signed a letter saying a House draft that they had reviewed did not adequately protect people in states like theirs that have expanded Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act.
Three conservative Republicans in the Senate — Mike Lee of Utah, Rand Paul of Kentucky and Ted Cruz of Texas — had already expressed reservations about the House’s approach.
In the House, Republican leaders will have to contend with conservative members who have already been vocal about their misgivings about the legislation being drawn up. “Obamacare 2.0,” Representative Justin Amash, Republican of Michigan, posted on Twitter on Monday.
Representative Mark Meadows, Republican of North Carolina and the chairman of the conservative House Freedom Caucus, also offered a warning on Monday, joining with Mr. Paul to urge that Republican leaders pursue a “clean repeal” of the health care law.
“Conservatives don’t want new taxes, new entitlements and an ‘ObamaCare Lite’ bill,” they wrote on the website of Fox News. “If leadership insists on replacing ObamaCare with ObamaCare-lite, no repeal will pass.”
The move to strip Planned Parenthood of funding and the plan’s provisions to reverse tax increases on the high-income taxpayers will also expose Republicans in more moderate districts to Democratic attacks.
The bill would provide each state with a fixed allotment of federal money for each person on Medicaid, the federal-state program for more than 70 million low-income people. The federal government would pay different amounts for different categories of beneficiaries, including children, older Americans and people with disabilities.
The bill would also repeal subsidies that the government provides under the Affordable Care Act to help low-income people pay deductibles and other out-of-pocket costs for insurance purchased through the public marketplaces. Eliminating these subsidies would cause turmoil in insurance markets, insurers and consumer advocates say.
However, the House Republicans would provide states with $100 billion over nine years, which states could use to help people pay for health care and insurance.
The tax credits proposed by House Republicans would start at $2,000 a year for a person under 30 and would rise to a maximum of $4,000 for a person 60 or older. A family could receive up to $14,000 in credits.
Even with those credits, Democrats say, many people would find insurance unaffordable. But Republicans would allow insurers to sell a leaner, less expensive package of benefits and would allow people to use the tax credits for insurance policies covering only catastrophic costs.
While Republicans have argued over how to proceed, Mr. Trump has expressed only vague goals for how to repeal the Affordable Care Act and improve the nation’s health care system. On Capitol Hill, lawmakers and their aides are waiting to see whether he uses his platform, Twitter account and all, to press reluctant Republicans to get behind the House plan.
The new version of the House Republican bill makes several changes to earlier drafts of the legislation.
It drops a proposal to require employees with high-cost employer-sponsored health insurance to pay income and payroll taxes on some of the value of that coverage. In addition, it would delay a provision of the Affordable Care Act that imposed an excise tax on high-cost insurance plans provided by employers to workers.
Congress had already delayed this “Cadillac tax” — despised by employers and labor unions alike — by two years, to 2020. The new legislation would suspend the tax from 2020 through 2024.
House Republicans would offer tax credits to help people buy insurance if they did not have coverage available from an employer or a government program. Under earlier versions of the bill, the tax credits increased with a person’s age, but would not have been tied to income. Backbench Republicans said the government should not be providing financial assistance to people with high incomes.
Accordingly, under the new version of the bill, the tax credits would be reduced and eventually phased out.



ARTICLE
The White House, concerned about the possible political repercussions of the Republican effort to defund Planned Parenthood, has proposed preserving federal payments to the group if it discontinues providing abortions.
The proposal, which was never made formally, has been rejected as an impossibility by officials at Planned Parenthood, which receives about $500 million annually in federal funding. That money helps pay for women’s health services the organization provides, not for abortion services.
“Let’s be clear: Federal funds already do not pay for abortions,” Dawn Laguens, the executive vice president of the Planned Parenthood Federation of America, said on Monday. “Offering money to Planned Parenthood to abandon our patients and our values is not a deal that we will ever accept. Providing critical health care services for millions of American women is nonnegotiable.”
But the outreach to allies of Planned Parenthood is a glimpse of the internal struggle inside a White House torn between trying to satisfy the conservative base that elected President Trump and responding to the views of his daughter Ivanka Trump, who urged her father to tread carefully on the Planned Parenthood issue during the Republican primary contest.
Ms. Trump has no formal role in the administration, but as an informal adviser she has made women’s issues a focus. She has had a mixed record of success in the administration’s early days, but during the campaign, she was able to nudge Mr. Trump toward a nuanced view of Planned Parenthood’s work.
Mr. Trump confirmed the discussions in a statement on Monday to The New York Times.
“As I said throughout the campaign, I am pro-life and I am deeply committed to investing in women’s health and plan to significantly increase federal funding in support of nonabortion services such as cancer screenings,” he said. “Polling shows the majority of Americans oppose public funding for abortion, even those who identify as pro-choice. There is an opportunity for organizations to continue the important work they do in support of women’s health, while not providing abortion services.”
Indeed, Mr. Trump made similar statements as a candidate, putting him at odds with other Republicans in a primary race characterized by conservative views.
In private discussions with people close to Planned Parenthood, White House officials have suggested that there could even be an increase in federal earmarks if the work related to abortion ends.
At various points during the campaign, Mr. Trump spoke favorably of the work of Planned Parenthood, even while saying he would support withdrawing its funding if abortions continued.
“Millions and millions of women — cervical cancer, breast cancer — are helped by Planned Parenthood,” he said in February 2016 at a debate hosted by CNN. “I would defund it because I’m pro-life, but millions of women are helped by Planned Parenthood.”
Marjorie Dannenfelser, the president of the Susan B. Anthony List, which supports anti-abortion candidates, said Mr. Trump was living up to his campaign promise.
“We’re not used to that in politics,” she said. She added that she had no problem with the deal because her issue with Planned Parenthood is with its abortion work.
Until 2011, when he announced he opposed abortion rights, Mr. Trump had supported legal measures allowing abortions.
Congressional Republicans have said they will soon move legislation to strip all federal funds from Planned Parenthood, and a provision for doing that was included in the House Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act released on Monday night.
Senator Kirsten E. Gillibrand, Democrat of New York, suggested that Mr. Trump had authorized the proposal because he wanted to be able to claim that he had made an offer to Planned Parenthood and that officials with the group were not being reasonable.
“The Trump administration needs to stop playing political games that would put access to the full range of safe reproductive care at risk, or they will get the fight of their lives,” Ms. Gillibrand said.
Diane Max, a major donor to Planned Parenthood, called the offer “an absurd play” and said Mr. Trump had been “sympathetic to a woman’s right to choose until it was politically unpopular” for him.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Over the last two decades, since Congress carved out a terrorism case exception to the general rule that people cannot use American courts to sue foreign governments, victims of attacks have racked up more than $50 billion in default judgments against Iran.
Those judgments provided symbolic justice but came with little realistic expectation that Iran — which did not bother to contest the evidence — would actually pay all it owed, aside from its limited assets frozen in the United States. But now, those cases are colliding with another major legal and national security event: the Iran nuclear deal.
In the first case of its kind, a group of attack victims — including estates of people who were killed — who won one of the default judgments against Iran has gone to a European court to try to enforce it. A judge in Luxembourg has quietly put a freeze on $1.6 billion in assets belonging to Iran’s central bank, according to people familiar with the case.
The fight is part of increasing instances in which domestic civil lawsuits against foreign entities over terrorist attacks have raised diplomatic and national security complications.
Diplomatic and security specialists said the litigation also has broader significance. The essence of the 2015 deal was that Iran agreed to curb its nuclear program in exchange for the lifting of sanctions so it could reintegrate into the world economy. That goal would be undermined if any Iranian-linked assets in places like Europe were vulnerable to seizure to pay off the default judgments handed down by American courts.
Payam Mohseni, the Iran Project director at Harvard Kennedy School’s Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs, said that if the victims succeed in seizing the funds, it could be a step toward a new confrontation, strengthening the hands of hard-liners in Iran who were opposed to the deal and are looking for signs of betrayal. Already, he noted, few of the envisioned investments in Iran with Western financing have materialized.
“A ruling like this would make Iranian assets vulnerable in Europe which, for Iranians, would violate the spirit of the agreement if not the letter of it,” he said.
The maneuvers in Luxembourg have attracted scant attention because the litigation is largely confidential. But a letter detailing the case is now circulating in Washington. Lawyers for the victims sent the letter on Thursday to the prime minister of Luxembourg, seeking his government’s assistance in opposing Iran’s effort to unfreeze its assets, and copied the letter to senior foreign policy officials in the White House.
Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, did not respond to an email request to speak with someone in the Trump administration about its thinking regarding the effort. President Trump was a fierce critic of the nuclear accord during the campaign, saying President Barack Obama had negotiated a bad deal. But he has since given no public indication that he intends to follow through on his vow to abrogate it.
The embassy of Luxembourg in Washington also did not respond to a request for comment.
Complicating matters, the lawsuit that resulted in the default judgment did not stem from one of the attacks by Shiite terrorists that specialists generally agree were sponsored by Iran. Instead, it was brought by victims of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks by Al Qaeda, the Sunni terrorist group.
In 2011, the victims persuaded a federal judge in New York, George B. Daniels, to find that Iran had aided the attacks by providing assistance to Al Qaeda, like facilitating the travel of Qaeda members through its territory. In 2012, he ordered Iran to pay the victims $2 billion in compensatory damages and $5 billion in punitive damages.
That judgment stagnated for years because there was no obvious way to collect it. But then it came to light that the Clearstream system in Luxembourg, which facilitates international exchanges of securities, was holding $1.6 billion in Iranian central bank assets that had been blocked under sanctions.
Last year, lawyers for the Sept. 11 victims persuaded a judge in Luxembourg to place a new freeze on those assets while they sued over whether they could execute the default judgment against those funds, the letter said. Both Clearstream and the Iranian central bank, Markazi, are now trying to get that freeze lifted.
The two lawyers who signed the letter and are leading the effort, Lee S. Wolosky and Michael J. Gottlieb, both partners in the law firm Boies Schiller Flexner, are former Obama administration officials. Mr. Gottlieb was a lawyer in the White House in Mr. Obama’s first term, and Mr. Wolosky served as the special envoy for Guantánamo closure under Secretary of State John F. Kerry, who negotiated the Iran nuclear deal.
“The Iran nuclear deal does not include terrorism issues or resolve outstanding legal claims, so you can support that deal and also support the enforcement of lawful, final judgments entered by the federal courts wherever Iranian assets are found,” Mr. Wolosky said. “And that is exactly what we are aggressively pursuing.”
Dennis Ross, an Iran adviser to Mr. Obama in his first term, predicted that European leaders who support the Iran deal would try to resist such efforts. But he also said that while some think the deal is fragile, Iran has an incentive to stick with it for at least seven more years — after which sanctions, which are now suspended, will be terminated — even if it decides it cannot do business in Europe for now.
Iran “will certainly try to get these assets unfrozen so they aren’t put at risk, but I don’t see them walking away from the deal, even though this is a very novel, very creative use of the legal system to try to get these judgments enforced,” he said.
The case joins the growing log of lawsuits that try to assign blame for terrorist ties.
In 2014, for example, the Obama administration divided internally about whether to urge the Supreme Court to intervene in a case against Arab Bank, the largest financial institution in Jordan, brought by victims of terrorist attacks in Israel who accused the bank of having processed financial transactions for Hamas. The case was ultimately settled.
Last year, the Supreme Court ruled said Iran’s central bank must turn over $2.1 billion in frozen assets held by Citibank to victims of the 1983 Marine Corps barracks bombing in Lebanon. The Obama administration backed the victims in that case, which Iran is now challenging in the International Court of Justice.
Also last year, American relations with Saudi Arabia came under strain when Congress, overriding President Obama’s veto, enacted a bill that widened the terrorism exception to foreign sovereigns’ immunity from civil lawsuits, clearing the way for victims of the Sept. 11 attacks to sue the Saudi government too.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump signed an executive order on Monday blocking citizens of six predominantly Muslim countries from entering the United States, the most significant hardening of immigration policy in generations, even with changes intended to blunt legal and political opposition.
The order was revised to avoid the tumult and protests that engulfed the nation’s airports after Mr. Trump signed his first immigration directive on Jan. 27. That order was ultimately blocked by a federal appeals court.
The new order continued to impose a 90-day ban on travelers, but it removed Iraq, a redaction requested by Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, who feared it would hamper coordination to defeat the Islamic State, according to administration officials.
It also exempts permanent residents and current visa holders, and drops language offering preferential status to persecuted religious minorities, a provision widely interpreted as favoring other religious groups over Muslims. In addition, it reversed an indefinite ban on refugees from Syria, replacing it with a 120-day freeze that requires review and renewal.
But the heart of the sweeping executive action is still intact, reflecting Mr. Trump’s “America first” pledge to safeguard against what he has portrayed as a hidden influx of terrorists and criminals — a hard-line campaign promise that resonated deeply with white working-class voters.
The new order retains central elements of the old one, cutting the number of refugees admitted to the United States each year to 50,000 from about 110,000. Mr. Trump is also leaving open the possibility of expanding the ban to other countries, or even putting Iraq back on the banned list if the country’s leaders fail to comply with a requirement that they increase intelligence sharing, officials said.
“Unregulated, unvetted travel is not a universal privilege, especially when national security is at stake,” said John F. Kelly, the homeland security secretary, appearing alongside Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson and Attorney General Jeff Sessions at the Ronald Reagan Federal Building in Washington on Monday.
Mr. Kelly said the order was now “prospective” and applied “only to foreign nationals outside of the United States” who do not have a valid visa. None of the men took questions.
The Trump administration quickly tried to break the legal logjam, filing papers in United States District Court in Washington late on Monday seeking to lift an order blocking the fulfillment of the initial ban.
But the president’s revisions did little to halt criticism from Democrats and immigrant rights advocates, who predicted a renewed fight in the courts.
The Senate Democratic leader, Chuck Schumer of New York, described the new order as a “watered-down ban” that was still “meanspirited and un-American.”
Margaret Huang, the executive director of Amnesty International USA, said in a statement that the new order would “cause extreme fear and uncertainty for thousands of families by, once again, putting anti-Muslim hatred into policy.”
The new measure will be phased in over the next two weeks to avoid the frenetic, same-day execution of the order in January, which prompted protests across the country and left tearful families stranded at airports abroad and in the United States.
The redrafted order, delayed by a week so it would not overshadow Mr. Trump’s address to a joint session of Congress last Tuesday, represented a recognition that the rushed first attempt at the ban did not pass muster legally or politically.
Administration officials privately conceded that the initial version of the order was a political debacle that damaged Mr. Trump’s nascent presidency. But they were much more sanguine about the second order, arguing that the new, multiagency review process could be used in the future to bend Mr. Trump’s uncompromising messages toward Washington’s bureaucratic realities.
Mr. Trump signed the first ban with great fanfare, in front of reporters, at the Pentagon. “We don’t want them here,” Mr. Trump said of Islamist terrorists. “We want to ensure that we are not admitting into our country the very threats our soldiers are fighting overseas. We only want to admit those into our country who will support our country, and love deeply our people.”
This time, the White House issued a photograph of the president signing the order alone at his desk in the Oval Office.
Justice Department lawyers said the revisions rendered moot legal cases against the original travel ban. But opponents said the removal of a section that had granted preferential treatment to victims of religious persecution was a cosmetic change that did nothing to alter the order’s prejudicial purpose. Immigrant rights lawyers had argued that the provision was intended to discriminate against Muslims, pointing to recent statements by Mr. Trump.
“This is a retreat, but let’s be clear — it’s just another run at a Muslim ban,” said Omar Jadwat, the director of the Immigrants’ Rights Project at the American Civil Liberties Union, one of the groups that sued to stop the first order. “They can’t unring the bell.”
Eric T. Schneiderman, the attorney general of New York and a plaintiff in a suit seeking to block the first order, said his office was reviewing the new ban, adding, “I stand ready to litigate — again — in order to protect New York’s families, institutions and economy.”
Congressional Republicans, who were split over the first travel ban, had a more muted reaction. But Speaker Paul D. Ryan, who backed the first order, issued a statement saying the revised order “advances our shared goal of protecting the homeland.”
Citizens of Iran, Somalia, Sudan, Yemen, Syria and Libya will face a 90-day suspension of visa processing as the administration analyzes how to strengthen vetting procedures, according to a homeland security summary of the order.
The removal of Iraq from the list came after talks with security officials in Baghdad and at the urging of Mr. Mattis and State Department officials, who have been in communication with Iraqi officials alarmed that the ban will turn public sentiment in their country against the United States.
“On the basis of negotiations that have taken place between the government of Iraq and the U.S. Department of State in the last month, Iraq will increase cooperation with the U.S. government on the vetting of its citizens applying for a visa to travel to the United States,” homeland security officials wrote in a fact sheet given to reporters.
The timing of the ban seemed intended to reset the White House political narrative, after a turbulent week that began with Mr. Trump’s well-received address to Congress. That success was quickly overshadowed by the controversies over Mr. Sessions’s failure to inform the Senate of his contacts with the Russian ambassador and Mr. Trump’s unsupported accusation that President Barack Obama tapped Mr. Trump’s phones during the 2016 campaign.
Critics say that Mr. Trump’s vow to impose “extreme vetting” on migrants, especially those fleeing the war in Syria, disregards already stringent screening measures, and the fact that none of the recent terrorist attacks or mass shootings on American soil were perpetrated by people from the nations listed in the ban.
Last week, The Associated Press reported that it had obtained a draft homeland security assessment concluding that citizenship was an “unlikely indicator” of a threat.
Homeland security officials, speaking to reporters by telephone on Monday, pushed back against that news report, arguing that it was culled from public sources and excluded classified information that paints a more dangerous picture.
An official speaking on the call said the Justice Department had identified 300 “refugees” who were being investigated for their links to Islamist terrorist groups or for holding pro-Islamic State positions. Some of those people already have permanent resident status, the official said.
But homeland security and Justice Department officials declined to provide further details, and would not say how many of the 300 people being investigated came from the countries covered by the revised travel ban.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court ruled on Monday that courts must make an exception to the usual rule that jury deliberations are secret when evidence emerges that those discussions were marred by racial or ethnic bias.
“Racial bias implicates unique historical, constitutional and institutional concerns,” Justice Anthony M. Kennedy wrote for the majority in the 5-to-3 decision.
The case arose from statements made during jury deliberations in a 2010 sexual assault trial. “I think he did it because he’s Mexican, and Mexican men take whatever they want,” a juror said of the defendant, according to sworn statements from other jurors submitted by defense lawyers after the trial was over.
The juror, identified in court papers as H.C., was a former law enforcement officer. After the trial was over, two other jurors submitted sworn statements describing what he had said during deliberations. “He said that where he used to patrol, nine times out of 10 Mexican men were guilty of being aggressive toward women and young girls,” one juror recalled.
Those statements, Justice Kennedy wrote, warranted an investigation by the trial judge into deliberations that are ordinarily secret. Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Stephen G. Breyer, Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan joined the majority opinion.
In dissent, Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr., joined by Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. and Justice Clarence Thomas, wrote that the majority opinion was a well intentioned but ill-considered intrusion into jurors’ privacy.
“This is a startling development,” Justice Alito wrote, “and although the court tries to limit the degree of intrusion, it is doubtful that there are principled grounds for preventing the expansion of today’s holding.”
Justice Kennedy wrote that the usual tools to root out biased jurors — questioning during jury selection and reports from jurors before they render a verdict — are less effective when race is at issue. Pointed questions about racism may exacerbate tensions, he wrote. And jurors may be reluctant, he added, to accuse one another of insensitivity.
“Not every offhand comment indicating racial bias or hostility will justify” an investigation into jurors’ deliberations, Justice Kennedy wrote. “For the inquiry to proceed, there must be a showing that one or more jurors made statements exhibiting overt racial bias that cast serious doubt on the fairness and impartiality of the jury’s deliberations and resulting verdict.”
In dissent, Justice Alito countered that it would be difficult to limit the sweep of the ruling. He added that the court’s constitutional analysis was flawed. “The real thrust of the majority opinion is that the Constitution is less tolerant of racial bias than other forms of juror misconduct, but it is hard to square this argument with the nature of the Sixth Amendment right on which petitioner’s argument and the court’s holding are based,” he wrote. “What the Sixth Amendment protects is the right to an ‘impartial jury.’ Nothing in the text or history of the amendment or in the inherent nature of the jury trial right suggests that the extent of the protection provided by the amendment depends on the nature of a jury’s partiality or bias.”
In earlier cases, the Supreme Court has said that even egregious misconduct in the jury room cannot be used to challenge a conviction if it would require jurors to testify about what was said there. Until Monday, though, the court had never confronted whether racial or ethnic prejudice requires an exception to the general rule.
In 1987, in Tanner v. United States, the Supreme Court let stand convictions in a mail fraud case in Florida even though the jury had treated the trial as “one big party” fueled by “rampant drug and alcohol abuse,” as one juror described it. During recesses, jurors drank pitchers of beer and liters of wine, and they used marijuana and cocaine.
Justice Sandra Day O’Connor, writing for the majority, said there were good reasons to ignore “irresponsible or improper juror behavior” if it was based on jurors’ accounts of what had gone on in the jury room.
After-the-fact challenges based on jurors’ testimony, she wrote, would make it less likely that jurors would speak candidly during deliberations. Allowing such challenges would encourage lawyers to harass former jurors, she said, and undermine the finality of verdicts.
In 2014, in Warger v. Shauers, the Supreme Court unanimously ruled that jurors may not testify about what went on during deliberations, even to expose dishonesty during jury selection.
But Justice Sotomayor, writing for the court, suggested that cases involving racial bias might require a different result. “There may be cases of juror bias so extreme that, almost by definition, the jury trial right has been abridged,” she wrote. “If and when such a case arises, the court can consider whether the usual safeguards are or are not sufficient to protect the integrity of the process.”
Monday’s decision addressed the question the court had deferred in 2014.
Miguel Angel Peña Rodriguez, who maintains that he is innocent, was convicted of harassing and trying to grope two teenage sisters in a racetrack bathroom. A defense witness testified that Mr. Peña Rodriguez was elsewhere at the time of the assault.
H.C., the juror said to have made the biased statements, was not persuaded by that testimony, according to a fellow juror. “He said he did not think the alibi witness was credible because, among other things, he was ‘an illegal,’” the fellow juror said.
The jury deadlocked on the most serious charge, a felony, but convicted Mr. Peña Rodriguez of three misdemeanors. He was sentenced to two years’ probation.
In Monday’s decision in Peña Rodriguez v. Colorado, No. 15-606, Justice Kennedy said the justice system must root out racial bias.
“The progress that has already been made,” he wrote, “underlies the court’s insistence that blatant racial prejudice is antithetical to the functioning of the jury system and must be confronted in egregious cases.”
Justice Alito responded that the majority’s motives were admirable but misguided, citing the 1987 decision. “The court’s decision is well-intentioned,” he wrote. “It seeks to remedy a flaw in the jury trial system, but as this court said some years ago, it is questionable whether our system of trial by jury can endure this attempt to perfect it.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Prompted by the Trump administration’s reversal of the federal government’s position on transgender rights, the Supreme Court announced on Monday that it would not decide whether a transgender boy in Virginia could use the boys’ bathroom at his high school.
The decision not to take his case, which came as the court is awaiting the appointment of a ninth member, means there will be no ruling on the highly charged issue of transgender rights this term. The issue will almost certainly return to the Supreme Court, probably in a year or two.
Until then, lawsuits in the lower courts will proceed, the political climate and public opinion may shift, and the court’s composition will almost certainly change.
Monday’s development was a setback for transgender rights advocates, who had hoped the Supreme Court, which established a constitutional right to same-sex marriage two years ago, would aid their cause. 
Instead, in a one-sentence order on Monday, the Supreme Court vacated an appeals court decision in favor of the student, Gavin Grimm, and sent the case back for further consideration in light of the new guidance from the administration.
The Supreme Court had agreed in October to hear the case, and the justices were scheduled to hear arguments this month. The case would have been the court’s first encounter with transgender rights, and it would probably have been one of the biggest decisions of a fairly sleepy term.
“Thousands of transgender students across the country will have to wait even longer for a final decision from our nation’s highest court affirming their basic rights,” said Sarah Warbelow, the legal director of the Human Rights Campaign.
Kerri Kupec, a lawyer with Alliance Defending Freedom, a conservative Christian group, welcomed Monday’s development.
“The first duty of school districts is to protect the bodily privacy rights of all of the students who attend their schools and to respect the rights of parents who understandably don’t want their children exposed in intimate changing areas like locker rooms and showers,” she said.
There are other cases on transgender rights in lower courts, including a challenge to a North Carolina law that, in government buildings, requires transgender people to use bathrooms that correspond with the gender listed on their birth certificates. The law has drawn protests, boycotts and lawsuits.
The question in the Virginia case was whether Mr. Grimm, 17, could use the boys’ bathroom in his southeast Virginia high school. The Obama administration said yes, relying on its interpretation of a federal regulation under a 1972 law, Title IX, that bans discrimination “on the basis of sex” in schools that receive federal money.
The Department of Education said in 2015 that schools “generally must treat transgender students consistent with their gender identity.” Last year, the department went further, saying that schools could lose federal money if they discriminated against transgender students.
The Trump administration withdrew that guidance last month, saying it had been formulated without “due regard for the primary role of the states and local school districts in establishing educational policy.”
The letter announcing the new policy, signed by officials in the Education and Justice Departments, said schools must still take steps to protect all students from “discrimination, bullying or harassment.”
Individual school districts remain free to let transgender students use the bathrooms of their choice. The practical effect of the Trump administration’s change in position was limited, as a federal court had issued a nationwide injunction barring enforcement of the Obama administration’s guidance.
It will now be up to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit, in Richmond, Va., to answer whether Title IX protects the rights of Mr. Grimm and other transgender students.
Mr. Grimm attends Gloucester High School. For a time, school administrators allowed him to use the boys’ bathroom, but the local school board later adopted a policy that required students to use the bathrooms and locker rooms for their “corresponding biological genders.” The board added that “students with gender identity issues” would be allowed to use private bathrooms.
The American Civil Liberties Union, which represents Mr. Grimm, told the justices that requiring Mr. Grimm to use a private bathroom had been humiliating and had, quoting him, “turned him into ‘a public spectacle’ before the entire community, ‘like a walking freak show.’”
After Mr. Grimm challenged the school board’s bathroom policy in court in 2015, a divided Fourth Circuit panel ruled the policy unlawful. A trial judge then ordered school officials to let Mr. Grimm use the boys’ bathroom.
A 1975 regulation adopted under Title IX allowed schools to provide “separate toilet, locker rooms and shower facilities on the basis of sex.” The Fourth Circuit said that the rule was ambiguous and that the Education Department’s interpretation of it was entitled to “controlling weight.”
Both sides had hoped the Supreme Court would decide the case, Gloucester County School Board v. G.G., No. 16-273, even after the Trump administration withdrew its guidance on the meaning of the regulation.
In a letter to the justices last week, Joshua A. Block, a lawyer with the A.C.L.U., said the administration’s change in position did not render the case moot, as the basic question of what Title IX meant remained. “The underlying principle that discrimination against transgender individuals is a form of discrimination on the basis of sex has been widely accepted in the lower courts for years,” he wrote.
“Delaying resolution would provide no benefit to the court and would needlessly prolong harm to transgender students across the country awaiting this court’s decision,” Mr. Block wrote.
In a second letter, S. Kyle Duncan, a lawyer for the school board, agreed that the case should proceed, though he suggested a brief delay to allow the Trump administration to weigh in.
A ruling on the meaning of Title IX, Mr. Duncan wrote, “will save the parties — as well as public and private parties involved in similar disputes throughout the nation — enormous litigation costs as well as needless and divisive political controversy.”
The Supreme Court rejected those requests, apparently preferring to wait for a cleaner presentation of the issues in a different case.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The White House on Monday refused to acknowledge reports that James B. Comey, the F.B.I. director, had asked the Justice Department to refute President Trump’s claim that President Barack Obama wiretapped him during the 2016 presidential campaign, and said Mr. Trump still believes he was spied on.
Mr. Comey urged the Justice Department this weekend to push back against Mr. Trump’s claims, but the department has not said anything publicly. The New York Times first reported about Mr. Comey’s  request to the Justice Department on Sunday, and other news media organizations followed suit.
Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, dismissed the stories on Monday. “I have not seen anything, aside from another report based on anonymous sources, that that actually happened,” Mr. Spicer said. “I’m not aware that that occurred. I don’t think that we’re aware that that occurred.”
Mr. Spicer did not say why Mr. Trump or other administration officials had not reached out directly to the Justice Department or Mr. Comey to find out whether Mr. Trump’s accusations are true. And Mr. Spicer provided little evidence to back up Mr. Trump’s claim about Mr. Obama.
At one point, Mr. Spicer pointed to comments by Michael Mukasey, who served as attorney general in the administration of George W. Bush, as evidence of the eavesdropping. Mr. Mukasey said on television Sunday that based on reports he had read in the press, he believed Mr. Trump was probably right about the surveillance.
“There’s no question that something happened,” Mr. Spicer said. “The question is: Is it surveillance, or wiretapping or whatever?”
Mr. Spicer said that Mr. Trump still had confidence in the F.B.I. director. “There’s nothing that I have been told by him that would leave me to believe that anything is different than it was prior,” Mr. Spicer said.
But the president could be headed for a confrontation with Mr. Comey that would pit the administration against the head of the nation’s leading law enforcement agency, which is conducting an inquiry into links between Mr. Trump’s associates and Russia.
Mr. Trump, who has already fired his national security adviser and acting attorney general, could dismiss Mr. Comey, but that would probably lead to significant backlash from lawmakers and federal authorities who would see such a move as an attempt to influence the Russia investigation.
Mr. Trump started the controversy early Saturday morning with a series of Twitter posts.
“Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my ‘wires tapped’ in Trump Tower just before the victory,” Mr. Trump said. “Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!”
Mr. Trump added: “This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!”
The White House has not officially said what led Mr. Trump to make the claims. But administration officials have acknowledged that they were primarily prompted by unverified claims by Breitbart News and conservative talk radio hosts that secret warrants were issued authorizing tapping the phones of Mr. Trump and his aides.
Mr. Comey was said to be disturbed by Mr. Trump’s claims about Mr. Obama, which insinuated that the F.B.I. had broken the law and raised the public’s expectations about how much evidence federal authorities might have had on Mr. Trump. For the Justice Department to have obtained a warrant to eavesdrop on him, federal authorities would have had to prove to a judge that there was significant evidence that he was breaking the law or was the agent of a foreign power.
Along with asking the House and Senate Intelligence Committees to investigate whether Mr. Obama eavesdropped on Mr. Trump, Mr. Spicer called on the committees to investigate what he called a steady stream of national security leaks since Mr. Trump took office. Mr. Spicer said the White House would not commit to accepting the findings of those investigations.
“I don’t think you would ever just blanketly say, ‘I’m going to accept any outcome,’” Mr. Spicer said.
Some Republicans said on Monday that spying was a hallmark of Mr. Obama’s administration, claiming that during his time in office the Internal Revenue Service targeted conservative groups. Other Republicans defended the impartiality of the Justice Department and F.B.I.
“I don’t think the F.B.I. is the Obama team, and I don’t think the men and women who are career prosecutors at D.O.J. belong to any team other than a blindfolded woman holding a set of scales,” Representative Trey Gowdy, Republican of South Carolina, said in an interview on Fox News.
“We have certain tools this country needs to keep us safe — and it is great and wise and prudent and legal for those tools to be used lawfully and appropriately,” Mr. Gowdy said, referring to court-approved wiretapping. “If they are not used lawfully and appropriately, there is a paper trail, and we will be able to find it out.”
Mr. Gowdy, who headed the committee that investigated the 2012 attacks on American outposts in Benghazi, Libya, said that with the Obama administration out of office, “any information that the current Department of Justice has that suggests the previous Department of Justice acted inappropriately — they are welcome to release it.”
Senator Patrick Leahy, Democrat of Vermont, said he had “never seen anything so outlandish, outrageous or incomprehensible” as Mr. Trump’s claims.
“I’ve never seen anything like this — ever — since I’ve been here,” Mr. Leahy said. “It is completely unprecedented, and it is destructive of our democracy.”



ARTICLE
Last week at the Supreme Court, a lawyer made what seemed like an unremarkable point about registered sex offenders.
“This court has recognized that they have a high rate of recidivism and are very likely to do this again,” said the lawyer, Robert C. Montgomery, who was defending a North Carolina statute that bars sex offenders from using Facebook, Twitter and other social media services.
The Supreme Court has indeed said the risk that sex offenders will commit new crimes is “frightening and high.” That phrase, in a 2003 decision upholding Alaska’s sex offender registration law, has been exceptionally influential. It has appeared in more than 100 lower-court opinions, and it has helped justify laws that effectively banish registered sex offenders from many aspects of everyday life.
But there is vanishingly little evidence for the Supreme Court’s assertion that convicted sex offenders commit new offenses at very high rates. The story behind the notion, it turns out, starts with a throwaway line in a glossy magazine.
Justice Anthony M. Kennedy’s majority opinion in the 2003 case, Smith v. Doe, cited one of his own earlier opinions for support, and that opinion did include a startling statistic. “The rate of recidivism of untreated offenders has been estimated to be as high as 80 percent,” Justice Kennedy wrote in the earlier case, McKune v. Lile.
He cited what seemed to be a good source for the statistic: “A Practitioner’s Guide to Treating the Incarcerated Male Sex Offender,” published in 1988 by the Justice Department.
The guide, a compendium of papers from outside experts, is 231 pages long, and it contains lots of statistics on sex offender recidivism rates. Many of them were in the single digits, some a little higher. Only one source claimed an 80 percent rate, and the guide itself said that number might be exaggerated.
The source of the 80 percent figure was a 1986 article in Psychology Today, a magazine written for a general audience. The article was about a counseling program run by the authors, and they made a statement that could be good for business. “Most untreated sex offenders released from prison go on to commit more offenses — indeed, as many as 80 percent do,” the article said, without evidence or elaboration.
That’s it. The basis for much of American jurisprudence and legislation about sex offenders was rooted in an offhand and unsupported statement in a mass-market magazine, not a peer-reviewed journal.
“Unfortunately,” Melissa Hamilton wrote in a new article in The Boston College Law Review, “the Supreme Court’s scientifically dubious guidance on the actual risk of recidivism that sex offenders pose has been unquestionably repeated by almost all other lower courts that have upheld the public safety need for targeted sex offender restrictions.”
The most detailed examination of how all of this came to pass was in a 2015 article in Constitutional Commentary by Ira Mark Ellman and Tara Ellman, who were harshly critical of the Supreme Court.
“Its endorsement has transformed random opinions by self-interested nonexperts into definitive studies offered to justify law and policy, while real studies by real scientists go unnoticed,” the authors wrote. “The court’s casual approach to the facts of sex offender re-offense rates is far more frightening than the rates themselves.”
There are many ways to calculate recidivism rates, and they vary depending on a host of distinctions. A 2014 Justice Department report found, for instance, that sex offenders generally have low overall recidivism rates for crimes. But they are more likely to commit additional sex offenses than other criminals.
In the three years after release from prison, 1.3 percent of people convicted of other kinds of crimes were arrested for sex offenses, compared to 5.3 percent of sex offenders. Those findings are broadly consistent with seven reports in various states, which found that people convicted of sex crimes committed new sex offenses at rates of 1.7 percent to 5.7 percent in time periods ranging from three to 10 years.
The Justice Department report said the risk of new sex offenses by convicted sex offenders rises over time, reaching 27 percent over 20 years.
That number is significant, but it is nothing like 80 percent. Perhaps it is sufficient to warrant harsh sex offender registry laws, but judges and lawmakers would have been better served by basing their judgments on the best available data.
Lower courts generally accept what the Supreme Court says. That is true not only about the law but also about facts subject to independent verification. Last year, though, the federal appeals court in Cincinnati gently suggested that the Supreme Court had taken a wrong turn in its 2003 decision in Smith v. Doe.
Judge Alice M. Batchelder, writing for a unanimous three-judge panel, described “the significant doubt cast by recent empirical studies on the pronouncement in Smith that ‘the risk of recidivism posed by sex offenders is “frightening and high.’”
The appeals court struck down a particularly strict Michigan sex-offender law as a violation of the Constitution’s ex post facto clause, saying it retroactively imposed punishment on people who had committed offenses before the law was enacted. The state has asked the Supreme Court to consider the case, Does v. Snyder, No. 16-768. The first paragraph of its petition says that the risk of recidivism “remains ‘frightening and high.’”
The constitutional question in the case is interesting and substantial. And hearing the case would allow the court to consider more fully its casual assertion that sex offenders are especially dangerous.



ARTICLE
Standing before political and business leaders in New York last fall, Alexander Nix promised a revolution.
Many companies compete in the market for political microtargeting, using huge data sets and sophisticated software to identify and persuade voters. But Mr. Nix’s little-known firm, Cambridge Analytica, claimed to have developed something unique: “psychographic” profiles that could predict the personality and hidden political leanings of every American adult.
“Of the two candidates left in the election, one of them is using these technologies,” Mr. Nix said, referring to Donald J. Trump.
Capitalizing on its work for the man who is now president, Cambridge has pitched potential clients in the United States ranging from MasterCard and the New York Yankees to the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Ahead of this year’s elections in Europe, Mr. Nix is promoting the four-year-old United States-based company abroad, too.
Cambridge Analytica’s rise has rattled some of President Trump’s critics and privacy advocates, who warn of a blizzard of high-tech, Facebook-optimized propaganda aimed at the American public, controlled by the people behind the alt-right hub Breitbart News. Cambridge is principally owned by the billionaire Robert Mercer, a Trump backer and investor in Breitbart. Stephen K. Bannon, the former Breitbart chairman who is Mr. Trump’s senior White House counselor, served until last summer as vice president of Cambridge’s board.
But a dozen Republican consultants and former Trump campaign aides, along with current and former Cambridge employees, say the company’s ability to exploit personality profiles — “our secret sauce,” Mr. Nix once called it — is exaggerated.
Cambridge executives now concede that the company never used psychographics in the Trump campaign. The technology — prominently featured in the firm’s sales materials and in media reports that cast Cambridge as a master of the dark campaign arts — remains unproved, according to former employees and Republicans familiar with the firm’s work.
“They’ve got a lot of really smart people,” said Brent Seaborn, managing partner of TargetPoint, a rival business that also provided voter data to the Trump campaign. “But it’s not as easy as it looks to transition from being excellent at one thing and bringing it into politics. I think there’s a big question about whether we think psychographic profiling even works.”
At stake are not merely bragging rights, but also an emerging science that many believe could reshape American politics and commerce. Big data companies already know your age, income, favorite cereal and when you last voted. But the company that can perfect psychological targeting could offer far more potent tools: the ability to manipulate behavior by understanding how someone thinks and what he or she fears.
A voter deemed neurotic might be shown a gun-rights commercial featuring burglars breaking into a home, rather than a defense of the Second Amendment; political ads warning of the dangers posed by the Islamic State could be targeted directly at voters prone to anxiety, rather than wasted on those identified as optimistic.
“You can do things that you would not have dreamt of before,” said Alexander Polonsky, chief data scientist at Bloom, a consulting firm that offers “emotion analysis” of social networks and has worked with the center-right Republican Party in France.
“It goes beyond sharing information,” he added. “It’s sharing the thinking and the feeling behind this information, and that’s extremely powerful.”
Both conservatives and liberals are eager to harness that power. In Washington, some Democratic operatives are scrambling to develop personality-profiling capabilities of their own. But even as Cambridge seeks to expand its business among conservative groups, questions about its performance have soured many Republicans in Mr. Trump’s orbit.
Cambridge is no longer in contention to work for Mr. Trump at the Republican National Committee, a company spokesman confirmed, nor is it working for America First Policies, a new nonprofit formed to help advance the president’s agenda.
In recent months, the value of Cambridge’s technology has been debated by technology experts and in some media accounts. But Cambridge officials, in recent interviews, defended the company’s record during the 2016 election, saying its data analysis helped Mr. Trump energize critical support in the Rust Belt. Mr. Nix said the firm had conducted tens of thousands of polls for Mr. Trump, helping guide his message and identify issues that mattered to voters.
But when asked to name a single race where the firm’s flagship product had been critical to victory, Mr. Nix declined.
“We bake a cake, it’s got 10 ingredients in it. Psychographics is one of them,” he said. “It’s very difficult to isolate exactly what the impact of that ingredient is.”
Cambridge’s parent company, the London-based Strategic Communication Laboratories Group, has a long record of trying to understand and influence behavior. Founded in 1993 by a former British adman, the firm has worked for companies and candidates around the world, as well as for government and military clients. SCL has studied Pakistani jihadists for the British government and provided intelligence assessments for American defense contractors in Iran, Libya and Syria, according to company documents obtained by The New York Times.
“Their approach was seen as serious and focused,” said Mark Laity, chief of strategic communications at NATO’s military headquarters in Europe, who has taken part in NATO-affiliated conferences where SCL has made presentations.
In recent years, the company has moved to exploit the revolution in big data to predict human behavior more precisely, working with scientists from the Cambridge University Psychometrics Center. The United States represented a critical new market. Europe has strict privacy protections that limit the use of personal information, but America is more lightly regulated, allowing the sale of huge troves of consumer data to any company or candidate who can afford them.
In 2013, Cambridge Analytica was created as SCL’s American operation, and the two companies today share many of their roughly 200 employees, several top executives, and offices in New York and Washington.
To develop its profiling system, Cambridge conducts detailed psychological surveys — by phone and online — of tens of thousands of people, differentiating them by five traits, a model widely used by behavioral researchers.
Uniquely, the company claims to be able to extrapolate those findings to millions of other people it has not surveyed, assigning them one of 32 distinct personality types. Cambridge then blends those profiles with commercial data and voting histories, revealing “hidden voter trends and behavioral triggers,” according to a 2016 company brochure.
Those profiles, in turn, would allow campaigns to customize advertising, direct-mail slogans and door-knocking scripts, each calibrated to prod the targeted voter toward — or away from — a candidate.
The promise of psychometrics appealed to Mr. Mercer, a computer scientist who made a fortune helping to lead Renaissance Technologies, a Long Island-based hedge fund. Mr. Mercer and his daughter Rebekah presided over a growing political empire that included millions of dollars in contributions to conservative groups and a stake in Breitbart, whose nationalist and racially antagonistic content prefigured Mr. Trump’s presidential campaign.
Mr. Mercer became Cambridge’s principal investor, according to two former employees. (Like several others interviewed for this article, they spoke on the condition of anonymity, citing nondisclosure agreements and the threat of lawsuits.) Mr. Bannon, the family’s political guru, also advised the company and served as vice president of its board, according to Delaware public records.
Mr. Mercer has never spoken publicly about his policy views in depth, but his giving is eclectic: He has financed anti-Clinton documentaries, right-wing media watchdogs, libertarian think tanks and both Senator Ted Cruz, a religious conservative, and Mr. Trump, a thrice-married nationalist.
“The genius here is Bob, and the billionaire in this is Bob, and the person with the extreme views of how the world should be is Bob,” said David Magerman, a Renaissance research scientist who was recently suspended after criticizing his boss’s support for Mr. Trump.
In the run-up to the 2014 elections, Breitbart, under Mr. Bannon, set up a London office and made common cause with populist conservatives in Europe. But back in the United States, Cambridge was at first slow to land big accounts. It was rebuffed by the political network overseen by the billionaire conservative brothers Charles G. and David H. Koch, to which the Mercers were major donors. Federal Election Commission records show that the firm had nine clients in House and Senate races that year, among them three “super PACs” partly financed by Mr. Mercer.
As the 2016 presidential campaign began, however, Cambridge landed a marquee political client: Mr. Cruz, the Texas senator. Mr. Mercer seeded a super PAC with $11 million to support him.
Cambridge had a talented salesman in Mr. Nix, an Eton-educated SCL director chosen to lead the American effort. Among colleagues, his skills at cajoling clients are legendary. At an office party at a London dog track in the summer of 2015, one young employee offered an affectionate toast.
“He is so smooth he’ll rub shoulders with politicians and their campaigns,” the employee joked, according to a video of the event posted on YouTube, “and, in their face, tell them he’s going to rip them off.”
But Cambridge’s psychographic models proved unreliable in the Cruz presidential campaign, according to Rick Tyler, a former Cruz aide, and another consultant involved in the campaign. In one early test, more than half the Oklahoma voters whom Cambridge had identified as Cruz supporters actually favored other candidates. The campaign stopped using Cambridge’s data entirely after the South Carolina primary.
“When they were hired, from the outset it didn’t strike me that they had a wide breadth of experience in the American political landscape,” Mr. Tyler said.
Ms. Mercer and Mr. Bannon were aggressive advocates for Cambridge. When the campaign disputed a $2.5 million invoice, they lit into Mr. Cruz’s senior campaign team during a conference call, according to the consultant. Cambridge Analytica, Ms. Mercer and Mr. Bannon claimed, was the only thing keeping Mr. Cruz afloat. (The company declined to comment on the exchange, as did a personal spokeswoman for Mr. Bannon and the Mercers.)
After the Cruz campaign flamed out, Mr. Nix persuaded Mr. Trump’s digital director, Brad Parscale, to try out the firm. Its data products were considered for Mr. Trump’s critical get-out-the-vote operation. But tests showed Cambridge’s data and models were slightly less effective than the existing Republican National Committee system, according to three former Trump campaign aides.
Mr. Bannon at one point agreed to expand the company’s role, according to the aides, authorizing Cambridge to oversee a $5 million purchase of television ads. But after some of them appeared on cable channels in Washington, D.C. — hardly an election battleground — Cambridge’s involvement in television targeting ended.
In postelection conversations with potential clients, Cambridge has promoted itself as the brains behind Mr. Trump’s upset victory. One brochure circulated to clients this year, which details Cambridge’s expertise in behavioral targeting, also calls the company’s “pivotal role” in electing Mr. Trump its “biggest success politically in the United States.”
Trump aides, though, said Cambridge had played a relatively modest role, providing personnel who worked alongside other analytics vendors on some early digital advertising and using conventional microtargeting techniques. Later in the campaign, Cambridge also helped set up Mr. Trump’s polling operation and build turnout models used to guide the candidate’s spending and travel schedule. None of those efforts involved psychographics.
In some recent public settings, Cambridge executives have acknowledged that. “I don’t want to break your heart; we actually didn’t do any psychographics with the Trump campaign,” Matt Oczkowski, Cambridge’s head of product, said at a postelection panel hosted by Google in December.
The firm’s claims about its client base have also shifted. As recently as October, the firm said it had 50 clients in the 2016 elections. But a company spokesman said federal elections records showing just a dozen were correct.
The spokesman also said neither Cambridge nor SCL had done any work, paid or unpaid, with the pro-“Brexit” Leave.eu campaign last year, although Mr. Nix once claimed that Cambridge had helped “supercharge” Leave.eu’s social media campaign. British authorities are now investigating the company’s exact role with Leave.eu and whether Cambridge’s techniques violated British and European privacy laws.
At a conference in Munich last month, Alexander Tayler, Cambridge’s chief data officer, dodged a question about whether Cambridge would work with far-right parties in European elections this year. He also played down the role of psychological profiling in the company’s work, much of which, Mr. Tayler suggested, is still based on traditional data analytics and marketing.
“It’s not about being sinister,” Mr. Tayler said. “It’s not about tricking people into voting for a candidate who they wouldn’t otherwise support. It’s just about making marketing more efficient.”
Even before the election, according to one former employee, Cambridge employees attended sessions about soliciting government business in the United States — where Mr. Trump now oversees the federal bureaucracy and Mr. Bannon is arguably the White House’s most powerful staff member. According to documents obtained by The Times, SCL is pursuing work for at least a dozen federal agencies, including the Commerce Department and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.
Mr. Bannon’s spokeswoman said he stepped down from the Cambridge board in August, when he joined the Trump campaign, and “has no financial involvement” with the firm currently. She declined to say whether Mr. Bannon previously held equity in the firm.
Late last month, SCL executives met with Pentagon officials who advise the Joint Chiefs of Staff on information warfare. A reference document submitted in advance of that meeting indicates that the company has worked as a subcontractor on roughly a dozen Pentagon projects, many of them “counter-radicalization” assessments in Pakistan and Yemen.
Such intelligence work is the bread and butter of SCL’s government contracting in other countries. And the firm’s experience in trying to influence Muslim sentiment abroad dovetails with Mr. Trump and Mr. Bannon’s focus on combating the Islamic State.
The Washington Post reported last month that SCL had secured a contract for a similar program at the State Department and was seeking military and Homeland Security work.
In an email, a Joint Chiefs spokesman confirmed that the Pentagon meeting, first reported by BuzzFeed, had occurred, but said he could not elaborate on the discussions “in order to avoid any undue influence or unintended consequences.”
At the moment, according to former employees, Cambridge has relatively few well-known corporate clients in the United States. Among them are ECI New York, a clothing company, and Goldline, which sells gold coins and markets heavily to listeners of conservative talk radio.
A spokesman for MasterCard declined to say if it would do business with Cambridge. The Yankees did not sign on.
But Mr. Nix appears to have bigger ambitions. “I think were are on the cusp of something enormous,” he said.
Data science is about to reshape marketing, Mr. Nix maintained, and the big advertising conglomerates would survive only by developing their own targeting technology — or acquiring companies like Cambridge.
“Those agencies that don’t adapt will die,” Mr. Nix said.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump is expected to issue on Monday a new version of his executive order on immigration that excludes Iraq, a key ally in the fight against the Islamic State, from a list of predominantly Muslim countries whose citizens will face temporary restrictions on travel to the United States.
The new order would temporarily stop all refugee admissions to the United States, said a senior administration official familiar with it. The previous version included a 120-day ban on all refugees other than Syrians, who were barred indefinitely.
The new order removes the extra restrictions on Syrian refugees. It is unclear how long the temporary ban would last.
The earlier order has been blocked by the courts; the change on refugees is intended to help the new version withstand legal scrutiny. The new order would not affect people with green cards or those holding a valid visa at the time the order is signed.
While some provisions in the new order have been relaxed, Mr. Trump and immigration hard-liners in the administration are expected to assert that the new version is no less strict because it retains a temporary ban on refugees.
The senior administration official said Iraq had been removed from the travel ban after Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson had discussions with the Iraqi government about its vetting processes. The Iraqi officials insisted that their vetting system was thorough enough on its own.
Some American officials had expressed concern that the restrictions would have affected Iraqis who had worked with the American military as interpreters or in other roles and sought to come to the United States.
The official said the executive order is expected to be signed on Monday. David Lapan, a spokesman for the Department of Homeland Security, referred all questions about the new executive order to the White House.
Mr. Trump’s previous order — which temporarily barred visitors from Iraq, Syria, Sudan, Iran, Somalia, Libya and Yemen — set off chaos and confusion at airports around the world. The new order retains a temporary travel ban on the six countries other than Iraq.
After the first order was issued in January, passengers, many of them with green cards that allow them to live and work in the United States, were barred from flights into the country. Other people with visas were suddenly unsure if they would be allowed into the United States, and many of those who managed to arrive were stopped at airports.
While the new restrictions are intended to withstand legal scrutiny, they are likely to set off similar court challenges.
The previous executive order was criticized by several former high-ranking diplomatic and security officials, who said there was no national security purpose for the travel ban.
Trump administration officials, including John F. Kelly, the homeland security secretary, defended the previous restrictions, saying they were needed because the countries listed did not have vetting systems in place that could guarantee that immigrants and other travelers from those nations did not pose a threat to the United States.
“I believe that the travel pause from all of those countries will give us time to evaluate those countries and the information they can provide us, which will ultimately lead to safety for the American people,” Mr. Kelly told a Senate committee last month.
But an intelligence assessment from Mr. Kelly’s own department said there was little evidence that those travelers posed an unusual threat.
The three-page report found that “country of citizenship is unlikely to be a reliable indicator of potential terrorist activity.”
The assessment, first reported by The Associated Press, found that only a small number of people from the seven countries had been involved in terrorism-related activities in the United States since the Syrian civil war began in 2011.
The report also found that in the past six years, the terrorism threat had reached much more widely than the seven countries listed: People from 26 countries had been “inspired” to carry out attacks in the United States, it said.
The new order is the first of several security measures planned for America’s borders. Mr. Trump has ordered the Department of Homeland Security to hire an additional 5,000 Border Patrol agents, and Customs and Border Protection has begun accepting design proposals for a wall along the border with Mexico.
Mr. Kelly said the administration was considering requiring foreign visitors to provide lists of the websites they have visited. This would enable intelligence officials “to get on those websites to see what they’re looking at,” he told senators last month.
The United States also made changes to the visa waiver program in 2016 that made it harder for travelers to enter the United States from Europe if they had dual citizenship from Iran, Iraq, Sudan or Syria, or had visited one of those countries, or Libya, Somalia or Yemen, since 2011.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — It began at 6 p.m. Thursday as a conspiratorial rant on conservative talk radio: President Barack Obama had used the “instrumentalities of the federal government” to wiretap the Republican seeking to succeed him. This “is the big scandal,” Mark Levin, the host, told his listeners.
By Friday morning, the unsubstantiated allegation had been picked up by Breitbart News, the site once headed by President Trump’s chief strategist, Stephen K. Bannon. Less than 24 hours later, the president embraced the conspiracy in a series of Twitter posts accusing his predecessor of spying on him, setting in motion the latest head-spinning, did-he-really-say-that furor of Mr. Trump’s six-week-old presidency.
Previous presidents usually measured their words to avoid a media feeding frenzy, but Mr. Trump showed again over the weekend that he feeds off the frenzy. Uninhibited by the traditional protocols of his office, he makes the most incendiary assertions based on shreds of suspicion. He does so without consulting some of his most senior aides, or even agencies of his own government that might have contrary information. After setting off a public firestorm with no proof, he then calls for an investigation to find the missing evidence.
To his adversaries, Mr. Trump’s bomb-throwing seems like a calculated strategy to distract from another story he wants to avoid. In this case, they said Sunday, he clearly wanted to turn the conversation away from Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who recused himself last week from any federal investigation into the Trump campaign’s links with Russia in response to reports that he had met with Russia’s ambassador during the presidential race. Instead of what Mr. Sessions did or did not do, the Sunday talk shows were dominated by discussion about what Mr. Obama did or did not do.
But in shifting the story, Mr. Trump also kept the Russia investigation front and center, rather than his initiatives on health care, taxes or jobs. His first address to Congress, which won him plaudits for being presidential, was last week but now feels ages ago. Even some Republicans pointed out that if an eavesdropping warrant had been approved, it would mean that a judge was convinced that someone in Mr. Trump’s circle might have committed a crime or acted as a foreign agent.
“I’m very worried that our president is suggesting that the former president has done something illegally,” Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, told the audience at a town hall-style meeting in his home state over the weekend. At the same time, he said, “I would be very worried if, in fact, the Obama administration was able to obtain a warrant lawfully about Trump campaign activity with a foreign government.”
This was hardly the first time Mr. Trump made a shocking accusation without evidence. He claimed that more than three million people voted against him illegally in November, giving Hillary Clinton a victory in the popular vote. Republican and Democratic officials alike said there was no indication of any such thing, and Mr. Trump’s promised investigation has so far led nowhere.
Nor was it the first time Mr. Trump leveled astonishing allegations against Mr. Obama. He spent years promoting the false claim that Mr. Obama was not born in the United States, promising an investigation to uncover the truth and backing down only last year, during his campaign. And last summer, he asserted that Mr. Obama was “the founder of ISIS.”
The White House remained firm on Sunday even after Mr. Obama’s office denied ordering a wiretap and James R. Clapper Jr., the former director of national intelligence, said on NBC’s “Meet the Press” that there had been no wiretapping of Mr. Trump or his campaign. James B. Comey, the F.B.I. director, privately asked the Justice Department to issue a statement that Mr. Trump’s claim was false, senior officials said, but the department had not done so as of Sunday evening.
“Everybody acts like President Trump is the one that came up with this idea and just threw it out there,” Sarah Huckabee Sanders, a White House spokeswoman, said on “This Week” on ABC News. “There are multiple news outlets that have reported this. And all we’re asking is that we get the same level of look into the Obama administration and the potential that they had for a complete abuse of power that they’ve been claiming that we have done over the last six months.”
Ms. Sanders pointed to reports in “multiple outlets,” including The New York Times, as the foundation for the allegation. Mr. Levin, the radio host, likewise read from a series of mainstream news reports during an appearance on “Fox & Friends” on Sunday.
“The evidence is overwhelming,” he said. “This is not about President Trump’s tweeting. This is about the Obama administration’s spying, and the question isn’t whether it spied.” He added, “The question is who they did spy on, the extent of the spying — that is, the Trump campaign, the Trump transition, Trump surrogates.”
But the news organizations he and Ms. Sanders cited have not reported that Mr. Obama tapped Mr. Trump’s phones, as the president claimed on Twitter. The Times has reported that several of Mr. Trump’s associates are being investigated for their connections with Russians and that law enforcement agencies have examined intercepted communications. It has not reported that those associates themselves have necessarily been wiretapped, but it has reported surveillance of Russians, which is commonplace.
News outlets have noted that a phone call between Michael T. Flynn, Mr. Trump’s first national security adviser, and Russia’s ambassador to the United States, Sergey I. Kislyak, was monitored, leading to Mr. Flynn’s resignation because his account of the conversation did not match the intercept. It is common for the United States to monitor the communications of Russia’s ambassador.
The Times also reported that before leaving office, Obama officials tried to spread information about Russian meddling in the election and possible links between Russia and Trump associates, in order to leave a trail for government investigators.
Some Republicans suggested that Mr. Trump might have extrapolated that into an unfounded assertion. “I think the president was not correct, certainly, in saying that President Obama ordered a tap on a server in Trump Tower,” former Attorney General Michael B. Mukasey said on “This Week.” “However, I think he’s right in that there was surveillance and that it was conducted at the behest of the attorney — of the Justice Department,” through the special court that authorizes eavesdropping on suspected foreign agents inside the United States.
Conservative radio hosts like Mr. Levin and Rush Limbaugh have focused on Mr. Obama’s “tactics” for a while. But it was not until Breitbart published its story that the specific claims crossed Mr. Trump’s desk.
Mr. Trump’s aides — including Mr. Bannon, an anti-establishment figure who has long questioned the motives of parts of the extensive intelligence bureaucracy — have believed for a long time that the Obama administration colluded with federal investigators who were searching for activity between Russian officials and the Trump campaign surrounding the hacking of Democratic National Committee emails.
They have never offered evidence, but Mr. Trump has long dabbled in conspiracy theories. So when Mr. Trump became aware of the claims in the Breitbart article, aides said, they were appealing to him. It was not immediately clear if someone printed the article out for him or if it was part of a collection of Twitter posts and news articles that his aides present to him each day. But it resonated.
Aides say Mr. Trump went into Friday in a foul mood. He had not known ahead of time that Mr. Sessions planned to recuse himself and never thought he should, even after Mr. Sessions acknowledged that he had talked to Mr. Kislyak despite suggesting otherwise in his Senate confirmation hearing.
Mr. Trump told some advisers that he thought Mr. Sessions had fumbled his answer at that hearing. But on Friday morning in an angry session in the Oval Office, the president railed at aides about the recusal, singling out the White House counsel’s office and the communications staff in a tirade visible through the window to a nearby television camera.
Still upset after arriving at Mar-a-Lago, his estate in Palm Beach, Fla., Mr. Trump woke up Saturday morning and began posting on Twitter at 6:26 a.m. In a burst of six messages, he tried to turn the tables by noting that members of the Obama administration also met with Russia’s ambassador. Without citing a source, he asserted that Mr. Obama had tapped his phones, and compared it to Watergate. “Bad (or sick) guy,” the president wrote.
While the political world erupted over the allegation, Mr. Trump was adamant in conversations throughout the day that he was on to something. His chief strategist, Mr. Bannon, the former Breitbart chairman, flew down to Florida with Donald F. McGahn II, the White House counsel, on Saturday.
Late Saturday morning, Mr. Trump’s aides spoke about how to get him to stop posting on Twitter, to avoid opening himself up to further problems. He golfed a little, then returned to the club and began working the phones. At dinner, he roamed the patio, telling a friend, Chris Ruddy, the chief executive of Newsmax Media, that his claims about Mr. Obama would prove true. By Sunday, advisers said, he was fuming that more people were not defending him.
And so he doubled down, calling for a congressional investigation.
“Reports concerning potentially politically motivated investigations immediately ahead of the 2016 election are very troubling,” Mr. Trump’s press secretary, Sean Spicer, said on Twitter. Until then, he said, the president will not comment further.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Republican plans to repeal the Affordable Care Act have encountered a new obstacle: adamant opposition from many older Americans whose health insurance premiums would increase.
AARP and its allies are bombarding congressional offices with objections as two House committees plan to vote on the Republicans’ bill this week.
If the law is repealed, the groups say, people in their 50s and 60s could see premiums rise by $2,000 to $3,000 a year or more: increases of 20 percent to 25 percent or higher.
Under current rules, insurers cannot charge older adults more than three times what they charge young adults for the same coverage. House Republican leaders would allow a ratio of five to one — or more, if states choose.
Insurers support the change, saying it would help them attract larger numbers of young customers.
The current rating restrictions, they say, have increased premiums for young adults, discouraging them from enrolling.
But the Republican proposal would “increase the financial burden of older Americans, making coverage significantly less affordable,” says a letter to Congress from the Leadership Council of Aging Organizations, a coalition of nonprofit groups that represent the interests of older Americans.
The letter was addressed to Representative Greg Walden, Republican of Oregon and the chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, one of two House panels planning to vote this week on a bill that would roll back major provisions of President Barack Obama’s signature domestic accomplishment.
David M. Certner, the legislative policy director of AARP, said the proposal would have “a severe impact on Americans age 50 to 64 who have not yet become eligible for Medicare.”
At the same time, Mr. Certner said, the Republican proposal could reduce the financial assistance available to help people pay insurance premiums.
Republicans say their proposal would reduce insurance prices by stimulating competition and by allowing insurers to sell a leaner, less expensive package of benefits.
In Mr. Walden’s hometown, Hood River, Ore., for example, the average premium for a midlevel silver plan for a 60-year-old man is $10,500 a year, compared with $3,864 for a 21-year-old man, according to HealthCare.gov, the online federal insurance marketplace.
Many people who buy insurance through the exchanges qualify for subsidies to help defray the cost. But people who buy insurance outside the Affordable Care Act marketplace cannot obtain subsidies.
Republicans in the House and the Senate want to change that, so people can get subsidies in the free market outside the public exchange.
Before the Affordable Care Act took effect, about 40 states allowed insurers to charge older adults five times as much as young adults. This appears to be consistent with patterns of medical spending.
“Average spending among people who are 64 years old is about 4.8 times as high as average spending among people who are 21 years old,” the Congressional Budget Office said last year, citing research by actuaries.
Representative Larry Bucshon, Republican of Indiana and a heart surgeon, said the rating restrictions in the 2010 health law had “led to sicker insurance pools and driven younger, healthier patients away from the marketplace.”
“The argument that the three-to-one ratio saves seniors money may not be true,” Mr. Bucshon said. “In fact, I don’t think it is true. It has just increased costs for younger people.”
Republicans contend that benefit mandates in the health law have driven up insurance costs. The House Republican bill would allow states to define the “essential health benefits” that insurers must provide.
Jerry C. Fleming, a retired health insurance executive who worked at Kaiser Permanente for more than 35 years, said on Sunday that the House Republican plan could produce “breathtaking increases in premiums” for older people with low incomes.
Their share of the premium could, in some cases, more than double, he said.
Another provision of the bill drafted by House Republican leaders has come under fire in recent days.
The bill says that, in providing financial assistance to help people buy insurance, federal officials will verify eligibility using the same “methods and procedures” used by the Obama administration under the Affordable Care Act.
Republicans have repeatedly criticized those procedures as inadequate, saying they verify citizenship but not a person’s identity.
The Government Accountability Office, an investigative arm of Congress, has found the marketplaces “vulnerable to fraud” because they do not adequately check the identity of people applying for financial assistance.
In 2010, just before Congress gave final approval to the Affordable Care Act, the conservative House Republican Study Committee said the verification procedures in the bill were “insufficient and ineffective.”
The study committee was headed then by Representative Tom Price, Republican of Georgia, who was sworn in last month as President Trump’s secretary of health and human services.



ARTICLE
President Trump’s claim on Twitter early Saturday that he had “just found out” that “President Obama was tapping my phones in October,” an accusation for which he offered no evidence, has set off another spasm surrounding his young administration. On Sunday, Mr. Trump’s spokesman said the administration was asking Congress to investigate the president’s allegation.
There is ample reason for caution because Mr. Trump has a history of making attention-grabbing and politically explosive claims that have no basis in fact. As things stand, a plausible explanation is that Mr. Trump was merely riffing off a March 3 article on the alt-right website Breitbart.com. It laid out a theory circulating in some conservative circles that President Barack Obama sought to sabotage Mr. Trump through surveillance.
The episode has heightened interest in several related surveillance issues.
Can a president order the wiretapping of an American?
Not legally. There are two lawful ways that allow government officials to target people in the United States for surveillance and to collect the contents of their phone calls and emails: criminal wiretaps, called “Title III” warrants, and national security wiretaps, called Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, or FISA, orders. Both types of wiretapping are ordered by federal judges, after applications from the Justice Department.
If there was a wiretap order targeting Mr. Trump or his associates, what would that mean?
If it was a criminal wiretap, it would mean that the Justice Department had gathered sufficient evidence to convince a federal judge that someone using the phone number or email address probably committed a serious crime. If it was a national security wiretap, it would mean a federal judge on the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court had a basis to believe the target was probably an agent of a foreign power, like Russia.
Could a judge have approved tapping something at Trump Tower for another reason?
Yes. For example, FISA orders have two parts. After determining that there is probable cause to believe that the target is a foreign agent, a judge also has to approve directing surveillance at a particular “facility,” like a phone line or an email address, that the target is probably using to communicate. So in theory, if there was reason to believe that some other lawful target was communicating from Trump Tower, a judge could have authorized surveillance at a facility there for that reason.
What about the computer server registered to Trump Tower?
Several news media outlets have reported that investigators last year were puzzled by data transmissions between a computer server registered to Trump Tower and a computer server associated with a Russian bank. Although Mr. Trump on Twitter talked about his “phones,” in theory a judge might determine that the computer address of the server was a facility being used by a foreign power, Russia, to communicate, and authorize surveillance of it.
Isn’t there a report about an October surveillance court order involving that server?
Yes. The Breitbart story relied heavily on a Nov. 7 article by a British writer on the news and opinion website HeatStreet. It claimed that the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court had approved a “warrant” in October in connection with activity between Russian banks and the server, which it said — and Breitbart repeated — was in Trump Tower. It further stated that “it is thought in the intelligence community” that this purported warrant permitted the collection of emails and other communications of Americans connected to the server investigation, which “thus covers Donald Trump.”
As things stand, there are reasons to be skeptical. HeatStreet had vague sourcing — two “sources with links to the counterintelligence community” — and it does not regularly publish investigative stories about American intelligence or law enforcement operations. To date, reporters for The New York Times with demonstrated sources in that world have been unable to corroborate that the court issued any such order. (Computer specialists have also pointed out that the server in question does not appear to be located in Trump Tower.) On Sunday, James Clapper, who was the director of national intelligence until Jan. 20, denied to NBC News that the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court had approved monitoring at Trump Tower.
What about wiretapping Michael Flynn’s calls with the Russian ambassador?
In a related matter, some conservatives have raised alarms about why the government eavesdropped on the late-December phone calls about sanctions between the Russian ambassador and Michael Flynn, who resigned last month as Mr. Trump’s national security adviser. But national security specialists say it is routine that counterintelligence officials would monitor the Russian ambassador, who is a clearly an agent of a foreign power, and so would “incidentally” pick up Mr. Flynn, too. The rules generally require officials to “minimize” the privacy intrusion by masking the names and data of incidentally intercepted Americans before sharing reports or transcripts of those calls more widely within the government. However, there is an exception if the conversation constituted foreign intelligence and the American’s identity is necessary to understand its significance, as would be the case with Mr. Flynn’s discussion of sanctions.
Did Obama loosen rules for sharing surveillance?
Yes. In January, the Obama administration changed the rules governing how the National Security Agency may share raw surveillance it intercepts abroad, where the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act does not apply and the agency may vacuum up private communications in bulk. Previously, only analysts at the agency were permitted to search through the raw trove of this information, applying “minimization” rules to information about Americans before sharing anything more widely in the government. Now, analysts from the other 16 intelligence agencies — including the F.B.I. — can sift through certain streams of raw intercepts themselves, applying “minimization” rules afterward.
Some conservative commentators, like Fox News’s Sean Hannity, have floated the theory that news media leaks about contacts between people affiliated with Mr. Trump and Russians may be attributable to this change, asking why Mr. Obama opened the door to many more officials across the government having access to raw National Security Agency intercepts. Several factors complicate that insinuation. The change did not affect collection on American soil under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, which several agencies were already able to share in raw form. Moreover, the recent change had been in the works for years. President George W. Bush set it in motion in 2008, and the bureaucratic deliberations were well developed long before it became clear that Mr. Trump would become president.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump gives Democrats in Congress an ideal adversary, one who can set off impassioned protests and ignite their supporters with a single Twitter post.
But with the Democrats’ power severely limited by their minority status, they cannot conduct congressional investigations. The chances their bills will even get a vote are slim.
What they do possess, they hope, is the power to shame. So they have been offering up bills that stand virtually no chance of passing, like ones forcing Mr. Trump to release his tax returns, with the clear intent of putting Republicans on the record now in hopes that voters will punish them later.
Last week, Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, the House Democratic leader, vowed a weekly vote on the matter. “We’re just going to pound away,” she told colleagues in a closed-door meeting, according to an aide who was present.
The results so far are modest. On Friday, two House Republicans signed a Democratic letter requesting the release of the president’s tax returns, becoming the only Republicans to do so.
During the first six weeks of the Trump administration, Republicans have supported the president with a watch-what-he-does, not-what-he-says approach. It has largely been a policy of muted assent.
Democrats have eagerly filled the void with a steady trickle of measures, using arcane procedures to produce a paper trail. Some have seemingly innocuous aims, like a House bill that would create an independent, bipartisan commission to investigate foreign interference in the 2016 election. The measure has drawn just one Republican co-sponsor.
“I think we’re going at it from all angles, hoping that whether it’s the pressure or wanting to do the right thing,” Republicans will join them, said Representative Eric Swalwell of California, one of the two Democrats who introduced the bill.
Democrats say the tax returns provide a nexus between concerns about Mr. Trump’s personal financial conflicts of interest and his campaign’s ties to the Russian government, issues that have troubled members of the president’s own party.
“I’m for transparency,” Senator Bill Cassidy, Republican of Louisiana, told a few hundred people in a high school cafeteria in Denham Springs, La., on a recent afternoon, stopping well short of a call for legislation.
Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon, the top Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee, has led the chamber’s efforts to disclose Mr. Trump’s returns, a push he said was driven by constituent outrage. “People just kind of gasp,” Mr. Wyden said. “I can tell you it comes up at every one of my town meetings. People think it is very much linked to the Russia issue.”
In the House, Democrats have pressed the issue on several, so far fruitless fronts. Representative Bill Pascrell Jr. of New Jersey, who wrote the letter that has drawn two Republican signatures, introduced a measure that would compel the House Committee on Ways and Means to request Mr. Trump’s tax documents, as it is empowered to do.
Mr. Pascrell used a privileged resolution, a procedure that allows even a single member to bypass leadership to bring up a measure for a vote — and that was more theatrically employed by some House conservatives in the fall in an effort to oust the head of the Internal Revenue Service over objections by their leaders. Mr. Pascrell’s measure failed in a floor vote last week along party lines.
Representative Kevin Brady, Republican of Texas and the chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, has resisted calls to, as he described it to reporters, “rummage around in the tax returns of the president.”
A few Republicans have broken from their party on investigating connections between Mr. Trump’s campaign and Russia. Representative Darrell Issa of California, who narrowly won re-election in November and is considered vulnerable in 2018, recently called for an outside investigation. The House and Senate intelligence committees will conduct their own inquiries.
Representative Walter B. Jones of North Carolina — who, with Representative Mark Sanford of South Carolina, signed Mr. Pascrell’s letter and voted “present” on his measure — said he wanted to send a message to Republican leaders that he intended to keep “an open mind.”
Mr. Jones is also the sole Republican co-sponsor on Mr. Swalwell’s independent commission bill, calling Russian interference in the election “serious business.” (“Here you go again, Walter,” he recalled a couple of Republican colleagues saying to him.)
“If they would not let the politics drive their thinking and let the needs of the American people drive their thinking, then I think some of them would join this effort,” he said.
With control of what legislation comes to the floor in both the House and Senate, Republican leaders have easily fended off Democrats. A House measure seeking more information on Mr. Trump’s conflicts of interest and his ties to Russia was sent to the Judiciary Committee, where it was rejected along party lines last week.
The vote came at the end of the committee’s meeting, hours before Mr. Trump’s address to a joint session of Congress, when many lawmakers were having dinner. When the live stream on the committee’s website temporarily failed, Democrats streamed the meeting on their Facebook pages, a low-yield guerrilla-style tactic.
While Democrats argue that they are giving voice to concerns about the Trump administration, pressuring rivals to cast votes on a contentious subject is a standard political strategy.
Democrats are hoping to use the Republican votes against forcing disclosure of Mr. Trump’s tax returns, and on other issues, in the 2018 midterm elections.
“Now he is the president, he is their standard-bearer,” said Meredith Kelly, a spokeswoman for the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, the campaign arm of House Democrats. “They’ll have real votes on his agenda, from helping him hide his tax returns to helping him hide his connections to Russia.”
But Matt Gorman, a spokesman for the House Republicans’ campaign organization, the National Republican Congressional Committee, said their incumbents had established themselves with their voters, who care more about economic issues than whether a particular lawmaker pushed to see Mr. Trump’s tax returns.
“Voters won’t be swayed by these legislative tactics,” Mr. Gorman said. “They’re stunts.”
Mr. Jones said he saw the efforts to answer lingering questions about the election as a “service” to the Trump administration, as well. “We are an equal branch,” he said. “We have an obligation to the American people, just like the president has. And to me, I think the sooner we start dealing with this situation, the better off we are.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Senator Shelley Moore Capito, Republican of West Virginia, has voted more than 50 times in Congress to repeal the Affordable Care Act. She plans to do it again this spring. But talking with voters in her impoverished state, which has a high rate of drug addiction, obesity and poor health, has given Ms. Capito a new sense of caution.
“I met a woman the other day with a terrible illness,” she said. “She is really sick and really scared.”
Ms. Capito and other Republican lawmakers, particularly in the Senate, increasingly see a need to tread carefully, or even alter course, as party leaders vow to quickly repeal and replace the health care law. That unease is all but certain to have an enormous impact as House and Senate Republicans begin to publicly draft a plan this month.
Animated by full control in Washington, Republicans have chosen a partisan route to remaking the law, in which 218 votes in the House and a mere 50 in the Senate are needed to repeal and replace it. While much of the focus has been on the potential for hard-line conservatives to act as spoilers with their opposition to anything but a bare-bones replacement, there is increased wariness among Republican senators who have the opposite concerns.
“Once low-income people are receiving good health care for the first time, it becomes very difficult for a member of Congress to take that assistance away from them,” said Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine. “To deprive them of that health care is something that now makes a lot of people in my party uncomfortable.” She has co-sponsored a replacement plan that would let states keep many of the law’s components now under fire from House Republicans.
President Trump has heightened the stakes, at times insisting that lawmakers replace the law immediately while repeatedly saying that no one should lose insurance coverage under a replacement plan. Patients with chronic illnesses, drug addicts, rural hospital executives and expectant mothers — many of whom voted for Mr. Trump — have made it clear that they will not support any plan that deprives them of what they now have, even if they dislike its origins in the Obama administration.
“Voters may not know how they got their health care,” said Senator Joe Manchin III, Democrat of West Virginia, who has long endorsed making changes to the law, “but they sure will know who took it away.”
Republicans hope to send a new health care measure to the president’s desk this spring, but vast chasms have been exposed between the most conservative members and other Republicans, and the White House has yet to provide clear guidance by endorsing specific provisions.
While promising to maintain the most attractive parts of the law, like forcing insurers to offer coverage for patients with pre-existing conditions, congressional Republicans have long set a central goal of ensuring “access” to care — not guaranteeing care — while shoring up the insurance marketplace.
But Mr. Trump upended that message when he said in January that any Republican plan would “have insurance for everybody,” a notion he has repeated. Lawmakers have taken notice, sometimes echoing his language.
“I think the no-gaps-in-coverage part is important,” Ms. Capito said, noting that expanded coverage was the Obama administration’s main focus. “For every push, there is a pull.”
Mr. Trump has further complicated matters by insisting that any plan replace the law as soon as it is repealed; Republicans had hoped to put the replacement off.
In addition, the Affordable Care Act’s Medicaid expansion — which has extended coverage to roughly half of the 20 million people who have gained insurance under the law — has been embraced by a majority of governors. Many of them, including Republicans, have said in meetings with both lawmakers and Mr. Trump that they want to continue that program.
“While I clearly have concerns about the expansion’s long-term costs,” Senator Lisa Murkowski, Republican of Alaska, said in an address to the State Legislature last month, “it has strengthened our Native health system and reduced the number of uninsured that are coming into our emergency rooms.
“So as long as this Legislature wants to keep the expansion,” she continued, “Alaska should have the option. So I will not vote to repeal it.”
Even senators in states with no Medicaid expansion concede that the law is baked into the culture, sometimes in ways their constituents are not fully aware of, and in ways they themselves have fought for. Most notably, the Affordable Care Act has increased money and access to programs for Americans with mental illness and drug addiction, especially in states, like Ohio, that accepted the Medicaid expansion and have a large population of opioid drug abusers.
“While we work to reform Medicaid as part of replacing the A.C.A.,” said Senator Rob Portman, Republican of Ohio, who has made the opioid crisis one of his chief concerns, “close attention must be paid to the growing opioid epidemic and the need for drug treatment and recovery.”
Many states that overwhelmingly supported Mr. Trump’s presidential campaign are some of the biggest beneficiaries of the health care law, even if their governors chose not to accept the Medicaid expansion. In some cases, those states still found ways to use the law to offer services like cancer screenings. Other, less-celebrated programs have been a boon, like one that permitted states to create medical “homes” for patients with multiple chronic conditions.
“One of the things that is underappreciated is that there are lots of little things in the A.C.A. that a bunch of red states took advantage of, even if they didn’t expand,” said Richard Frank, a Harvard Medical School professor who worked at the Department of Health and Human Services in the Obama administration. He cited programs for disabled people in Louisiana and Missouri, and guidelines that allowed states to redefine poverty lines to get more residents covered by Medicaid even without the federal expansion.
“Those turned out to be very useful for their costly populations,” Dr. Frank said. “It’s unclear, if they repeal, if Congress would take those away.”
As residents become aware that benefits they have received were part of the health law and may go away, so do their elected representatives.
“In some ways it has been a health care education process for everyone,” Mr. Manchin said. “Even for people here.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Saying their patience is at an end, conservative activist groups backed by the billionaire Koch brothers and other powerful interests on the right are mobilizing to pressure Republicans to fulfill their promise to swiftly repeal the Affordable Care Act.
Their message is blunt and unforgiving, with the goal of reawakening some of the most extensive conservative grass-roots networks in the country. It is a reminder that even as Republicans control both the White House and Congress for the first time in a decade, the party’s activist wing remains restless and will not go along passively for the sake of party unity.
With angry constituents storming town hall-style meetings across the country and demanding that Congress not repeal the law, these new campaigns are a sign of a growing concern on the right that lawmakers might buckle to the pressure.
“We’ve been patient this year, but it is past time to act and to act decisively,” said Tim Phillips, the president of Americans for Prosperity, which is coordinating the push with other groups across the Kochs’ political network. “Our network has spent more money, more time and more years fighting Obamacare than anything else. And now with the finish line in sight, we cannot allow some folks to pull up and give up.”
The new mantra could be summed up as repeal, replace or revolt. Beyond the Koch network, other well-financed conservative groups like the Club for Growth and FreedomWorks are also increasing the pressure. All together, the new campaigns will involve advertising, rallies, phone calls to the Capitol switchboard and efforts to confront lawmakers in their offices with documentation of their own words about the need for repeal.
The Koch groups are calling their campaign “You Promised,” and are prepared to spend heavily, they said.
The initial phase, which will cost in the low six figures, will include a nationwide digital advertising campaign featuring testimonials from people who say they were harmed by the Affordable Care Act. On Tuesday, the groups will kick off the effort with a rally near the Capitol, from which they will dispatch activists to congressional offices. Beyond that, Americans for Prosperity said it was prepared to bring “significant resources” to bear as needed.
FreedomWorks, which is planning a rally in Washington on March 15 to inaugurate its “month of action” on the Affordable Care Act, is sending its activists to Capitol Hill armed with sheafs of paper with quotes from Republicans who have called for repeal. The plan is to track down those Republicans and make them face their own words.
“I think that the only way we get members of Congress to stay the course on this is with constituent pressure,” said Noah Wall, the national director of campaigns for FreedomWorks. If that does not work at first, he added, “I’m going to fill their offices with really angry constituents, and they’re going to listen.
“And if they don’t,” he continued, “I’m going to go back into their district and fill their district offices with angry constituents. And we’ll do this again and again.”
The sudden caution of the Republican Party leadership, as it grapples with the enormously complicated challenge of replacing the Affordable Care Act, has baffled conservatives who have been fighting the health law for years. In the House, Republicans have voted dozens of times to dismantle the law, and it has been a primary issue in congressional races since 2010. Repealing the law, many conservative lawmakers believe, is the one clear mandate they have from voters.
“The reality is, this is existential for Republicans,” said David McIntosh, the president of the Club for Growth, which has been sending emails regularly to its 100,000 members warning that Republicans could be stalling the repeal indefinitely. The group plans to directly target party leaders like Mitch McConnell, the Senate majority leader, and Paul D. Ryan, the House speaker, in a new phase of the campaign.
“If they don’t repeal Obamacare and replace it,” Mr. McIntosh added, “I don’t think they’ll stay in the majority in the next election.”
Implicit in the repeal push is a threat that conservative groups have always wielded over the party when they feel it is not being true to its convictions: primary challenges.
And this early rift between the party’s activist wing and its leadership in Washington could be a taste of what Republicans can expect now that they control the government entirely and are no longer able to blame Democrats for blocking their agenda. After making bold promises over the past few years on issues like overhauling expensive government programs, rewriting the tax code and defunding Planned Parenthood, Republicans face voter demands to follow through.
Republicans remain unable to agree on a health care plan that satisfies both moderates and hard-liners. As President Trump himself acknowledged last week when he tried to explain the delay — “Nobody knew that health care could be so complicated,” he said — it is no easy task to pass a measure that could leave millions uninsured. And polls now show American’s attitudes toward the law are improving as they worry about what could happen if it is suddenly jettisoned.
Democrats, who have been cramming town hall-style meetings to implore Republican lawmakers not to take apart the health law, seem content to let their opponents fight it out in the hope that the divisions will lead to an impasse.
“Their rhetoric that has enabled them to stir up the far right is in collision with the truth,” said Thomas E. Perez, the chairman of the Democratic National Committee.
The repeal effort by the conservative groups is intended to sway members of Congress who may be hesitating because of public pressure back home. That pressure, conservatives said, is no reason to renege.
“This issue has been litigated in four federal elections, and the result has been historic Republican majorities in Congress,” Mr. Phillips of Americans for Prosperity said. “That’s why there is no sympathy when some Republicans talk about contentious town halls or a few hundred calls into their office.”
Americans for Prosperity, which has spent tens of millions of dollars in advertising opposing the Affordable Care Act, is bringing back some of the subjects of its initial ads — ordinary people who spoke about the problems with “government-run medicine” — for its new push. And it is arming activists with supporting evidence — it found, for instance, that 98 percent of Republicans in the Senate, or 51 of the 52, had voted at one point to repeal the law.
“Congressional Republicans have promised an Obamacare repeal in unequivocal terms,” Mr. Phillips said. “It’s time for them to keep their promise.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Giants in telecommunications, like Verizon and AT&T, will not have to take “reasonable measures” to ensure that their customers’ Social Security numbers, web browsing history and other personal information are not stolen or accidentally released.
Wall Street banks like Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase will not be punished, at least for now, for not collecting extra money from customers to cover potential losses from certain kinds of high-risk trades that helped unleash the 2008 financial crisis.
And Social Security Administration data will no longer be used to try to block individuals with disabling mental health issues from buying handguns, nor will hunters be banned from using lead-based bullets, which can accidentally poison wildlife, on 150 million acres of federal lands.
These are just a few of the more than 90 regulations that federal agencies and the Republican-controlled Congress have delayed, suspended or reversed in the month and a half since President Trump took office, according to a tally by The New York Times.
The emerging effort — dozens more rules could be eliminated in the coming weeks — is one of the most significant shifts in regulatory policy in recent decades. It is the leading edge of what Stephen K. Bannon, Mr. Trump’s chief strategist, described late last month as “the deconstruction of the administrative state.”
In many cases, records show that the changes came after appeals by corporate lobbyists and trade association executives, who see a potentially historic opportunity to lower compliance costs and drive up profits. Slashing regulations, they argue, will unleash economic growth.
On a near daily basis, regulated industries are now sending in specific requests to the Trump administration for more rollbacks, including recent appeals from 17 automakers to rescind an agreement to increase mileage standards for their fleets, and another from pharmaceutical industry figures to reverse a new rule that tightens scrutiny over the marketing of prescription drugs for unapproved uses. As of late Friday, word had leaked that the automakers’ request for a rollback was about to be granted, too.
“After a relentless, eight-year regulatory onslaught that loaded unprecedented burdens on businesses and the economy, relief is finally on the way,” Thomas J. Donohue, the president of the United States Chamber of Commerce, wrote in a memo last week.
But dozens of public interest groups — environmentalists, labor unions, consumer watchdogs — have weighed in on the potential threat to Americans’ well-being. “Americans did not vote to be exposed to more health, safety, environmental and financial dangers,” said one letter, signed by leaders of 137 nonprofit groups to the White House last week.
In other cases, the Obama-era rules under attack have drawn objections even from some liberal groups that called them examples of overreach, like the American Civil Liberties Union’s protest of a system to block mentally ill people from buying guns.
The regulatory retrenchment is unfolding on multiple fronts.
Congress, with Mr. Trump’s approval, has erased three Obama-era rules in the last month, lifting regulations related to coal mining and oil and gas exploration, as well as the sale of guns to the mentally ill. More than 25 more rules could also be erased in the coming weeks; the House has already voted to eliminate nearly half.
Mr. Trump has separately signed executive orders directing agencies to pursue the reversal of other rules, including a requirement that financial advisers act in the interest of their clients, and a rule aimed at protecting drinking water from pollution.
New White House appointees at agencies including the Federal Communications Commission, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Interior Department and the Environmental Protection Agency have also personally intervened in recent weeks to block, delay or start the process to nullify other rules, such as a requirement that corporations publish tallies comparing chief executive pay with average employee wages.
The Trump administration has also imposed a broad regulatory freeze, instructing agencies to delay the adoption of any rules not already in effect, and to consider whether those rules should be targeted for elimination.
And it has set up barriers to enact any new regulations — such as a requirement that for each new rule, at least two others must be identified for repeal — and ordered every federal agency to create a team of employees to look for more rules that can be eliminated.
“By any empirical measure, it is a level of activity that has never been seen,” said Curtis W. Copeland, who spent decades studying federal regulatory policy on behalf of Congress while at the Congressional Research Service and the Government Accountability Office. “It is unprecedented.”
Mr. Trump, in his  address to Congress last week, called it “a historic effort to massively reduce job-crushing regulations,” a line that drew thunderous applause from Republicans.
Presidents wield considerable influence over the rule-making process. They set the agenda and appoint the rule-makers, and, since the Reagan administration, a White House office has reviewed every major regulation to try to ensure that benefits to society exceeded compliance costs. It is not uncommon for new presidents to make quick changes in regulatory policy or try to reverse certain last-minute rules their predecessors enacted.
Barack Obama, shortly after being elected president, pressed the E.P.A. to let the State of California set more stringent limits on auto emissions, a proposal that the Bush administration had rejected.
But the courts have generally held that new administrations need to justify such reversals. The Reagan administration tried to rescind a rule requiring airbags in passenger vehicles. The courts found the move unjustified.
“It is not a relevant or adequate defense to say that the president told us to do it,” said Michael Eric Herz, a professor at the Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law in New York.
The Trump administration could face a host of similar challenges — the requirement that agencies must find two regulations to eliminate before enacting any new rules is already being challenged in federal court.
In addition, Democratic attorneys general from New York, Hawaii, Massachusetts, Oregon and Vermont have threatened in recent days to sue the Trump administration to try to block some of the regulatory rollbacks.
It is a radical role reversal for state attorneys general — their Republican colleagues spent the last eight years suing the federal government to block the enactment of many Obama-era rules. Now the Democrats are planning to try to prevent many of these same rules from being revoked.
“Demolish the administrative state? I don’t even know what that means,” Attorney General Maura Healey of Massachusetts said during a visit to Washington last week, where she and other state attorneys general met with Mr. Trump at the White House.
The pushback has hardly deterred industry executives. The Business Roundtable, which represents some of the nation’s largest corporations and is led by Jamie Dimon, chief executive of JPMorgan Chase, in mid-February gave Mr. Trump a wish list of 16 rules it wanted killed, including the mandatory disclosure of how much chief executives are paid compared with other employees, and a rule intended to curb the trade in minerals that might benefit militant groups in parts of Africa. Efforts to repeal at least 10 of those measures are underway.
“The majority of these regulations directly and negatively impact economic growth,” the executives said in their letter, adding that they were convinced that rules could be repealed “without undermining critical protections for consumer health, safety and the environment.”
The reversals by federal regulators are happening, at times, at an extraordinary speed. Lawyers representing the National Mining Association, the American Petroleum Institute and other fossil fuel trade groups and companies asked the Interior Department on Feb. 17 to suspend a new rule changing the way these companies pay royalties for oil, gas or coal extracted from federal lands.
While the lawyers called the requirement “impractical and in some cases impossible,” environmentalists and conservative nonprofit groups like Taxpayers for Common Sense praised the effort, saying that for decades energy companies had been underpaying the federal government. The new standard was expected to push up federal revenue by as much as $85 million annually.
The Interior Department wrote the industry lawyers back five days later, telling them that the agency, after three years of backing the rule, would suspend enforcement of the new standards. “We agree you have raised serious questions,” the agency’s letter said.
This shift in federal regulatory policy is already having implications for tens of thousands of citizens nationwide.
Nearly two years ago, the Social Security Administration first moved to set up a new system that would automatically turn over to the Justice Department information it collects on Americans who are receiving federal benefits based on a disabling mental illness for inclusion in a database used for gun background checks.
This would effectively prevent these individuals — an estimated 75,000 a year — from buying guns unless they sought a Justice Department waiver after being rejected, given the longstanding federal limitation on the sale of firearms to individuals with known mental illnesses.
Groups like the National Rifle Association, the A.C.L.U. and the National Alliance on Mental Illness objected to the provision, which had been scheduled to go into effect in January. They argued that it unfairly presumed a tendency toward violence by a wide range of people with mental disabilities, including conditions like bulimia and obsessive compulsive disorder.
Mr. Trump signed legislation on Tuesday revoking that rule under the Congressional Review Act, which gives Congress a limited window to overturn the decisions of regulatory agencies.
A total of 46 such Congressional Review Act resolutions are now pending in Congress, on topics including air pollution, unemployment compensation, endangered species listings, debit card fees and oil and gas drilling on federal lands as well as the Arctic Outer Continental Shelf.
The act, first adopted in 1996, had been used only once before to nullify a regulation, at the start of the Bush administration in 2001, when a Clinton-era rule was revoked.
Rules not subject to congressional review may still be at risk. The most radical shift has perhaps come at the Federal Communications Commission, which voted on Wednesday to halt new government rules related to data security from taking effect this week, after objections were raised by companies including Comcast, Verizon and AT&T.
Ajit Pai, a Republican whom Mr. Trump recently named as the F.C.C. chairman, has also made clear that he intends to push to roll back or abandon several other major rules, including the landmark net neutrality regulation intended to ensure equal access to content on the internet, as well as efforts to keep prison phone rates down and a proposal to break open the cable box market.
The efforts have been praised by telecommunications giants, like Comcast, but condemned by consumer advocates.
The administration started its campaign against regulation on the afternoon of Inauguration Day, with a memo from Reince Priebus, Mr. Trump’s chief of staff, instructing agencies to halt work on new regulations and to delay putting completed regulations into effect.
So far, the effective dates of at least 75 rules have been delayed as a result of this order, based on an analysis of the Federal Register. That includes a measure intended to prevent potentially toxic formaldehyde exposure in homes caused by certain furniture products — an effort that has been underway since victims of Hurricane Katrina in 2005 were moved into contaminated government-issued trailers.
Such delays are not uncommon with new presidents — both George W. Bush and Mr. Obama did the same, to differing degrees. And certain measures are still going into effect as the Trump administration gets underway, including one that prohibits smoking in public housing nationwide as of Feb. 3.
Still, the general Trump administration freeze has drawn broad opposition, some of it surprising. The Department of Agriculture has delayed a rule that would make it easier for chicken farmers to sue chicken processors. Business groups, including the National Federation of Independent Business, want to kill the rule.
But small-scale chicken farmers are fighting back.
Mike Weaver, a West Virginia farmer who said he had voted for Mr. Trump and was pleased with most of what he had seen so far, said he wished Mr. Trump would meet with farmers.
“I’d love to have a visit with the president about this, to tell him that these are federal regulations, yes, but these are good regulations,” said Mr. Weaver, the president of a small-farm group called the Organization for Competitive Markets. “These are regulations that we want implemented.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The F.B.I. director, James B. Comey, asked the Justice Department this weekend to publicly reject President Trump’s assertion that President Barack Obama ordered the tapping of Mr. Trump’s phones, senior American officials said on Sunday. Mr. Comey has argued that the highly charged claim is false and must be corrected, they said, but the department has not released any such statement.
Mr. Comey, who made the request on Saturday after Mr. Trump leveled his  allegation on Twitter, has been working to get the Justice Department to knock down the claim because it falsely insinuates that the F.B.I. broke the law, the officials said.
A spokesman for the F.B.I. declined to comment. Sarah Isgur Flores, the spokeswoman for the Justice Department, also declined to comment.
Mr. Comey’s request is a remarkable rebuke of a sitting president, putting the nation’s top law enforcement official in the position of questioning Mr. Trump’s truthfulness. The confrontation between the two is the most serious consequence of Mr. Trump’s weekend Twitter outburst, and it underscores the dangers of what the president and his aides have unleashed by accusing the former president of a conspiracy to undermine Mr. Trump’s young administration.
The White House showed no indication that it would back down from Mr. Trump’s claims. On Sunday, the president demanded a congressional inquiry into whether Mr. Obama had abused the power of federal law enforcement agencies before the 2016 presidential election. In a statement from his spokesman, Mr. Trump called “reports” about the wiretapping “very troubling” and said Congress should examine them as part of its investigations into Russia’s meddling in the election.
In addition to being concerned about potential attacks on the bureau’s credibility, senior F.B.I. officials are said to be worried that the notion of a court-approved wiretap will raise the public’s expectations that the federal authorities have significant evidence implicating the Trump campaign in colluding with Russia’s efforts to disrupt the presidential election.
Mr. Comey has not been dealing directly with Attorney General Jeff Sessions on the matter, as Mr. Sessions announced on Thursday that he would recuse himself from any investigation of Russia’s efforts to influence the election. It had been revealed on Wednesday that Mr. Sessions had misled Congress about his meetings with the Russian ambassador during the campaign.
Mr. Comey’s behind-the-scenes maneuvering is certain to invite contrasts to his actions last year, when he spoke publicly about the Hillary Clinton email case and disregarded Justice Department entreaties not to.
It is not clear why Mr. Comey did not issue a statement himself. He is the most senior law enforcement official who was kept on the job as the Obama administration gave way to the Trump administration. And while the Justice Department applies for intelligence-gathering warrants, the F.B.I. keeps its own records and is in a position to know whether Mr. Trump’s claims are true. While intelligence officials do not normally discuss the existence or nonexistence of surveillance warrants, no law prevents Mr. Comey from issuing the statement.
In his demand for a congressional inquiry, the president, through his press secretary, Sean Spicer, issued a statement on Sunday that said, “President Donald J. Trump is requesting that as part of their investigation into Russian activity, the congressional intelligence committees exercise their oversight authority to determine whether executive branch investigative powers were abused in 2016.”
Mr. Spicer, who repeated the entire statement in a series of Twitter posts, added that “neither the White House nor the president will comment further until such oversight is conducted.”
A spokesman for Mr. Obama and his former aides have called the accusation by Mr. Trump completely false, saying that Mr. Obama never ordered any wiretapping of a United States citizen.
“A cardinal rule of the Obama administration was that no White House official ever interfered with any independent investigation led by the Department of Justice,” Kevin Lewis, Mr. Obama’s spokesman, said in a statement on Saturday.
Mr. Trump’s demand for a congressional investigation appears to be based, at least in part, on unproven claims by Breitbart News and conservative talk radio hosts that secret warrants were issued authorizing the tapping of the phones of Mr. Trump and his aides at Trump Tower in New York.
In a series of Twitter posts on Saturday, the president seemed to be convinced that those claims were true. In one post, Mr. Trump said, “I’d bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election!”
On Sunday, Sarah Huckabee Sanders, the deputy White House press secretary, said the president was determined to find out what had really happened, calling it potentially the “greatest abuse of power” that the country had seen.
“Look, I think he’s going off of information that he’s seen that has led him to believe that this is a very real potential,” Ms. Sanders said on ABC’s “This Week.” “And if it is, this is the greatest overreach and the greatest abuse of power that I think we have ever seen and a huge attack on democracy itself. And the American people have a right to know if this took place.”
The claims about wiretapping appear similar in some ways to the unfounded voter fraud charges that Mr. Trump made during his first days in the Oval Office. Just after Inauguration Day, he reiterated in a series of Twitter posts his belief that millions of voters had cast ballots illegally — claims that also appeared to be based on conspiracy theories from right-wing websites.
As with his demand for a wiretapping inquiry, Mr. Trump called for a “major investigation” into voter fraud, saying on Twitter that “depending on results, we will strengthen up voting procedures!” No investigation has been started.
Senior law enforcement and intelligence officials who worked in the Obama administration have said that there were no secret intelligence warrants regarding Mr. Trump. Asked whether such a warrant existed, James R. Clapper Jr., a former director of national intelligence, said on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” “Not to my knowledge, no.”
“There was no such wiretap activity mounted against the president-elect at the time, as a candidate or against his campaign,” Mr. Clapper added.
Mr. Trump’s demands for a congressional investigation were initially met with skepticism by lawmakers, including Republicans. Appearing on CNN’s “State of the Union” on Sunday, Senator Marco Rubio, Republican of Florida, said he was “not sure what it is that he is talking about.”
“I’m not sure what the genesis of that statement was,” Mr. Rubio said.
Pressed to elaborate on “Meet the Press,” Mr. Rubio said, “I’m not going to be a part of a witch hunt, but I’m also not going to be a part of a cover-up.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The United States has increased its forces near the northern Syrian town of Manbij as concerns have grown that fighting could erupt among the complex array of militias and Syrian and Turkish troops who are operating on the crowded battlefield near there.
Photographs of American troops in Stryker vehicles and armored Humvees flying American flags circulated on Saturday on social media. The American-led command that is fighting the Islamic State, a militant group also known as ISIS or ISIL, acknowledged the buildup around the town, but did not provide details.
“The coalition has increased its force presence in and around Manbij to deter any hostile action against the city and its civilians, to enhance local governance and to ensure there is no persistent Y.P.G. presence,” an American military spokesman said, using the acronym for the People’s Protection Units, Kurdish militia groups that have been trained by United States military advisers.
The Turks have repeatedly complained that the Y.P.G., which played a critical role in taking Manbij, has yet to vacate the city, despite American assurances that it has done so.
The spokesman added, “This is a deliberate action to reassure our coalition members and partner forces, deter aggression, and ensure all parties remain focused on defeating our common enemy, ISIS.”
American military officials said the total number of United States forces in Syria had not increased. But the new deployment of American troops around Manbij has been done in a visible manner.
A combustible mix of forces are crowding the battlefield in northern Syria, including Turkish-backed Syrian militias, Syrian government forces, and Kurdish and Arab fighters trained by the United States.
Lt. Gen. Stephen Townsend, who commands the American-led task force that is fighting the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, told reporters on Wednesday that Syrian government troops had advanced near Manbij to the point where they were within “rifle range” of Syrian Arab fighters backed by American forces.
The United States has hundreds of troops in northern Syria who have been training and advising Syrian Arab and Kurdish fighters.
“It’s very difficult and complicated,” said General Townsend, adding that it was important that tensions among the groups not disrupt the campaign against the Islamic State. “That’s what we ought to keep our efforts focused on, and not fighting deliberately or accidentally with one another.”
The potential for a clash is clear. Abu Amjed, the head of the Manbij Military Council, which has responsibility for securing the city, said during an interview last week that Turkish forces had been shooting at his front lines.
Another worry is Ahrar al-Sham, an Islamist opposition group, which has been supported by the Turks.
Under a recent agreement that Russia is said to have played a role in brokering, Syrian government forces are moving into villages near Manbij. The Manbij security forces appear to have ceded control of the villages to prevent them from being occupied by Turkish-backed militias or Turkish troops.
In a development that reflected the fluid and confusing battlefield, Russian aircraft on Tuesday mistakenly bombed Syrian Arab fighters trained by the United States. General Townsend said  the attack, which took place about 10 miles southwest of Manbij, occurred when the Syrian fighters moved into villages that had been occupied by the Islamic State.
The Russian Defense Ministry said it had not carried out airstrikes in areas that the United States had previously designated as being occupied by American-backed fighters.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Influential groups representing hospitals and nurses came out on Wednesday against a Republican bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, joining doctors and the retirees’ lobby to warn that it would lead to a rise in the uninsured.
In a letter to lawmakers, major hospital groups wrote, “As organizations that take care of every individual who walks through our doors, both due to our mission and our obligations under federal law, we are committed to ensuring health care coverage is available and affordable for all.”
The groups, including the American Hospital Association, the Association of American Medical Colleges, the Catholic Health Association of the United States and the Children’s Hospital Association, said they could not support the bill “as currently written.”
The hospitals and the American Nurses Association joined the American Medical Association and AARP, which rejected the bill on Tuesday.
House Republicans have been left scrambling to marshal support from businesses and other interests that stand to benefit from lower taxes if the bill passes. Insurers are on the fence, and other powerful forces like pharmaceutical companies remain largely on the sidelines.
Squeezed between wary health care providers and angry conservatives who believe that the bill leaves too much of the Affordable Care Act in place, the Republican leadership and President Trump appear to be facing an uphill climb.
But the White House appears increasingly confident about the prospects for a health care overhaul to pass in the House. In a meeting with conservative leaders in the Oval Office on Wednesday, Mr. Trump said he anticipated the most trouble in the Senate, where moderate and conservative lawmakers are opposing the plan for different reasons. He said he was prepared to pressure holdout senators by holding the kind of stadium-style rallies he led during his presidential campaign.
The House speaker, Paul D. Ryan, said Republicans were “going through the inevitable growing pains of being an opposition party to becoming a governing party.”
“It’s a new system for people,” he added. “But it’s all the more reason why we have to do what we said we would do and deliver for the American people, and govern and use our principles.”
The array of groups taking strong positions against the bill is evidence that its potential consequences extend far beyond health insurance coverage, to much of the nation’s economy.
The opposition is also a powerful reminder of how many past efforts to overhaul the American health care system failed because of resistance by major interest groups. Winning the support of the health care and insurance industries allowed the Obama administration in 2010 to push through the most significant health care legislation since President Lyndon B. Johnson’s Great Society.
Within a few months after President Barack Obama took office in 2009, his administration had lined up support from health care providers, insurers, consumers and pharmaceutical makers by offering a grand bargain: The health bill would include a requirement that most Americans have health insurance, providing millions of new customers through the law’s often substantial premium subsidies and its option for states to expand Medicaid. In exchange, hospitals would have to accept spending cuts and the health care industry would have to accept new taxes to pay for the legislation.
The Obama White House dedicated enormous effort to win pledges of support before Democrats even put out a bill — an effort not replicated by the Trump White House or Republican leaders in Congress.
But the Affordable Care Act also created an array of taxes that the Republicans now hope to wipe away, helping them win the support of groups like the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and Americans for Tax Reform, led by the anti-tax activist Grover Norquist.
The congressional Joint Committee on Taxation issued estimates this week showing how much revenue the government could lose starting in 2018 under the Republican bill, which the party has called the American Health Care Act, as a result of repealing taxes on drug makers (nearly $25 billion over 10 years), insurers (nearly $145 billion), makers of medical devices (nearly $20 billion), and high-income households (more than $270 billion from taxes on earned income and investment income).
“The American Health Care Act repeals the medical device tax, which will result in greater investments in medical cures, lower health care costs and more high-tech manufacturing jobs in communities across the United States,” trumpeted the Medical Device Manufacturers Association.
The extent to which these groups mobilize on behalf of the Republican bill may help determine whether it succeeds.
For now, the supporters of the House bill seem badly outgunned by opponents. On Wednesday, as two congressional committees took up the Republican repeal-and-replace bill, the American Nurses Association and a coalition of hospital groups came out against the proposal.
The A.M.A., which has nearly 235,000 members and calls itself the voice of the medical profession, sent a letter to leaders of the two committees on Tuesday saying it could not support the Republican bill “because of the expected decline in health insurance coverage and the potential harm it would cause to vulnerable patient populations.”
In particular, the group said it opposed a plan to replace the sliding, income-based premium tax credits provided under the Affordable Care Act with fixed credits based on age. The current system, it said, “provides the greatest chance that those of the least means are able to purchase coverage.”
America’s Health Insurance Plans, the health insurance lobby, released its own lengthy statement on Wednesday. In a letter to the leaders of the House committees that drafted the bill, Marilyn B. Tavenner, the group’s chief executive, warned Republican leaders that their plans to change Medicaid financing, among other things, could harm coverage and care.
While many insurers have lost money in the Affordable Care Act’s private insurance marketplaces, they have generally profited from the expansion of Medicaid, which would effectively be phased out under the Republican plan.
“As a core principle, we believe that Medicaid funding should be adequate to meet the health care needs of beneficiaries,” Ms. Tavenner wrote. “Medicaid health plans are at the forefront of providing coverage for and access to behavioral health services and treatment for opioid use disorders, and insufficient funding could jeopardize the progress being made on these important public health fronts.”
A day earlier, AARP — the association of middle-aged and older Americans that is another crucial supporter of the Affordable Care Act — declared its opposition to the bill and even started running an ad against it. In a letter to Congress, the group said the bill would increase health costs for people ages 50 to 64, could lead to cuts in Medicaid coverage of long-term care and would allow insurers to charge older people five times as much as younger ones.
The hardening resistance complicated the case for the Republicans as they moved their bill forward on Wednesday.
“I respect those organizations and their views,” said Representative Larry Bucshon, an Indiana Republican and a heart surgeon who conceded that criticism of the bill from doctors and hospitals could make it more difficult to sell the measure to the public. “Their voice is an important voice in health care.”
But, he noted, those groups supported the health care law in 2010.
“Hospitals have done quite well under the Affordable Care Act, but my constituents have not,” he said. “Their premiums are going up. Their deductibles are high.”
Across the rotunda, Republican senators were less enthusiastic.
Senator Shelley Moore Capito, Republican of West Virginia, said she was not certain that a delay in the rollback of Medicaid coverage was “enough for me.” Senator Lisa Murkowski, Republican of Alaska, expressed alarm that the bill’s tax credits would not account for higher premium costs in insurance markets like hers, a largely rural state with little competition. Senator Marco Rubio, Republican of Florida, said he did not want states that took the Medicaid expansion to “get a benefit” that the states that rejected the program did not.
Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine, said she was unhappy that the bill removed money for Planned Parenthood.
There was also a creeping concern about how quickly the bill was moving. Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican leader, essentially promised to move the bill to the Senate floor without the hearings and other processes that are normal for such a far-reaching piece of legislation. He had promised when Republicans took the majority that they would honor normal Senate processes and traditions.
“I think if that’s the approach they take,” Mr. Rubio said, “they won’t have the votes in the Senate.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — For a while now, Senator Mark R. Warner has taken to thinking like a Russian.
The Virginia Democrat is losing himself in a book about the Romanovs, eager to absorb the country’s theories of war, teasing staff members for insufficient knowledge of Tolstoy and Nabokov. He has been sending messages over the encrypted app Signal, just to be safe.
Then there was the ruckus outside Mr. Warner’s window late one recent afternoon, a curious thud against the building beside a giant American flag.
“That may just be the F.S.B.,” Mr. Warner said flatly, referring to Russia’s primary intelligence and security agency. He appeared to be kidding. Probably.
Such is the head space of Capitol Hill’s top Democrat investigating ties between President Trump’s orbit and Russian intelligence — a former rising star in the party, frozen in the ascent for years now.
As Republicans resist calls for a select committee or special prosecutor to oversee the matter, the Democrats’ best hope for acquiring answers most likely remains an investigation by the Senate Intelligence Committee, where Mr. Warner is vice chairman.
The result, at the height of anti-Trump fervor and Wall Street-bashing progressivism in the Democratic Party’s base, is a spotlight trained brightly on a southern-state centrist with a nine-figure net worth, a decade-old itch to be president and, until recently, according to friends and former aides, a healthy disdain for the institution he serves.
“I’ve never seen him seized by a responsibility as much as he is now,” said Senator Tim Kaine, Democrat of Virginia, who has known Mr. Warner since law school and succeeded him as the state’s governor in 2006. “He’s a man on a mission.”
Mr. Warner, 62, has another phrase for it: “probably the most important thing I’ve done in public life.”
Yet the competition for this distinction is not as fierce as Mr. Warner once imagined.
Rangy and gravel-voiced, with a Harvard law degree, a telecommunications fortune and a stately suburban home in the Old Town neighborhood of Alexandria, Va., Mr. Warner reached the governor’s mansion in 2002 as a pro-business Democrat who found unlikely success with the kinds of rural voters who last year elevated Mr. Trump. He sponsored a local Nascar team, dabbled in turkey hunting and added a bluegrass campaign theme song.
“Get ready to shout it from the coal mines to the stills,” the lyrics went. “Here comes Mark Warner, the hero of the hills.”
After a popular term as governor, a possible 2008 presidential run was aborted before it began, punctured by some halting moments on the precampaign circuit. (If a cellphone went off in the crowd while he was speaking, Mr. Warner, a co-founder of the company that became Nextel, would joke that all he heard was “ka-ching, ka-ching.”)
Since then, after a landslide Senate victory in 2008, he has slogged through life in the Senate with few signature achievements, never quite finding his moment.
Persistent vice-presidential speculation amounted to little, with Mr. Kaine instead getting the most recent call to round out a Democratic ticket.
By the time Mr. Warner came up for re-election to the Senate in 2014, he eked out a victory by less than a point. Months before the vote, he was asked at a county fair how he was doing. His response: “You know where I work.”
Now given a task befitting his ambitions, Mr. Warner is plainly relishing the role, suggesting his profile as a moderate — Mr. Warner once had an “A” rating from the National Rifle Association — was at last serving a political purpose on the national stage.
“There have been some times when I’ve been put in kind of ‘timeout’ for being too bipartisan,” he said during a 40-minute interview last week in his Senate office, sipping acai-blueberry pomegranate Vitaminwater from a plastic cup. “Man alive, you cannot make this partisan.”
The minefields are many, politically and procedurally, as Mr. Warner strains to hold the committee together and maintain his own credibility with peers in both parties.
He is working to assuage the concerns of Democrats who suspect that Senator Richard Burr, Republican of North Carolina and the committee’s chairman, is not especially interested in a thorough investigation.
But he has taken care not to alienate Mr. Burr, a vocal Trump supporter during the campaign.
These dueling impulses collided last month when Mr. Warner publicly scolded his Republican colleague after The Washington Post reported that Mr. Burr had spoken with the White House and engaged with news organizations to dispute reports that associates of Mr. Trump had consistent contact with Russian intelligence operatives.
In the interview, Mr. Warner called Mr. Burr a friend and declined to detail their private conversations. Other Democrats have been less muted.
“As deep as our skepticism runs when it comes to Senator Burr, it is exceeded by the confidence we have in Senator Warner,” said Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the minority leader.
The responsibility seems to have seeped into most aspects of Mr. Warner’s professional life. He has taken to deploying phrases like “personal cyberhygiene” in conversation and discusses Russian incursions into French politics with a fluency once reserved for Virginia budget skirmishes.
Reading materials lately have focused on the Gerasimov Doctrine of Russian warfare, named for a general and appointee of President Vladimir V. Putin, which holds that the boundary between war and peace has blurred and that covert tactics will increase in “nonlinear war.”
Last week, a meeting with the German ambassador — ostensibly to discuss trade and economic policy — turned immediately to Russia, and scarcely returned to the intended topic. 
“I’ve got to get this Russia right,” Mr. Warner said at one point in the interview, seemingly too preoccupied to supply a missing noun.
His obsessive approach, friends and former staff members say, follows years of frustration over the pace of progress in Washington, including occasional clashes with the former Democratic leader, Senator Harry Reid of Nevada.
One past prominent assignment, as a member of a “Gang of Six” debt reduction group in 2011, fizzled despite a frantic blitz from Mr. Warner, who hosted negotiation sessions at his own home.
“My primary responsibility in the group was to make sure that Mark had taken his Ritalin,” said Saxby Chambliss, the former Republican senator from Georgia and a frequent dining and drinking partner of Mr. Warner, who prefers white wine.
Luke Albee, Mr. Warner’s former chief of staff, said there was perhaps no lawmaker “less psychologically wired for the Senate.”
“He was always looking for doors to open and things to join,” Mr. Albee said. “I think that this is one where the game has come to him.”
For now, Mr. Warner has suggested, he does not aspire to anything more. In November, he told The Wall Street Journal that his presidential window “is probably shut.”
But that was months ago. Asked last week if he retained any desire to be president or vice president, Mr. Warner demurred. “I’ve got one job to do,” he said. “And doing this job well is going to take 100 percent of my time.”
He was told this was not the hardest “no” one could imagine. The senator smiled, shrugging slightly and staying silent.
It was not yet time, it seemed, to meddle in the 2020 election.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — In Sonny Perdue’s telling, Georgians were growing weary of the corruption and scandals in their state when he took over as governor in 2003 — a time when he gave his own version of a “drain the swamp” pledge.
“My first goal as governor is to restore public trust in state government by changing the culture of state government,” Mr. Perdue told a leadership conference at Kennesaw State University in April 2003. “Our form of government depends on a mutual bond of trust between the people and their government. But people have become cynical about their government.”
But Mr. Perdue, a Republican who is awaiting confirmation to serve as President Trump’s agriculture secretary, became a target of frequent criticism that he was failing to honor his own ethics pledge during his eight years as governor. The criticism centers on the fact that, as Mr. Trump has, he continued to own or help run his family business ventures — four farming-related companies — while serving as governor.
Mr. Perdue is one of the last cabinet members awaiting Senate confirmation. No date has been set for his confirmation hearing; a holdup in the release of paperwork accompanying his nomination by the federal Office of Government Ethics has been blamed for the delay. The office must examine Mr. Perdue’s proposal to avoid conflicts of interest while running the U.S.D.A., as the department is known, which may include selling off some of his farming assets.
Before his tenure as governor ended in 2011, 13 complaints had been filed against Mr. Perdue with the State Ethics Commission, which on two occasions ruled that the governor had violated state ethics laws. The commission took the unusual step of fining Mr. Perdue while he was governor.
There were numerous other questions, including some about the role of Mr. Perdue’s personal lawyer — also a state legislator — in pushing a bill through the legislature that included a special provision that gave Mr. Perdue $100,000 in state tax relief.
And, when his tenure as governor was coming to a close, Mr. Perdue met with Georgia officials who oversee the state’s ports to discuss use of a terminal for a family business, according to documents obtained by The Atlanta Journal-Constitution. Soon after he left office, in fact, he opened a new company that specialized in exporting products through Savannah.
“When you are a public official you are supposed to be acting entirely on behalf of the public and not for self-gain,” said Yasha Heidari, former senior legal counsel to the State Ethics Commission. “Looking at his record, as both an attorney and a citizen of the state, I had serious concerns.”
In a written statement, a spokeswoman for Mr. Perdue rejected that assessment, saying that the frequent criticism he faced while governor was largely politically motivated. “There hadn’t been a Republican governor in Georgia for 135 years,” the statement said. “Governor Perdue was the David who slew the Democrats’ Goliath.”
During the wait for Mr. Perdue’s confirmation hearing, some in the farming industry have come to his defense.
“I don’t think you are going to find a man any more honorable than Sonny Perdue,” said Zippy Duvall, a Georgia cattle and poultry farmer who is the president of the American Farm Bureau Federation, adding that he had known Mr. Perdue for about a decade. “He is as ethical as they come.”
Born into a family of farmers, Mr. Perdue played college football as a walk-on at the University of Georgia, and later worked briefly as a practicing veterinarian. He rose through the ranks of the state legislature and, in the late 1990s, switched his party affiliation from Democrat to Republican because, he said, the state party had lost its focus on family values.
One of Mr. Perdue’s first acts after he was sworn in as governor in January 2003 was to sign an executive order establishing a new code of ethics for executive branch employees. The order, which applied to the governor himself, prohibited state employees from using their powers for “any financial or other personal benefit” and barred them from taking any gifts worth more than $25.
“In carrying out their official duties and obligations, all officers and employees of state government must work solely for the public good, striving vigilantly to avoid even the appearance that their actions are motivated by private or personal interest,” the 2003 executive order said.
But Mr. Perdue ended up collecting at least $25,000 worth of benefits or gifts during his years as governor, state records show. The gifts ranged from tickets to a Nascar race and football games to flights paid for by Altria, the tobacco company, and by CSX, the railroad giant, according to a 2010 report by Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, a liberal nonprofit group.
Mr. Perdue’s spokeswoman, in the written statement, said that none of these gifts violated the ban because the “trips were for official state business and were perfectly acceptable as saving taxpayer funds.”
“The gifts were to the state,” the statement read, “not to the governor.”
The fine by the State Ethics Commission in 2005 came after the commission concluded that Mr. Perdue had failed to properly report the use of an airplane owned by one of his family’s businesses for a campaign-related trip. The commission also found that he had taken campaign contributions in amounts that exceeded state limits from several donors — including a political action committee run by SunTrust, the Georgia-based bank.
Mr. Perdue called the violations technical, and the investigation politically motivated.
Teddy Lee, the executive secretary of the State Ethics Commission, was fired from his job in January 2006, and in an interview he blamed Mr. Perdue for his firing. Mr. Lee had served in the job under four governors.
“This looked like a political hit to me,” Mr. Lee said.
Mr. Lee’s dismissal came as Mr. Perdue was seeking re-election, and just months before his largest scandal emerged, over a $100,000 state tax break he received thanks to a legislative maneuver engineered by a lawmaker who was also his personal lawyer.
The focus of the controversy was a piece of property in Florida that Mr. Perdue purchased in 2004. The purchase allowed him to defer paying federal capital gains taxes on a separate piece of Georgia land — which he had previously sold at a profit.
When that transaction was completed, Mr. Perdue still owed Georgia about $100,000 in state taxes.
Then, Mr. Perdue signed a bill the following year eliminating that state tax obligation — as state law was changed to allow so-called rollover relief on capital gains, even if the new property being purchased was out of state.
During deliberations on the legislation, Larry O’Neal, a member of the Georgia House of Representatives who also worked part time as a personal lawyer for Mr. Perdue, intervened to make the change in that provision retroactive. That meant it would cover Mr. Perdue’s 2004 land deal, saving the governor $100,000, The Journal-Constitution reported at the time.
Mr. Perdue’s spokeswoman said the change in state law was not intended to benefit Mr. Perdue. “It benefited all Georgians,” the statement said.
Scott Faber of the Environmental Working Group, a nonprofit organization that keeps a close watch on policies at the Agriculture Department, said he had questions about Mr. Perdue’s fitness to take over the department.
“Given his record of self-dealing and conflicts of interest as governor of Georgia, it is fair to ask if he is fit to run a $140-billion-a-year federal agency,” Mr. Faber said.
But Mr. Duvall, of the American Farm Bureau Federation, believes the opposite. Mr. Duvall said that as a former farmer, Mr. Perdue is just what the nation needs to run the department.
“He has worked on a farm and owned businesses that buy and sell grain domestically and internationally,” Mr. Duvall said. “It ought to be a requirement that someone who runs the U.S.D.A. knows something about farming. And Sonny certainly does.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — With the Supreme Court confirmation hearing of Neil M. Gorsuch less than two weeks away, liberal activists are alarmed not only at the prospect of his lifetime appointment to the court, but at what they see as muted opposition from Senate Democrats.
“We are not hearing from them the intensity that we are hearing from the grass roots,” said Ilyse Hogue, president of Naral Pro-Choice America, the organizer of a recent letter from 11 progressive groups urging Democrats to step it up. “The grass roots really understands this is a do-or-die nomination.”
The tough criticism from the left underscores the Democrats’ difficult position. They need to keep their agitated and highly motivated base satisfied while not appearing to dismiss Judge Gorsuch, who has impressed members of both parties during private meetings, strictly out of political spite for the way Republicans stonewalled President Barack Obama’s nomination of Merrick B. Garland.
In the past few days, Democrats have sought to show more organized resistance in advance of the coming confirmation showdown on March 20. They say the Gorsuch nomination, a topic that would capture attention in Washington just days before a hearing, is being overshadowed by the political upheaval accompanying President Trump’s occupancy of the White House.
“I think there is a lot going on that makes it very hard to look at anything that they’re doing,” said Senator Patty Murray of Washington, the No. 3-ranking Senate Democrat, who said the Trump White House was following a “hide the ball” strategy. “And this is a serious nomination that should take serious consideration because this nominee would end up on this court for a very long time.”
She joined two fellow Democratic senators and advocates for labor, disabled people and the education community on Tuesday to try to highlight what they viewed as anti-worker opinions by Mr. Gorsuch that they said should disqualify him from the court. On Monday, Senator Richard Blumenthal, Democrat of Connecticut, called on conservative groups that helped compile a list of Supreme Court candidates for consideration by Mr. Trump to release any communications they had with Judge Gorsuch or the Trump team about his consideration and selection.
Ms. Hogue said those developments were welcome signs of life from Democrats. “We need to see more of that so that people know that Democrats have their back,” she said.
Consideration of a Supreme Court nominee is typically a major set piece in the running Washington drama, attracting substantial attention in the lead-up to the hearing as supporters and opponents hone their arguments and dig in on research to identify fertile areas for inquiry in the confirmation hearing itself. But this has been an unusual situation, with the nomination coming at the very start of a new presidency because Republicans prevented Mr. Obama from filling the vacancy last year.
The timing has meant that the attention of Democrats has been divided as they devoted substantial time and resources to failed attempts to derail Trump cabinet nominees. They have also been occupied battling the new administration on multiple other fronts such as the repeal of the health care law, the president’s executive order on immigration and demands for an independent inquiry into Russian meddling in the 2016 election.
At the same time, Democrats have emerged from one-on-one meetings with Mr. Gorsuch praising his intellect and demeanor, though some have said he failed to provide persuasive answers on basic constitutional issues.
The situation was worrying enough to Gorsuch opponents on the left to provoke a chastising letter to Senate Democrats. “Democrats have failed to demonstrate a strong, unified resistance to this nominee despite the fact that he is an ultraconservative jurist who will undermine our basic freedoms and threaten the independence of the federal judiciary,” the 11 groups wrote. “We need you to do better.”
The letter also followed a sense among progressives that Democratic members of the Judiciary Committee who will consider the Gorsuch nomination had not been aggressive enough in their treatment of Jeff Sessions, their former Republican colleague, during his confirmation hearing for attorney general — a hearing some viewed as a test run for a Supreme Court fight.
Senator Jeff Merkley, the Oregon Democrat who joined Ms. Murray at Tuesday’s news conference, said the progressive groups were right to try to stir him and his colleagues to action.
“I think they are doing exactly what they should be doing,” he said. “We have to pivot and really focus on this Supreme Court nomination.”
Other Democrats say Judge Gorsuch will struggle to win the eight Democratic votes he would require to be assured of overcoming a filibuster. They believe the hearing will stiffen the party resolve, particularly if he is not more forthcoming with answers about how he views the role of an independent judiciary in standing against the presidency.
They remain worried that Senate Republicans would respond to a filibuster by changing Senate procedure to allow a Supreme Court nominee to move ahead on a simple majority vote. Senator Mitch McConnell, the Kentucky Republican and majority leader, has made clear he is willing to do so if necessary, and other Republicans say the votes are there to make the change. Mr. Trump has also supported that idea.
Ms. Hogue said Democrats cannot become consumed with such “political math” when their constituents are demanding a hard line.
“The chips will fall where they may,” she said about a potential rules change, predicting it would prove politically unpopular.
More crucial to her and fellow progressives at the moment is what they see as a lack of commitment among Senate Democrats to stand against Judge Gorsuch.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — In June 2009, House Democratic leaders unveiled the first draft of legislation that would ultimately become the Affordable Care Act. A month later, three House committees began formally drafting the bill ahead of a House vote that came well into the fall, after the summer heat had dissipated and the leaves had begun to change.
On Wednesday, the House Ways and Means Committee and the Energy and Commerce Committee will formally mark up legislation to repeal and replace the act — less than 48 hours after Republicans unveiled the bill to the public. If all goes according to plan, the House will vote within a few weeks, and the Senate will take up the legislation before its spring recess begins on April 7.
Republicans excoriated Democrats for rushing passage of the Affordable Care Act — President Barack Obama’s landmark health law — blasting “back-room deals” and cheering on the nascent Tea Party movement, with its hostile chant “Read the bill, read the bill.” But Republicans have adopted a much more aggressive timetable for repealing the law and remaking Medicaid, the health program for more than 70 million low-income people.
“The difference between 2009 and 2017 is like black and white,” said former Senator Max Baucus of Montana, one of the chief architects of the Affordable Care Act, who spent countless hours in hearings and negotiations on the legislation as chairman of the Senate Finance Committee. “It’s a chasm. There’s no comparison.”
On Monday evening, House Republicans unveiled their proposals to undo the law, signed by Mr. Obama in March 2010. The two House committees plan to start debating, amending and voting on the legislation on Wednesday. By week’s end, they expect to finish this ritual, known as a markup.
Speaker Paul D. Ryan said the House would pass the repeal bill within a few weeks, and the Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky, said that if the House kept to that timetable, the legislation “will be on the agenda here in the Senate” before the spring recess.
In comparison with the pace of work on the Affordable Care Act, that is lightning fast.
“We don’t know how much it will cost, and we don’t know if this bill will make health care more affordable for Americans,” Senator Mike Lee, Republican of Utah, said on Tuesday. “This is exactly the type of back-room dealing and rushed process that we criticized Democrats for.”
Representative Jim Jordan, a conservative Republican from Ohio who objects to major provisions of the bill devised by House Republican leaders, said, “The American people don’t want us to rush this thing.”
In June and July 2009, with Democrats in charge, the Senate health committee spent nearly 60 hours over 13 days marking up the bill that became the Affordable Care Act. That September and October, the Senate Finance Committee worked on the legislation for eight days — its longest markup in two decades. It considered more than 130 amendments and held 79 roll-call votes.
The full Senate debated the health care bill for 25 straight days before passing it on Dec. 24, 2009.
“After years of howling at the moon about Democrats rushing through the Affordable Care Act,” said Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, Republicans are now racing to pass the repeal bill because “they don’t want anyone to know what’s in the bill.”
Democrats complained that the Republicans were rushing to approve a repeal bill without hearing from consumers, health care providers, insurance companies or state officials — and without having estimates of the cost or the impact on coverage from the Congressional Budget Office.
Representative Greg Walden, Republican of Oregon and chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, denied that Republicans were cutting corners to speed approval of their repeal bill.
“In fact,” he said on Tuesday, “the bill went online live for the entire American people, all of you, all of us to read, all of our colleagues to read, at 6 o’clock last night. It’s not that much to get through. It’s pretty well understood.”
The Republicans’ bill is indeed much shorter than the Affordable Care Act. With one paragraph of their bill, they can obliterate 10 or 20 pages of the law. One of their chief goals is to eliminate detailed federal standards, like those that define the permissible value of insurance plans — bronze, silver, gold and platinum.
Another previous complaint by Republicans seems to apply now. For years, Republicans have reminded voters that the Affordable Care Act passed without any Republican votes. If they now repeal it, they are unlikely to have a single Democrat with them.
In 2009, Democratic senators negotiated with Republicans for months in hopes of finding common ground, but Republicans now do not expect any help from Democrats.
“We’re not going to do this with Democrats,” said Senator John Cornyn of Texas, the No. 2 Senate Republican.
In remarks prepared for the Ways and Means Committee meeting on Wednesday, Representative Sander M. Levin, Democrat of Michigan, said: “Bad process makes for bad policy. And the process we are using today is not only bad; it’s reckless. Almost no time to review the bill, no hearings on the bill, no C.B.O. estimate of the cost or coverage impact — this is legislative malpractice.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Days after the Senate confirmed him as administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, Scott Pruitt appeared at the Conservative Political Action Conference and was asked about addressing a group that probably wanted to eliminate his agency.
“I think it’s justified,” he responded, to cheers. “I think people across the country look at the E.P.A. the way they look at the I.R.S.”
In the days since, Mr. Pruitt, a former Oklahoma attorney general who built a career out of suing the agency he now leads, has moved to stock the top offices of the agency with like-minded conservatives — many of them skeptics of climate change and all of them intent on rolling back environmental regulations that they see as overly intrusive and harmful to business.
Mr. Pruitt has drawn heavily from the staff of his friend and fellow Oklahoma Republican, Senator James Inhofe, long known as Congress’s most prominent skeptic of climate science. A former Inhofe chief of staff, Ryan Jackson, will be Mr. Pruitt’s chief of staff. Another former Inhofe staff member, Byron Brown, will serve as Mr. Jackson’s deputy. Andrew Wheeler, a fossil fuel lobbyist and a former Inhofe chief of staff, is a finalist to be Mr. Pruitt’s deputy, although he requires confirmation to the position by the Senate.
To friends and critics, Mr. Pruitt seems intent on building an E.P.A. leadership that is fundamentally at odds with the career officials, scientists and employees who carry out the agency’s missions. That might be a recipe for strife and gridlock at the federal agency tasked to keep safe the nation’s clean air and water while safeguarding the planet’s future.
“He’s the most different kind of E.P.A. administrator that’s ever been,” said Steve J. Milloy, a member of the E.P.A. transition team who runs the website JunkScience.com, which aims to debunk climate change. “He’s not coming in thinking E.P.A. is the greatest thing since sliced bread. Quite the opposite.”
Gina McCarthy, who headed the E.P.A. under former President Barack Obama, said she too saw Mr. Pruitt as unique. “It’s fine to have differing opinions on how to meet the mission of the agency. Many Republican administrators have had that,” she said. “But here, for the first time, I see someone who has no commitment to the mission of the agency.”
A pair of Trump campaigners from Washington State are also heading into senior positions at the E.P.A. Don Benton, a former Washington state senator who headed President Trump’s state campaign, will be the agency’s senior liaison with the White House. Douglas Ericksen, a current Washington state senator, is being considered as the regional administrator of the E.P.A.’s Pacific Northwest office.
As a state senator, Mr. Ericksen has been active in opposing efforts to pass a state-level climate change law taxing carbon pollution. Last month, he invited Tony Heller, a climate denialist who blogs under the pseudonym Steven Goddard, to address a Washington State Senate committee on the costs of climate change policy. Mr. Heller’s blog says “global warming is the biggest fraud in science history.”
“I think the reason both of these guys are being considered for this stuff is they were the only prominent elected officials in the state of Washington that were early supporters and organizers for Trump,” said Todd Donovan, a political scientist at Western Washington University. “No other state legislators were putting their necks out for Trump.”
Another transition official under consideration by Mr. Pruitt for a permanent position is David Kreutzer, a senior research fellow in energy economics and climate change at the conservative Heritage Foundation who has publicly praised the benefits of increasing carbon dioxide in the atmosphere. That view stands in opposition to the broad scientific consensus that increased carbon dioxide traps heat and contributes to the dangerous warming of the planet.
The agency’s policy agenda is snapping into focus: Last week, Mr. Trump signed an executive order directing Mr. Pruitt to begin the legal process of dismantling a major Obama-era regulation aimed at increasing the federal government’s authority over rivers, streams and wetlands in order to prevent water pollution. Also last week, Mr. Pruitt ordered the agency to walk back a program on collecting data on methane emissions, a potent greenhouse gas, from oil and gas wells.
This week, Mr. Trump is expected to sign an executive order directing Mr. Pruitt to begin the legal process of unwinding Mr. Obama’s E.P.A. regulations aimed at curbing planet-warming pollution from coal-fired power plants, and Mr. Pruitt is expected to announce plans to begin to weaken an Obama-era rule mandating higher fuel economy standards.
A draft White House budget blueprint proposes to slash the E.P.A. budget by about 24 percent, or $2 billion from its current level of $8.1 billion, and cut employee numbers by about 20 percent from its current staff of about 15,000.
Agency employees say morale has already been damaged. After working for years to draft climate change regulations under the Obama administration, many of those same career scientists and lawyers will be ordered to go back and undo them.
Ms. McCarthy, who oversaw the writing and execution of those major water and climate change regulations, said it would be difficult and time-consuming to reverse them, especially if Mr. Trump succeeds in greatly downsizing the agency.
“If you want to do these executive orders that require a whole rewrite of the rule, you have to get that right, legally,” she said. “It took years to do those rules. To now ask for those things to be undone with less staff and low morale — how are they going to do it?”
There is one area in which Mr. Pruitt has vowed to continue the traditional work of the E.P.A.: a longstanding program for sending funds to states to clean up “brownfields” — former industrial sites that have been contaminated by pollution. Although Mr. Trump’s budget blueprint would slash funds for that program, Mr. Pruitt pledged to a gathering of mayors in Washington last week that he would fight to save the program.
“With the White House and Congress I am communicating a message about brownfields,” he told mayors. “I want to hear from you about successes and communicate them.”
J. Christian Bollwage, the Democratic mayor of Elizabeth, N.J., a city that has been plagued with industrial pollution, said he was heartened to hear the pledge.
“I’ve never heard such a vociferous defense of providing brownfields grants,” he said. “He was explicit. He said he was going to take the defense of brownfields to the White House. I was impressed and hopeful.”
But, Mr. Bollwage added, “Coming from New Jersey, climate change is also a big issue. And I’m still worried about an administration that seems to think climate change is a hoax.”
Concern over Mr. Pruitt’s stewardship may not be long-lived. There is speculation that the E.P.A. chief already has his eyes on a different office.
Mr. Inhofe, 82, will complete his current Senate term in 2020. While he declined to speak of his retirement plans, Mr. Inhofe said of Mr. Pruitt, “I think he’d make a great senator.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Charles Peters, the renowned Washington Monthly editor, is going on 91, does not get around very easily and was disgusted enough by President Trump’s address to Congress to let loose a few profanities in his gentle West Virginia drawl.
But Mr. Peters remains an optimist, believing that salvation is still possible if the country returns to the true faith of his New Deal youth.
“Maybe I’m old,” he said in an interview in his living room here last week, “but I’m forever hopeful about the Democratic Party.”
Mr. Peters has spent much of his life in and around politics. He was once a young state legislator who thought he wanted to be governor. Then he felt the tug to the nation’s capital, where he was one of the first executives of the Peace Corps.
Eventually he founded and ran a feisty, liberal-leaning policy magazine perhaps best known for launching the careers of dozens of prominent journalists, including James Fallows, Jon Meacham, David Ignatius and Katherine Boo. Now he has written a book that some of those old charges think amounts to a last testament.
To hear Mr. Peters himself tell it, though, the book, “We Do Our Part,” is a desperate plea to his country and party to resist the temptations of greed, materialism and elitism — vices he believes have corroded the civic culture and led to the Democrats’ failure last year.
“I’m trying to grab people by the lapels and say, ‘We’ve got to change,’” he said. “And I feel that there is a realism to that hope because of the shock of this election.”
Mr. Peters’s book — the title is taken from the motto of the New Deal’s National Recovery Administration — is not a memoir. But his own formative experiences are at the core of his cri de coeur.
Democrats, Washington and too much of the country, he argues, have drifted from the sense of shared purpose that lifted America out of the Depression, created the will to win World War II and fostered the rise of a more egalitarian, if still inequitable, society.
Mr. Peters saw it firsthand. As a child, he witnessed his parents hand food to hungry strangers who came to the back door of their Charleston, W.Va., home.
Later, as a young lawyer, he oversaw the local presidential campaign of a Catholic senator hoping to win over a largely Protestant state. The success of John F. Kennedy in the 1960 Democratic primary there helped forge a conviction that Mr. Peters feels his party must not lose sight of today, even as more working-class whites drift from what was the party of their class.
“The better angels of the state’s voters had won out, engraving on me the lesson that prejudice can be overcome,” he writes.
Mr. Peters’s idealism is undiminished: He thinks that the sort of blue-collar white voters who just rejected Hillary Clinton in his native state, where she lost by 42 percentage points, can be won back if Democrats are again seen as the party of the common man rather than the liberal professional class. But he spends much of 274 pages outlining why that may prove so difficult.
Through a series of anecdotes, statistics and other plucked-from-the-news items that will be familiar to anyone who read his “Tilting at Windmills” column in Washington Monthly, Mr. Peters recounts how liberals were once invigorated with the public-spirited fervor of the New Deal and New Frontier, but sold out. Race-baiting conservatives then swooped in, he says, and the country was left the worse for it.
“Our national problem is that too many of our cultural winds are blowing us in the direction of self-absorption, self-promotion, and making a barrel of money,” he writes.
He piles up the evidence, reserving most of his scorn for the liberal meritocratic class that he believes has allowed Democrats to be depicted as out of touch.
“By 1985 there were more investment banks conducting job interviews at Harvard than any other profession,” he writes. Only eight retiring congressmen became lobbyists through the entire 1930s, while 41 retiring lawmakers from the class of 2010 alone joined the ranks of influence-peddling.
Mr. Peters even gleans signs of American decline and rising greed in some strange weather vanes, including the shifting motives of those who betrayed the country. Once, reputed spies such as Julius and Ethel Rosenberg and Alger Hiss spied out of “their commitment to an ideology,” he writes. But the two most high-profile moles of more recent years, Aldrich Ames and Robert Hanssen, “did it for the money.”
Mr. Peters may not be above stretching his case, but his argument is well timed. In the final pages, he appeals to former President Barack Obama to eschew “making a lot of money and hanging out with Anna Wintour” and focus instead on “teaching how government works” to inspire a new generation of leaders.
“We cannot continue to have our role models continue to cash in,” Mr. Peters warns in a book to be released a week after it was reported that the former president and first lady, fresh from their Caribbean vacation with the British tycoon Richard Branson, will make about $65 million (some of which will go to charity) for writing separate memoirs.
His other prescriptions reflect his preference for New Deal populism mixed with what he fashions as “neoliberalism,” a reform-minded approach to governance that questions progressive pieties on such issues as education.
Mostly, though, Mr. Peters would like to see one final revival of the animating spirit of his youth, an awakening to the importance of government service, teaching, journalism and the worth of public life. Spurning “conspicuous consumption,” a favorite phrase, may seem far-fetched for a country that just elected Donald J. Trump to be president.
But even a few minutes after warning a visitor last week that he was becoming weary, Mr. Peters leaned forward from his chair and continued “evangelizing,” as he put it.
“Think of the great days when we were together fighting for fairness and justice for all,” he said, again summoning an idealized version of the Roosevelt era. “We can be that way again.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump has no regrets. His staff has no defense.
After weeks of assailing reporters and critics in diligent defense of their boss, Mr. Trump’s team has been uncharacteristically muted this week when pressed about his explosive — and so far proof-free — Twitter posts on Saturday accusing President Barack Obama of tapping phones in Trump Tower during the 2016 campaign.
The accusation — and the F.B.I. director, James B. Comey, and the former national intelligence director, James R. Clapper Jr., emphatically deny that any such wiretap was requested or issued — constitutes one of the most consequential accusations made by one president against another in American history.
So for Mr. Trump’s allies inside the West Wing and beyond, the tweetstorm spawned the mother of all messaging migraines. Over the past few days, they have executed what amounts to a strategic political retreat — trying to publicly validate Mr. Trump’s suspicions without overtly endorsing a claim some of them believe might have been generated by Breitbart News and other far-right outlets.
“No, that’s above my pay grade,” said Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary and a feisty Trump loyalist, when asked on Tuesday at an on-camera briefing if he had seen any evidence to back up Mr. Trump’s accusation. The reporters kept at him, but Mr. Spicer pointedly and repeatedly refused to offer personal assurances that the president’s statements were true.
“No comment,” Attorney General Jeff Sessions said earlier in the day. Last week, Mr. Sessions recused himself from any investigations involving the Trump campaign’s contacts with Russia.
“I don’t know anything about it,” John F. Kelly, the homeland security secretary, said on CNN on Monday. Mr. Kelly shrugged and added that “if the president of the United States said that, he’s got his reasons to say it.”
Representative Devin Nunes, Republican of California and the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, and Senator Richard M. Burr, Republican of North Carolina and the chairman of the Senate intelligence panel, have said they will add Mr. Trump’s request to pre-existing inquiries into intelligence community leaks.
But Mr. Nunes and Mr. Burr said they had not seen specific evidence backing up Mr. Trump’s claim.
Other Hill Republicans have responded with similar verbal shrugs. Senator John Cornyn of Texas, a member of the Intelligence Committee, said on Tuesday that he “didn’t know what the basis” of Mr. Trump’s statement was.
Mr. Trump’s Twitter posts, viewed with amazement outside the West Wing bubble, often create crises on the inside. That was never truer than when Mr. Trump began posting from his weekend retreat at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida shortly after sunrise on Saturday.
His groggy staff realized quickly that this was no typical Trump broadside, but an allegation with potentially far-reaching implications that threatened to derail a coming week that included the rollout of his redrafted travel ban and the unveiling of the Republican plan to replace the Affordable Care Act.
It began at 6:35 a.m. with a Twitter post reading: “Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my ‘wires tapped’ in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!”
Three other posts quickly followed, capped by a 7:02 rocket that read: “How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!”
That led to a succession of frantic staff conference calls, including one consultation with the White House counsel, Donald F. McGahn II, as staff members grasped the reality that the president had opened an attack on his predecessor.
Mr. Trump, advisers said, was in high spirits after he fired off the posts. But by midafternoon, after returning from golf, he appeared to realize he had gone too far, although he still believed Mr. Obama had wiretapped him, according to two people in Mr. Trump’s orbit.
He sounded defiant in conversations at Mar-a-Lago with his friend Christopher Ruddy, the chief executive of Newsmax Media, Mr. Ruddy said. In other conversations that afternoon, the president sounded uncertain of the procedure for obtaining a warrant for secret wiretaps on an American citizen.
Mr. Trump also canvassed some aides and associates about whether an investigator, even one outside the government, could substantiate his charge.
People close to Mr. Trump had seen the pattern before. The episode echoed repeated instances in the 2016 presidential campaign.
During the primary contests, Mr. Trump seized on a false National Enquirer article that raised a connection between the father of Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and John F. Kennedy’s assassin, Lee Harvey Oswald. Later, Mr. Trump justified it to skeptical campaign aides by saying, “Even if it isn’t totally true, there’s something there,” according to a former campaign official.
Over the weekend, aides to Mr. Trump decided the only real solution to the presidential Twitter posts was to kick the allegations to Congress. On Sunday, Mr. Spicer issued a statement saying that the matter was effectively closed and that the president would not address it again until the intelligence committees had released their findings — which could be many months away.
But that has not quieted the uproar. Mr. Comey was incensed by Mr. Trump’s accusation because it implied that the F.B.I. had broken the law, and he pressed the Justice Department, unsuccessfully, to deny it.
On Tuesday, even as Mr. Spicer was telling reporters that the matter was above his pay grade, he said the president had “absolutely” no intention of taking back his accusations.
Mr. Trump has not spoken to Mr. Comey about the matter, Mr. Spicer said, offering a muted response when asked if the F.B.I. director retained the president’s confidence. “I have no reason to believe he doesn’t,” Mr. Spicer said, adding that Mr. Trump “has not suggested that to me.”
Mr. Spicer bristled when pressed by a reporter to weigh in on the veracity of the president’s wiretapping allegation.
“I get that that’s a cute question to ask,” he said. “I think we’ve tried to play this game before. I’m not here to speak for myself. I’m here to speak for the president of the United States and our government.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — After seven years of waiting longingly to annul President Barack Obama’s signature health care law, Republican leaders on Tuesday faced a sudden revolt from the right that threatened their proposal to remake the American health care system.
The much-anticipated House plan to repeal the Affordable Care Act also drew skepticism from some of the party’s more moderate members, whose constituents have benefited from expanded coverage in recent years.
The criticism came even before lawmakers knew the cost of the replacement plan and how many people might lose their health care if it were enacted.
House Republicans were rushing the legislation through two powerful committees — Ways and Means, and Energy and Commerce — with the hope of a full House vote next week, an extraordinarily compressed time frame considering that the legislation affects many parts of the United States economy and could alter the health care of millions of Americans.
But the swift opposition from fellow Republicans signaled that they might have to drastically reconsider their approach, and the White House portrayed the bill as a work in progress. If more than a dozen House Republicans defect, the bill will be in jeopardy, with Democrats almost certainly united as a bloc.
“Doing big things is never easy,” Speaker Paul D. Ryan conceded at a news conference on Tuesday after absorbing broad-based criticism of the bill. Still, he guaranteed he would drum up the 218 votes needed for passage, saying, “The nightmare of Obamacare is about to end.”
The Republican bill would eliminate the mandate for most Americans in favor of a new system of tax credits to induce people to buy insurance on the open market. It would also eventually roll back the expansion of Medicaid that has provided coverage to more than 10 million people in 31 states.
Vice President Mike Pence met Tuesday with conservative members of the House to assure them that their feedback was still being considered, and President Trump entertained a group of House Republicans charged with persuading their colleagues to vote for the measure.
“We’re going to do something that’s great, and I am proud to support the replacement plan released by the House of Representatives,” Mr. Trump said. “This will be a plan where you can choose your doctor, and this will be a plan where you can choose your plan. And you know what the plan is. This is the plan. It’s a complicated process, but actually it’s very simple, it’s called good health care.”
Some White House officials insist that Mr. Trump will be directly engaged in persuading lawmakers to back the bill.
But many of the factions that provided financial and political support to back Republicans who vowed to wipe out the Affordable Care Act are nowhere near satisfied with the option rolled out on Monday.
“This is not the Obamacare repeal bill we’ve been waiting for,” said Senator Mike Lee, Republican of Utah, who was joined by a constellation of conservative groups, including the Club for Growth, Heritage Action for America and Charles G. and David H. Koch’s Americans for Prosperity. “It is a missed opportunity and a step in the wrong direction. We promised the American people we would drain the swamp and end business as usual in Washington. This bill does not do that.”
The Republican bill would scrap the mandated coverage in the Affordable Care Act in favor of tax incentives to coax people to purchase health care. But the legislation maintains many of the act’s mandates and basic benefits, including prohibiting insurers from denying policies for pre-existing conditions or capping benefits in a year or a lifetime.
Some conservatives have labeled the House plan “Obamacare lite,” saying it is nearly as intrusive in the insurance market as the law it would replace. In particular, they dislike the delay in getting rid of the law’s Medicaid expansion. They also dislike the tax credits in the Republican plan, which can exceed the amount a consumer actually owes in federal income taxes, meaning that the Internal Revenue Service would be issuing checks to cover insurance premiums. The House plan also maintains many of the demands on insurers that the Affordable Care Act has, including a defined suite of “essential benefits” that all insurers must offer.
Representative Jim Jordan, Republican of Ohio, said that he would introduce a “clean repeal” bill and that Senator Rand Paul, Republican of Kentucky, would offer a companion bill.
Republicans have been counting on Mr. Trump to use his influence to persuade wavering members to support the plan. But despite his characterization of the bill as “tremendous” on Tuesday, others in his administration seemed to concede that changes, perhaps major ones, were likely.
Speaking to reporters after meeting with Senate Republicans at the Capitol, Mr. Pence offered the White House’s imprimatur, calling the bill the “framework for reform.” He added that the administration was “certainly open to improvements,” making clear that the wrangling had just begun. Tom Price, the secretary of health and human services, said twice at a briefing with reporters at the White House that the bill was “a work in progress.”
He also suggested that some provisions Mr. Trump is seeking, like the ability to buy insurance across state lines and the lowering of drug prices, might be addressed through regulation.
Representative Mark Meadows, Republican of North Carolina, said Mr. Pence had portrayed the bill as a work in progress that would no doubt be amended, perhaps significantly. “The bill that was introduced last night is still open for negotiation and certainly for modification,” Mr. Meadows said. “And we took that as very encouraging news.”
Even with substantial changes, passage of the bill is in no way assured. House Republicans accomplished too little in shrinking the size of the government’s role in the health sector to pull the most conservative members their way, yet they may not have done enough to allay the concerns of some Republican senators who are skeptical of elements like rolling back the Medicaid expansion and defunding Planned Parenthood.
In an interview with a radio station on Tuesday, Senator Roy Blunt, Republican of Missouri, said, “What I don’t like is it may not be a plan that gets a majority of votes and lets us move on, because I think we can’t stay where we are with the plan we’ve got now.”
The response from insurers was largely muted on Tuesday. They have praised the initial steps taken by the administration to stabilize the individual market, and they said they were encouraged by the desire to provide a smooth transition in the next two years. But several questioned the adequacy of the tax credits.
“It is important that the tax credit for 2020 creates a marketplace that enables people to get the coverage they need at a price they can afford,” Alissa Fox, a senior vice president at the BlueCross BlueShield Association, said in a statement. “We look forward to working with Congress to create a stable and affordable private market.”
By proceeding so swiftly, and largely in secret, Republicans have opened themselves to the same criticisms that they leveled at Democrats in 2010. If the bill is passed by the full House as early as next week, Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, has promised to bring it immediately to the Senate floor without a single hearing.
“After years of howling at the moon about Democrats rushing through the Affordable Care Act — the mantra they said over and over and over again on the floor here and in the House, ‘read the bill’ — Republicans are having committee votes two days after the bill is released,” Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, said on the Senate floor. “No wonder they don’t want anyone to know what’s in the bill.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump said on Tuesday on Twitter that “122 vicious prisoners, released by the Obama Administration from Gitmo, have returned to the battlefield. Just another terrible decision!”
Is that true?
No, what Mr. Trump wrote is false.
What is true?
According to the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, of the 714 former Guantánamo Bay detainees who were transferred to other countries by Jan. 15, 2017 — dating back to when the Bush administration opened the prison in Cuba in January 2002 — 121 are “confirmed” to have engaged in militant activity after their release.
However, the overwhelming majority of those 121 men, 113 of them, were transferred under President George W. Bush, not President Barack Obama.
Notably, about half of the men deemed recidivists are dead or in custody.
Why is Mr. Trump writing about Guantánamo recidivism today?
Probably because on Monday the Pentagon announced that an American airstrike in Yemen several days ago, which targeted Al Qaeda’s Yemen branch, killed a former Guantánamo Bay detainee. The ex-detainee, known as Mohammed Tahar at the time he was imprisoned in Cuba, had been repatriated to Yemen in December 2009, under the Obama administration.
Why did most of the so-called recidivists come from Bush-era releases?
One reason is that most of the former Guantánamo detainees in the world departed the prison under Mr. Bush: 532 of the 714 former detainees who left the prison alive departed under Mr. Bush. That is because Mr. Bush decided in his second term that, as he wrote in his memoir, “the detention facility had become a propaganda tool for our enemies and a distraction for our allies,” and he started trying to close it.
But it is also true that in terms of percentages, Bush-era releases have been more likely to cause problems than Obama-era releases: About 35 percent of Bush-era transfers are confirmed or suspected of causing problems, while about 11.5 percent of Obama-era transfers fall into one of those two categories, according to the intelligence director’s office.
The difference is because the Bush administration struck diplomatic deals to repatriate large batches of prisoners to countries like Saudi Arabia and Afghanistan in bulk, and many recidivists come from those batches. By contrast, the Obama administration developed an individualized review process by six agencies to determine whether to recommend transferring each detainee. Over time, it also developed more careful diplomatic and monitoring plans with receiving countries to ease their reintegration into society that reduced, but obviously did not eliminate, the risk of recidivism.
Who is left at Guantánamo?
Mr. Obama made a late push to get the number of men on a list of those recommended for transfer — many of whom were low-level Yemeni prisoners who languished with that status for years because Yemen was in chaos and there was no good place to send them — resettled in stable countries. By the time of Mr. Trump’s inauguration, there were just 41 prisoners left. Of those, 10 are facing charges or were convicted in the military commissions system; 26 are being held in open-ended wartime detention; and five are on the list of those recommended for transfer.
What is Mr. Trump going to do with Guantánamo?
Mr. Trump has indicated that he will bring new detainees there, possibly including from the Islamic State. So far, Mr. Trump has not halted the parole-like reviews by six agencies that decide whether to add someone’s name to the transfer list. But Mr. Trump has repeatedly called for a halt to transfers, suggesting that the five men left on the transfer list — and anyone else the parole-like board may add to it — face an uncertain future.
If Mr. Trump releases no prisoners, will the recidivism numbers stay static?
Almost certainly not. Those numbers are current through mid-January; the intelligence director’s office will release updated reports every six months.
The 714 former Guantánamo detainees largely consisted of Middle Eastern men who were swept up in Afghanistan or Pakistan around 15 years ago and suspected of being low-level militants there before the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. Almost none of them received trials, and some were released because courts decided the evidence against them was too thin.
Most such wartime prisoners appear to have settled into peaceful lives, but it may take time for it to become clear whether any particular one has successfully reintegrated into society or has drifted — or drifted back — into Islamist militancy.
An additional 75 men released under Mr. Bush and 13 under Mr. Obama were “suspected” of post-transfer militant activity. Intelligence agencies may end up confirming their suspicions about some of them, and they may become newly suspicious about other former detainees.
It is also possible that analysts may come to doubt their former assessment that a detainee they had deemed “confirmed” was really a recidivist. In the office’s most recent report, released on Tuesday, the number attributed to Obama-era releases dropped to eight from nine.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee called on Tuesday for the appointment of a special counsel to lead the criminal investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election, saying the appointment was necessary to shield the inquiry from the appearance of political interference by the Trump administration.
“This is about more than just one individual,” said Senator Dianne Feinstein of California, the panel’s ranking Democrat. “This is about the integrity of the process and the public’s faith in our institution of justice.”
But the Republican chairman of the panel, Senator Charles E. Grassley of Iowa, said he saw no need for the appointment of a special counsel as the panel took up the confirmation of Mr. Trump’s nominee to be deputy attorney general, Rod J. Rosenstein.
“There are times when special counsels are appropriate,” Mr. Grassley said. “But it’s far too soon to tell here. And even if there were evidence of a crime related to any of these matters, once confirmed, Mr. Rosenstein can decide how to handle it. I know of no reason to question his judgment, integrity or impartiality.”
Because Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused himself from overseeing any criminal investigation into 2016 campaign matters, Mr. Rosenstein would be in charge of that case if he is confirmed.
The circumstances that led Mr. Sessions to step aside — the revelation that he had spoken twice to the Russian ambassador last year, despite telling Senator Al Franken, Democrat of Minnesota, at his own confirmation hearing in January that he had had no contact with Russians — led to a heated moment.
Mr. Franken read from a letter Mr. Sessions sent to the committee on Monday that insisted his answer had been true because he understood Mr. Franken’s question to be about Russian contacts in his role as a surrogate for the Trump campaign, not his role as a senator, and said he had not previously seen a need to correct or supplement that answer because no one had “suggested otherwise.”
Mr. Franken called that “insulting” and demanded that Mr. Sessions be called back before the panel. Mr. Grassley, raising his voice, accused Mr. Franken of having asked Mr. Sessions a “gotcha question,” and the two briefly shouted over each other.
In rejecting Democratic calls for a special counsel, Mr. Grassley noted that Mr. Rosenstein — the United States attorney for the district of Maryland — was a longtime prosecutor who served under Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama.
Ms. Feinstein, however, said her call was not related to Mr. Rosenstein’s integrity, but the need to avoid even the appearance of a conflict of interest. She also said that the prosecutor should be a nonpartisan person who is appointed “independently” rather than by the attorney general.
However, the law that permitted the appointment of an independent counsel by a three-judge panel, rather than by the attorney general, has expired. Under Justice Department regulations for special counsels, Mr. Rosenstein, if confirmed, would essentially be the attorney general for the purpose of the Russia case since Mr. Sessions recused himself. It would be Mr. Rosenstein’s decision to appoint a special counsel, who would answer to him.
The exchange came at a Judiciary Committee hearing on whether to confirm Mr. Rosenstein, as well as Rachel Brand, whom Mr. Trump has nominated to be the associate attorney general, the Justice Department’s third-ranking official.
Throughout the morning, Mr. Rosenstein repeatedly parried questions about the investigation into Russian interference and whether he would appoint a special counsel to handle it, saying that he has not yet been briefed on any investigation the department may have into the 2016 election.
“I am simply not in a position to answer the question because I don’t know the information,” he said.
But Ms. Feinstein pointed to the decision in 2003 by James Comey, who was then the deputy attorney general and is now F.B.I. director, to bring in an outsider to investigate a leak of the C.I.A. operative Valerie Plame’s identity that might be tied to the Bush White House. That case led to the conviction of I. Lewis Libby, a top aide to Vice President Dick Cheney, for making false statements to the F.B.I. (Mr. Bush later granted him clemency.)
Ms. Feinstein said cases like the Plame leak showed the need for independent, outside eyes to examine allegations of wrongdoing that might lead back to the White House — as she said could happen in the current controversy over Russia’s election meddling.
She appeared to grow frustrated as Mr. Rosenstein explained the circumstances and legal issues that might influence his decision about whether to hold on to the investigation himself or bring in an outsider. “I’m trying to figure out what your bottom line is,” she told him at one point.
And when Mr. Rosenstein pleaded ignorance about any investigation, Democrats repeatedly pointed to an unclassified intelligence report that concluded that President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia ordered an influence operation to harm Hillary Clinton’s electability and potential presidency and to help Mr. Trump.
Mr. Rosenstein said that as a prosecutor the issue for him was “what I can prove in court,” but that he had “no reason to doubt” what the intelligence agencies concluded. He also assured Senator Patrick J. Leahy, Democrat of Vermont, that he would not be on Russia’s side.
“Senator, I don’t know the details of what, if any, investigation is ongoing, but I can certainly assure you if it’s America against Russia or America against any other country, I think everyone in this room knows which side I’m on,” he said.
Mr. Rosenstein has served for nearly 12 years as the United States attorney in Maryland — longer than any other United States prosecutor. Despite the pressure from Democrats over his refusal to say whether he would appoint a special counsel, he remains likely to be approved by the Republican-led Senate as the deputy attorney general, which would make him the manager of day-to-day operations at the 115,000-employee department.
The Russia controversy dominated the hearing, but Republicans and Democrats questioned Mr. Rosenstein and Ms. Brand on other civil and criminal policies.
Several Democrats said they were particularly concerned about a series of civil rights stances that Mr. Sessions has taken to roll back Obama-era policies on transgender protections, voting rights and other areas. Mr. Sessions was scheduled to meet Tuesday afternoon with a group of civil rights leaders who planned to raise their concerns directly with him.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Known as a no-nonsense, even-keeled prosecutor, Rod J. Rosenstein was expected to sail through Senate confirmation to be the Justice Department’s second-in-command. But that process has become enmeshed in the drama surrounding questions about President Trump’s campaign ties to Russia.
Mr. Rosenstein faces the Senate Judiciary Committee on Tuesday as the president’s nominee for deputy attorney general. In that post, he would oversee investigations into Mr. Trump’s campaign and Russia, because Attorney General Jeff Sessions removed himself from any such cases after the disclosure last week that he had misled Congress about meeting twice with the Russian ambassador.
Democrats who have otherwise expressed confidence in Mr. Rosenstein’s prosecutorial skills said they were skeptical that he — or anyone besides an independent outside counsel — would not be subject to political pressure while overseeing such an investigation.
“Rosenstein has a good reputation as a career prosecutor, but this is going to test him, and I worry about the integrity of the Justice Department,” Senator Patrick J. Leahy, a Vermont Democrat on the Judiciary Committee, said in a telephone interview Monday.
Through his office, Mr. Rosenstein declined to comment.
The F.B.I., which is overseen by the Justice Department, is known to have examined possible contacts between Russia and Trump advisers. The House Intelligence Committee has also opened an inquiry into whether Russia tried to influence the election.
Mr. Rosenstein, who received his law degree from Harvard, is nothing if not a survivor after nearly 12 years as the United States attorney for Maryland under both Republican and Democratic presidents.
He was one of only three United States attorneys appointed by the administration of President George W. Bush to be kept in the job by President Barack Obama in 2009 — and the only one to last all eight years of Mr. Obama’s administration. His supporters say he has been willing to take on politically charged cases throughout his career.
Two decades ago, Mr. Rosenstein worked on Kenneth Starr’s independent counsel investigation into the Whitewater affair, earning three convictions related to President Bill Clinton’s business dealings in Arkansas.
In a high-profile leak case last year, Mr. Rosenstein extracted a guilty plea from James E. “Hoss” Cartwright, a retired four-star Marine general and a former vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Former Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. had asked Mr. Rosenstein and another prosecutor to handle the investigation after accusations the Obama administration was behind leaks related to a cyberattack and drone strikes.
Just last week, Mr. Rosenstein announced the indictments of seven Baltimore police officers on conspiracy and racketeering charges.
“He has a reputation for being a straight shooter who plays it right down the middle, and those are important qualities for a deputy attorney general,” said Matthew S. Axelrod, who was the top aide to former Deputy Attorney General Sally Q. Yates and is now in private practice in Washington at the Linklaters law firm.
Mr. Trump fired Ms. Yates as the acting attorney general five weeks ago after she refused to defend the initial version of his travel ban in court because she said she was uncertain it was legal.
Mr. Leahy, the Vermont senator, said that her firing made the debate over Mr. Rosenstein’s nomination even more important, with “that kind of precedent” hanging over him.
Douglas F. Gansler, a former Maryland attorney general, said on Monday, “Rod is about as apolitical a person as you can imagine, which is why he could survive eight years in a Democratic administration after being named by a Republican.”
“Would he stand up to the political winds of President Trump?” he said. “I’d think yes.”
The Justice Department said Monday that if Mr. Rosenstein was confirmed, he would oversee any investigations related not only to the Trump campaign, but also to the president’s transition after the Nov. 8 election.
In announcing on Thursday that he would remove himself from such a case, Mr. Sessions had left open the possibility that he might still oversee matters related to the transition period. But in a letter to leaders of the Senate Judiciary Committee late on Monday, he said that his recusal “would include any such matters,” as well.
That question is important because Michael T. Flynn, who served as Mr. Trump’s national security adviser for less than a month, admitted that he had contacts with the Russian ambassador, Sergey I. Kislyak, during the transition. Some Democrats have said that those contacts — which helped force Mr. Flynn’s resignation — might have been illegal.
Mr. Sessions also spoke at least twice with Mr. Kislyak: once at the Republican National Convention in July, and again at his Senate office in September, two months before the election.
When asked at his confirmation hearing in January about a news article about contacts between the Trump campaign and Russian officials, Mr. Sessions responded, “I didn’t have, did not have communications with the Russians.”
Democrats accused him of lying to the committee by not disclosing his conversations with the ambassador, and they called for the Justice Department to open a perjury investigation. In his letter on Monday, Mr. Sessions said that “my answer was correct,” because he said his conversations with the ambassador were not political in nature.
In answering the question, Mr. Sessions wrote, “I did not mention communications I had had with the Russian ambassador over the years, because the question did not ask about them.”
Senator Charles E. Grassley, the Iowa Republican who leads the Judiciary Committee, said he was satisfied with the attorney general’s explanation.
“I appreciate Attorney General Sessions’s quick action to clear up confusion about his statement,” Mr. Grassley said Monday.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — When last they saw each other six weeks ago after the ceremonial passing of power, President Trump and former President Barack Obama parted with smiles and handshakes. But it did not take long for the surface bonhomie to degenerate into a fierce and public clash unlike any other in modern times.
While Mr. Obama has remained quiet for the most part, some of his closest loyalists moved into opposition mode, leading what some only half-jokingly call “the resistance.” Mr. Trump, convinced that Obama holdovers still in government are trying to sabotage his presidency, took the conflict nuclear over the weekend by accusing his predecessor of bugging his telephones last year.
Mr. Trump provided no proof, and the charge was quickly dismissed by intelligence veterans and, indirectly, the F.B.I., but that did not make it any less sensational or any less historic. Never in recent generations has the natural friction between current and past presidents spilled over into such a public spectacle. If sustained, it could fray the institution of the presidency, further erode the public’s already low confidence in the nation’s leadership and leave both allies and enemies with the impression of an America at war with itself.
Perhaps it should be no surprise that it came to this between the 44th and 45th presidents. During last year’s campaign, Mr. Obama called Mr. Trump a “con artist and a know-nothing” who could not be trusted with the nuclear codes. Mr. Trump called Mr. Obama “the worst president in the history of the United States” after spending years questioning whether he had been born in the United States. They put that rancor aside for a cordial meeting after the election, but that barely veiled the chasm between them in terms of personality, politics and policy.
“We’re in a unique period,” said Newt Gingrich, the Republican former House speaker who has been an outside adviser to the new president. “Trump is a genuinely disruptive figure who threatens everything Obama stands for.”
Mr. Obama’s camp insisted they are simply defending their legacy. “It takes two people to duel, and only one seems to be aiming his weapon,” said Jennifer Psaki, White House communications director under Mr. Obama. “The uniqueness of the time is the fact that you have one unhinged and misinformed sitting president pointing his gun at a former. That is unprecedented.”
Denis R. McDonough, Mr. Obama’s last White House chief of staff, said the former president’s team could not remain silent in the face of false assertions. “What I have witnessed in recent days is former colleagues speaking out against untruths when needed,” he said. “That is best characterized as not backing down from attacks; it is not seeking out conflict.”
But inside the Trump White House, it has become an article of faith that people seeded throughout the government by Mr. Obama have been leaking everything they could get their hands on to damage the new president.
“I think that President Obama is behind it, because his people are certainly behind it,” Mr. Trump said in a recent interview with “Fox & Friends.” “And some of the leaks possibly come from that group, you know, some of the leaks, which are really very serious leaks, because they’re very bad in terms of national security.”
Other presidents have endured fractious relations. After leaving office, Herbert Hoover regularly castigated Franklin D. Roosevelt, who ostracized his predecessor. Harry S. Truman was so estranged from Dwight D. Eisenhower that they did not speak during a frosty ride to the 1953 inauguration. Ronald Reagan publicly blamed his woes on the mess he said Jimmy Carter had left him, just as Mr. Obama from time to time pointed the finger at George W. Bush.
But none of those moments compared to what America has seen in recent days. “Trump is on new ground in going after Obama,” said the historian Robert Dallek, who has written acclaimed books on John F. Kennedy, Lyndon B. Johnson and Richard M. Nixon. Most presidents have publicly ignored their predecessors “until we get to Trump,” he added. “He is either ignorant of recent presidential history or simply doesn’t care.”
The closest analogue in modern times may have been Johnson and Nixon, both presidents who favored secret wiretapping. In his last days in office, Johnson was furious at Nixon after wiretaps revealed that a Republican intermediary seemed to be trying to undercut possible peace talks before the 1968 election. For his part, Nixon was convinced that Johnson had bugged him. Yet neither Johnson nor Nixon publicly aired those grievances at the time.
“The Nixon tapes show that Nixon always thought that Johnson taped his 1968 campaign, and possibly Nixon himself,” said Luke A. Nichter, a leading scholar of Nixon’s secret Oval Office tapes at Texas A&M University. “Nixon said that it was J. Edgar Hoover who told him this. However, based on the available records, the closest to wiretapping Nixon that L.B.J. ever came was monitoring the phone calls out of Spiro Agnew’s campaign plane.”
Before last year’s campaign, Mr. Obama told advisers that he was inclined to keep quiet after leaving office to give his successor a chance to govern, much as Mr. Bush did for him. But he expected that successor to be Hillary Clinton or even Jeb Bush or Marco Rubio. Mr. Trump was a different story, and Mr. Obama concluded he would speak out if he felt the nation’s ideals were under threat.
Ten days into the new administration, when Mr. Trump issued his first temporary travel ban on visitors from seven largely Muslim countries and cited Mr. Obama’s own actions as precedent, the former president did just that in a statement saying he “fundamentally disagrees with the notion of discriminating against individuals because of their faith or religion.”
His team did not wait even that long. The day after the inauguration, former Obama administration officials, including John Kerry, whose tenure as secretary of state had just ended, joined a women’s march in Washington protesting Mr. Trump. Other officials appeared on television talk shows and newspaper op-ed pages to speak out against the new president’s policies.
Mr. Trump’s team has been angered by the criticism but even more by what they see as the enemy within. With so few of his own political appointees in place, much of the government is still operating with acting officials, some held over from the Obama administration. Moreover, the federal Civil Service, while officially neutral politically, is not dominated by Trump supporters, judging by vote results in Washington and its suburbs.
So when Mark Levin, the conservative radio host, contended that Mr. Obama had targeted Mr. Trump for surveillance in what he called a “silent coup,” an assertion picked up by Breitbart News, the former website of the White House chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon, it struck a chord. Along with reports that in Mr. Obama’s last days in office his administration changed the rules on distributing intelligence and made a point of spreading information about Mr. Trump’s team and Russia to different parts of the government to “preserve” it, the wiretapping allegation pushed Mr. Trump over the top.
“It’s a sign of how deeply frustrated he is,” Mr. Gingrich said. “They have a much bigger assault against them than people have had in the past.”
And so, Mr. Gingrich added, Mr. Trump needs to figure out how to get control of his own bureaucracy. “He’s not going to survive,” he said, “unless he profoundly rethinks what they’re doing and how they’re doing it.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump’s allegations that former President Barack Obama tapped his phone and his assertions that the bureaucracy is leaking secrets to discredit him are the latest signs of a White House preoccupation with a “deep state” working to thwart the Trump presidency.
The concept of a “deep state” — a shadowy network of agency or military officials who secretly conspire to influence government policy — is more often used to describe countries like Egypt, Turkey and Pakistan, where authoritarian elements band together to undercut democratically elected leaders. But inside the West Wing, Mr. Trump and his inner circle, particularly his chief strategist, Stephen K. Bannon, see the influence of such forces at work within the United States, essentially arguing that their own government is being undermined from within.
It is an extraordinary contention for a sitting president to make. Mr. Trump, who last year angrily dismissed the conclusion of intelligence officials that the Russians interfered in the presidential election to boost his candidacy, has now asked both his staff and a congressional committee investigating Moscow’s influence on the election to turn up evidence that Mr. Obama led an effort to spy on him.
“What President Trump is discovering is that he has a huge, huge problem underneath him, and I think he’s shocked that the system is as hostile as it is,” said Newt Gingrich, a top adviser to Mr. Trump’s campaign who said he has spoken with Mr. Bannon many times about his suspicion of the deep state and what he sees as its pernicious influence.
“We’re up against a permanent bureaucratic structure defending itself and quite willing to break the law to do so,” Mr. Gingrich said.
Neither Mr. Trump nor Mr. Bannon has used the term “deep state” publicly. But each has argued that there is an orchestrated effort underway, fueled by leaks and enabled by the news media, to cut down the new president and interfere with his agenda.
“Reports concerning potentially politically motivated investigations immediately ahead of the 2016 election are very troubling,” Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said on Sunday.
Mr. Bannon, speaking last month at the Conservative Political Action Conference, said a central element of Mr. Trump’s presidency would be the “deconstruction of the administrative state.” It was his latest articulation of a dim view of federal agencies that he argued had grabbed power at the behest of the “progressive left.”
Breitbart News, the conservative site Mr. Bannon used to run, uses the term deep state frequently in its coverage, including in a story on Sunday headlined “DeepStateGate: Trump Ends the Wiretapping Innuendo Game by Dealing Himself In.” The term has gained currency on other right-leaning websites, conservative talk radio and on social media, where Mr. Trump’s supporters are inflamed by the notion that a powerful secret cabal is plotting his downfall.
Veterans of prior administrations have been alarmed by the charge, arguing that it suggests an undemocratic nation where legal and moral norms are ignored.
“ ‘Deep state’ I would never use,” Michael V. Hayden, the former Central Intelligence Agency director under both Mr. Obama and former President George Bush, said on MSNBC on Monday. “That’s a phrase we’ve used for Turkey and other countries like that, but not the American republic.”
Loren DeJonge Schulman, a former top official in Mr. Obama’s National Security Council who is a senior fellow at the Center for a New American Security, said presidents and top White House officials often bristle at what they consider to be a sluggish bureaucracy. But it is jarring for an administration in power to claim that civil servants are actively working to subvert the government.
“A deep state, when you’re talking about Turkey or Egypt or other countries, that’s part of government or people outside of government that are literally controlling the direction of the country no matter who’s actually in charge, and probably engaging in murder and other corrupt practices,” Ms. Schulman said. “It’s shocking to hear that kind of thinking from a president or the people closest to him.”
Yet to Mr. Trump’s allies and supporters, the president is giving voice to a favorite theory.
“We are talking about the emergence of a deep state led by Barack Obama, and that is something that we should prevent,” said Representative Steve King, Republican of Iowa. “The person who understands this best is Steve Bannon, and I would think that he’s advocating to make some moves to fix it.”
Mr. King cited as evidence of a thriving deep state Mr. Obama’s decision to stay in Washington after leaving the White House, a decision he said was driven by the former president’s desire to frustrate Mr. Trump’s agenda. (Mr. Obama has said he is remaining in Washington until his younger daughter, Sasha, graduates from high school in 2019.)
Mr. Trump “needs to purge the leftists within the administration that are holdovers from the Obama administration, because it appears that they are undermining his administration and his chances of success,” Mr. King said.
The deep state is a phrase often heard in countries where there is a history of military coups and where generals often hold power independent of elected leaders.
Pakistan is Exhibit A: The deep state is often invoked in serious discussions about the role of the Pakistani military and its intelligence service, the Directorate of Inter-Services Intelligence.
Wide swaths of the population see the unseen hand of the security services behind major political events and all kinds of everyday happenings, such as random traffic stops.
The views are not without basis — there have been repeated military coups in Pakistan, and the military and the spy service often operate largely independent of the country’s politicians.
“The deep state concept emerges in places where the army and the security apparatus creates boundaries within which the civilian political people are allowed to operate,” said Peter Feaver, a specialist in civil-military issues at Duke University and a national security aide to Mr. Bush. “If they transgress those boundaries, then the deep state interferes to reorder things, often using military force.”
“There are milder forms of it in healthier democracies,” Mr. Feaver said, arguing that American presidents have often chafed against the constraints of the federal bureaucracy.
“Nixon shared a similar kind of distrust of the government and felt the government was out to get him at points,” Mr. Feaver added. “President Trump’s view seems to be more on the Nixon part of the spectrum, which is far from the Pakistan part.”
In the United States, it is hardly unusual for dissent among warring factions inside the government to burst into public view. Under former President Ronald Reagan, the secretary of state, George P. Shultz, and the secretary of defense, Caspar W. Weinberger, were often at odds and would feud through dueling news reports.
“Just because you see things like leaks and interference and obstruction doesn’t necessarily mean there’s a deep state — that’s something we’ve seen before, historically, and it’s nothing new,” said James Jay Carafano, a fellow at the Heritage Foundation who advised Mr. Trump’s transition. “What would be different is if there were folks from the previous administration that were consciously orchestrating, in a serious way, inside opposition to the president.”
In the absence of evidence one way or the other, Mr. Carafano added, “It’s hard to know: Is this Trump using some strong political rhetoric, or an actual theory?”



ARTICLE
Ben Carson’s first full week as secretary of Housing and Urban Development got off to a rough start on Monday after he described African slaves as “immigrants” during his first speech to hundreds of assembled department employees. The remark, which came as part of a 40-minute address on the theme of America as “a land of dreams and opportunity,” was met with swift outrage online.
Mr. Carson turned his attention to slavery after describing photographs of poor immigrants displayed at the Ellis Island National Museum of Immigration. These new arrivals worked long hours, six or seven days a week, with little pay, he said. And before them, there were slaves.
“That’s what America is about, a land of dreams and opportunity,’’ he said. “There were other immigrants who came here in the bottom of slave ships, worked even longer, even harder for less. But they too had a dream that one day their sons, daughters, grandsons, granddaughters, great-grandsons, great-granddaughters, might pursue prosperity and happiness in this land.”
The comparison was first reported by USA Today and quickly drew the ire of social media users who attacked the secretary, who is African-American, for what they saw as racially insensitive comments. On Twitter, the comedian and actress Whoopi Goldberg recommended Mr. Carson watch the 1980s mini-series “Roots.”
The Department of Housing and Urban Development was stunned by the uproar and spent part of the afternoon responding to the news media on Twitter. In a statement, it said critics were watching only a short clip from a 30-minute speech and were viewing the remarks in bad faith.
“This is the most cynical interpretation of the secretary’s remarks to an army of welcoming HUD employees,” the department said in a statement. “No one honestly believes he equates voluntary immigration with involuntary servitude!”
A spokesman for the department said Mr. Carson’s speech appeared to cause little upset among the employees who had gathered to hear him speak. Several hundred people attended the event and many lingered afterward to snap selfies with Mr. Carson, who was sworn in last Thursday.
On Monday night, following a radio interview in which he defended his remarks earlier in the day, Mr. Carson also did so on Twitter. “You can be an involuntary immigrant,” he said, adding that “slaves didn’t just give up and die, our ancestors made something of themselves.” He continued, “An immigrant is: ‘a person who comes to live permanently in a foreign country.’”
But later that night, on Facebook, Mr. Carson drew a clear distinction between immmigrants and slavery: “The Immigrants made the choice to come to America. They saw this country as a land of opportunity. In contrast, slaves were forced here against their will and lost all their opportunities. We continue to live with that legacy.”
Mr. Carson’s speech was not the first time that a newly minted Trump official has caused offense with their handling of African-American history.
Mr. Trump himself has described “inner city” neighborhoods as a crime-ridden “hell” in need of a tough police response, a vision of urban life that has been received unfavorably by many minority leaders.
Last week, the new education secretary, Betsy DeVos, caused an uproar by describing historically black colleges and universities — founded because black students were not allowed to attend segregated white schools — as “real pioneers” of school choice.
She later backtracked, saying in a statement that the history of black colleges and universities “was born, not out of mere choice, but out of necessity, in the face of racism, and in the aftermath of the Civil War.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump on Monday morning approved a new travel ban executive order, replacing the one he issued in January that had spawned chaos nationwide and was blocked by federal courts. The new order bars entry of some people from six predominantly Muslim countries — Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen — for 90 days and suspends entry of some refugees for 120 days. But it carves out many exceptions and is less sweeping than the original. The administration hopes that the narrower order will survive court challenges.
Here are some excerpts from the executive order, with comments by The New York Times. The full text of the order is available here.
This is toned down from Mr. Trump’s original order, which invoked the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, even though none of the 19 hijackers were refugees or nationals of the countries targeted by the directive, which had also included Iraq.
During the presidential campaign, Mr. Trump flatly proposed banning Muslims from entering the United States. That evolved into his original order, which permanently barred Syrian refugees and temporarily barred entry of nationals from seven Muslim-majority countries, while prioritizing admission of refugees who are persecuted religious minorities — an exception that many understood to be an implicit reference to welcoming Christians from the Middle East. One of the federal judges who blocked the original order, citing its history and context, ruled that it likely amounted to unconstitutional religious discrimination.
Mr. Trump’s original order blocked Iraqis, too, but his new one left them out. The Pentagon had lobbied the White House to drop Iraq from the list because the backlash was undermining the joint campaign to battle the Islamic State. The new order emphasizes that Iraqis who have battled ISIS have “earned enduring respect.” It also says that since the original order, Iraq has undertaken unspecified steps to improve travel documentation and information sharing.
Obviously, officials screening visa applicants and refugees are already looking for security threats and already gather many types of information for that purpose. The order justifies undertaking this pause so officials can try to think up some additional category of information to ask for while vetting people from troubled countries.
One of the controversies of Mr. Trump’s original order was that it swept too broadly, initially including green-card holders, people who already had valid visas, and refugees whose travel to the United States had already been approved. His new order specifically exempts numerous such categories of travelers. It also includes a potentially huge exception for everyone else: consular officials are empowered to permit new applicants to travel immediately on case by case.
The original order shut down entry by most refugees for 120 days and barred Syrian refugees permanently. The new version is significantly watered down. Syrians are not singled out for a permanent ban, and refugees whose travel has already been approved may still come into the United States without delay. Like the original order, however, the new order caps the number of refugees who may be admitted each year at 50,000, down from 110,000 under President Barack Obama.
Mr. Trump is directing the government to generate a regular cycle of news stories focusing people’s attention on crimes committed by noncitizens.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The Trump administration moved on Friday to sweep away most of the remaining vestiges of Obama administration prosecutors at the Justice Department, ordering 46 holdover United States attorneys to tender their resignations immediately — including Preet Bharara, the United States attorney in Manhattan.
The firings were a surprise — especially for Mr. Bharara, who has a reputation for prosecuting public corruption cases and for investigating insider trading. In November, Mr. Bharara met with then President-elect Donald J. Trump at Trump Tower in Manhattan and told reporters afterward that both Mr. Trump and Jeff Sessions, who is now the attorney general, had asked him about staying on, which the prosecutor said he expected to do.
But on Friday, Mr. Bharara was among federal prosecutors who received a call from Dana Boente, the acting deputy attorney general, instructing him to resign, according to a person familiar with the matter. As of Friday evening, though some of the prosecutors had publicly announced their resignations, Mr. Bharara had not. A spokesman for Mr. Bharara declined to comment.
Sarah Isgur Flores, a Justice Department spokeswoman, said in an email that all remaining holdover United States attorneys had been asked to resign, leaving their deputy United States attorneys, who are career officials, in place in an acting capacity.
“As was the case in prior transitions, many of the United States Attorneys nominated by the previous administration already have left the Department of Justice,” she said in the email. “The Attorney General has now asked the remaining 46 presidentially appointed U.S. Attorneys to tender their resignations in order to ensure a uniform transition.”
The abrupt order came after two weeks of increasing calls from Mr. Trump’s allies outside the government to oust appointees from President Barack Obama’s administration. Mr. Trump has been angered by a series of reports based on leaked information from a sprawling bureaucracy, as well as from his own West Wing.
Several officials said the firings had been planned before Friday.
But the calls from the acting deputy attorney general arose a day after Sean Hannity, the Fox News commentator who is a strong supporter of President Trump, said on his evening show that Mr. Trump needed to “purge” Obama holdovers from the federal government. Mr. Hannity portrayed them as “saboteurs” from the  “deep state” who were leaking secrets to hurt Mr. Trump. It also came the same week that government watchdogs wrote to Mr. Bharara and urged him to investigate whether Mr. Trump had violated the emoluments clause of the Constitution, which bars federal officials from taking payments from foreign governments.
In Mr. Hannity’s monologue, he highlighted the fact that the Clinton administration had told all 93 United States attorneys to resign soon after he took office in 1993, and that “nobody blinked an eye,” but he said it became a scandal when the George W. Bush administration fired several top prosecutors midway through his second term.
Several Democratic members of Congress said they only heard that the United States attorneys from their states were being immediately let go shortly before the Friday afternoon statement from the Justice Department. One senator, speaking on the condition of anonymity to protect the identity of the United States attorney in that state, said that an Obama-appointed prosecutor had been instructed to vacate the office by the end of the day.
Although it was not clear whether all were given the same instructions, that United States attorney was not the only one told to clear out by the close of business. The abrupt nature of the dismissals distinguished Mr. Trump’s mass firing from Mr. Clinton’s, because the prosecutors in 1993 were not summarily told to clear out their offices.
Michael D. McKay, who was the United States attorney in Seattle under the George Bush administration, recalled that even though he had already made plans to leave, he nevertheless stayed on for about three weeks beyond a request by then-Attorney General Janet Reno for all of the holdover prosecutors to resign. He also recalled at least one colleague who was in the midst of a major investigation and was kept on to finish it.
“I’m confident it wasn’t on the same day,” he said, adding: “While there was a wholesale ‘Good to see you, thanks for your service, and now please leave,’ people were kept on on a case-by-case basis depending on the situation.”
Two United States attorneys survived the firings: Mr. Boente, the top prosecutor for the Eastern District of Virginia, who is serving as acting deputy attorney general, and Rod Rosenstein, the top prosecutor in Baltimore, whom Mr. Trump has nominated to be deputy attorney general.
“The president called Dana Boente and Rod Rosenstein tonight to inform them that he has declined to accept their resignation, and they will remain in their current positions,” said Peter Carr, a Justice Department spokesman.
It remains possible that Mr. Trump and Mr. Sessions could put others on that list later.
It is not unusual for a new president to replace United States attorneys appointed by a predecessor, especially when there has been a change in which party controls the White House.
Still, other presidents have done it gradually in order to minimize disruption, giving those asked to resign more time to make the transition while keeping some inherited prosecutors in place, as it had appeared Mr. Trump would do with Mr. Bharara. Mr. Obama, for example, kept Mr. Rosenstein, who had been appointed by George W. Bush.
The abrupt mass firing appeared to be a change in plans for the administration, according to a statement by Senator Dianne Feinstein of California, the top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee.
“In January, I met with Vice President Pence and White House Counsel Donald McGahn and asked specifically whether all U.S. attorneys would be fired at once,” she said. “Mr. McGahn told me that the transition would be done in an orderly fashion to preserve continuity. Clearly this is not the case. I’m very concerned about the effect of this sudden and unexpected decision on federal law enforcement.”
Still, the cases the various federal prosecutors were overseeing will continue, with their career deputies becoming acting United States attorneys in their place for the time being.
Mr. Bharara has been among the highest-profile United States attorneys, with a purview that includes Wall Street and public corruption prosecutions, including of both Democratic and Republican officials and other influential figures.
His office, for example, has prosecuted top police officials in New York and the powerful leader of the city correction officers’ union; they have pleaded not guilty. It is preparing to try a major public corruption case involving former aides and associates of Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo and is looking into allegations of pay-for-play around Mayor Bill de Blasio of New York.
But Mr. Bharara is also closely associated with the Senate minority leader, Senator Chuck Schumer, Democrat of New York. Mr. Bharara was formerly a counsel to Mr. Schumer, who pushed Mr. Obama to nominate Mr. Bharara to be the top federal prosecutor in the Southern District of New York.
At the time of the November meeting at Trump Tower, Mr. Schumer was saying publicly that Democrats should try to find common ground and work with the president-elect. But relations between Mr. Trump and Mr. Schumer have since soured.
Mr. Trump has called Mr. Schumer the Democrats’ “head clown” and accused him of shedding “fake tears” over the president’s efforts to bar refugees from entering the United States.
For his part, Mr. Schumer has called for an independent investigation into contacts between the Trump campaign and the Russian government, and demanded that Mr. Sessions resign for having testified that he had no contacts with Russians even though he had met with the Russian ambassador.
The White House officials ascribed the reversal over Mr. Bharara as emblematic of a chaotic transition process. One official said it was tied to Mr. Trump’s belief in November that he and Mr. Schumer would be able to work together.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The candidate he was advising last fall was running on a platform of America First. The client he was working for last fall was paying him more than $500,000 to put Turkey first.
Michael T. Flynn, who went from the campaign trail to the White House as President Trump’s first national security adviser, filed papers this week acknowledging that he worked as a foreign agent last year representing the interests of the Turkish government in a dispute with the United States.
His surprising admission, coming more than four months after the election, raised further questions about the rise and fall of a presidential confidant who was forced to resign after 24 days in office for withholding the full story of his communications with Russia’s ambassador. Even now, out of government and out of favor, Mr. Flynn and his contact with foreign figures presented a new headache for a White House eager to move on.
Mr. Flynn, a retired Army lieutenant general, registered as a lobbyist last year but did not file papers with the Justice Department registering as a foreign agent, providing a fuller understanding of his role, until Tuesday. While he did not work directly for the Turkish government, the firm that hired him, Inovo, is owned by a Turkish-American businessman with links to leaders in Ankara and asked him to work on an issue important to the government.
The White House said that Mr. Trump did not know that Mr. Flynn was acting as a foreign agent when Mr. Trump appointed him national security adviser, a position that gave him access to classified meetings and materials. But a person briefed on the matter, who insisted on anonymity to describe private conversations, said Mr. Flynn’s lawyer contacted a lawyer for Mr. Trump’s transition team before the inauguration to ask whether Mr. Flynn should register given his work for Inovo.
The transition lawyer offered no advice, saying it was up to Mr. Flynn. After the inauguration, the person said, Mr. Flynn and his lawyer each raised it again with a White House lawyer, only to be told once more it was up to him. Mr. Flynn had no comment on Friday. His lawyer wrote the Justice Department that Mr. Flynn decided to register retroactively “to eliminate any potential doubt.”
The White House said its lawyer considered it a private decision and saw no reason to intervene. “It’s not a question of raising a red flag,” said Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary. “It’s a question of whether or not they gave him the advice that they are supposed to, which is it is not up to them to make decisions as to what you need to do or not do.”
Vice President Mike Pence, who was upset that Mr. Flynn had misled him about the conversation with the Russian ambassador that got him dismissed, seemed less forgiving. News reports on the matter were “the first I heard of it,” the vice president said during an interview on Fox News Thursday night, “and I think it is an affirmation of the president’s decision to ask General Flynn to resign.”
Throughout the campaign, Mr. Flynn positioned himself as someone willing to call out a national security establishment that was too corrupt to keep America safe. When former colleagues criticized him for becoming overtly partisan, he shot back by castigating them for using their titles to enrich themselves by joining corporate boards.
In an interview in October, Mr. Flynn insisted that he had eschewed financial rewards to follow his political convictions and join the Trump campaign. “I would love to be making some money,” he said. “I wish I could stop what I’m doing.”
On behalf of his firm, the Flynn Intel Group, Mr. Flynn signed a contract on Aug. 9 with Inovo, a Dutch firm owned by Ekim Alptekin, the chairman of the Turkish-American Business Council. Mr. Flynn’s firm was to receive $600,000 for 90 days of work. His initial registration as a lobbyist last year indicated he would receive less than $5,000 for lobbying, although that presumably indicates that he did not define most of the services he would provide Mr. Alptekin as lobbying under the law.
Mr. Alptekin has links to the government of Turkey’s president, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, which has engaged in a political crackdown after surviving a military coup attempt in July. In documents disclosed by the anti-secrecy group WikiLeaks, Mr. Alptekin emailed frequently with Egemen Bagis, the former Turkish minister for European Union affairs. In one email in 2013, Mr. Alptekin sent an article from The Wall Street Journal to Mr. Bagis, who then forwarded it to Berat Albayrak, Mr. Erdogan’s son-in-law and now the country’s energy minister.
Mr. Flynn was assigned to investigate Fethullah Gulen, a Turkish cleric who lives in Pennsylvania and was blamed by Mr. Erdogan for helping instigate the failed coup. Mr. Erdogan has demanded the United States extradite Mr. Gulen, which the Obama administration refused to do.
The forms filed this week indicate that Mr. Flynn’s firm was “to perform investigative research” on Mr. Gulen and “develop a short film piece on the results of its investigation.” In the end, the video was never completed, and Mr. Flynn’s firm received $530,000 before the contract terminated in November. But on Election Day, Mr. Flynn published an op-ed article in The Hill, a newspaper serving Congress, calling Mr. Gulen “a shady Islamic mullah” and “radical Islamist.”
“To professionals in the intelligence community, the stamp of terror is all over Mullah Gulen’s statements,” he wrote. “Gulen’s vast global network has all the right markings to fit the description of a dangerous sleeper terror network. From Turkey’s point of view, Washington is harboring Turkey’s Osama bin Laden.”
The forms said Mr. Flynn decided to write the piece “on his own initiative” and not at Inovo’s request, although they said that he shared a draft of it with Inovo before it was published. The Hill appended a note to the online version of the piece after this week’s filing: “Neither General Flynn nor his representatives disclosed this information when the essay was submitted.”
During the course of the work, Mr. Alptekin introduced Mr. Flynn to Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu and Mr. Albayrak, the president’s son-in-law, in New York on Sept. 19, the forms said.
In a letter to the Justice Department this week, Mr. Flynn’s lawyer said that he did not initially register as a foreign agent because the firm that hired him was not a foreign government. But the lawyer, Robert K. Kelner, said Mr. Flynn had decided to register after the fact because “the engagement could be construed to have principally benefited the Republic of Turkey.”
This week, Mr. Alptekin disputed the notion that he hired Mr. Flynn to influence the next president. “When I engaged Flynn Co. polls showed 85% likelihood of Hillary winning,” he wrote on Twitter after the filings. “If intention was to lobby USG I would have hired Podesta like Gulen,” he added, referring to the United States government and Tony Podesta, a prominent Washington lobbyist and brother of John D. Podesta, who was Mrs. Clinton’s campaign chairman.
But the filings this week contradict past assertions by Mr. Alptekin, who told The New York Times in an interview after the November election that the contract with Mr. Flynn was worth “tens of thousands of dollars, not hundreds of thousands of dollars.” In the same interview, he said that Mr. Flynn “never consulted with me” about the op-ed article in The Hill and that he “would have advised against it.”
Mr. Alptekin repeated the latter assertion even after the filings this week. “For the record: nobody remotely linked to the Gov. of Turkey knew about Gen. Flynn’s article in advance and I wasn’t consulted either,” he wrote on Twitter.
Mr. Flynn opened the Flynn Intel Group in October 2014, two months after he was forced out as director of the Defense Intelligence Agency. The business was opaque, making little public, not even an address. When a reporter went looking for it last fall, he tracked it down to an Alexandria, Va., office building operating out of the nondescript headquarters of another firm, called the White Canvas Group.
In the interview in October, Mr. Flynn offered only a vague description of the firm. He said he had clients in Japan and the Middle East and that he worked on cybertraining, aviation operations and energy business.
The firm was shuttered after the election when Mr. Flynn was headed for the White House.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump praised House Republican leaders on Friday for their plan to overhaul the Affordable Care Act, but otherwise kept a conspicuously low profile, with a newfound silent treatment of the news media.
The president’s meeting with House leaders came the day after Anthem, one of the nation’s largest health insurers, offered strong support for the Republican plan, which has been denounced by other providers and which conservatives have vowed to reject.
Mr. Trump has been noticeably less accessible since unleashing a series of Twitter posts last weekend accusing former President Barack Obama of bugging Trump Tower during the campaign. He briefly spoke with reporters in the Roosevelt Room during the meeting with Republican leaders but did not answer questions.
After he was done, a member of his personal security detail began yelling for the small pool of print and broadcast reporters to clear out of the room quickly, according to a pool report, echoing the sometimes heavy-handed approach of Mr. Trump’s team during his campaign rallies.
Mr. Trump thanked the gathering of committee chairmen for their “diligent work to advance the Obamacare repeal and replacement.”
“That’s what people want: They want repeal and replace,” he said.
The president, according to the pool report, “did not seem certain that the House Energy and Commerce Committee on Thursday had approved the House health overhaul plan” but “verified it with Rep. Greg Walden,” an Oregon Republican and chairman of the committee.
“We all remember, ‘You can keep your doctor, you can keep your plan.’ I know, Greg, you’ve never heard that, right?” Mr. Trump said. “It was said many, many times, and it turned out to be not true. This is the time we’re going to get it done.”
White House officials have described the Republican bill as a work in progress that is likely to undergo significant change. Earlier this week, it cleared the Ways and Means and the Energy and Commerce committees after marathon sessions to review it. While it still faces potential opposition from the House’s conservative Freedom Caucus, Republican leaders plan for the bill to reach the House floor later this month..
On Thursday, Anthem chief executive Joseph R. Swedish praised the bill as addressing “the challenges immediately facing the individual market.” He said the proposed legislation “will ensure more affordable health plan choices for consumers in the short term.”
Mr. Swedish, who has previously warned lawmakers that Anthem will exit some or all of the markets where it offers coverage under the law if significant changes are not made, also said “the time to act is now,” because insurers need to set rates beginning next month and decide which, if any, markets they will continue to offer coverage in.
But he was less clear about Anthem’s support for all of the provisions in the plan. “We are thoroughly reviewing and evaluating the legislation further to better understand the changes to both the individual market and the Medicaid program,” he said.
A major sticking point among members of Congress is when to phase out the expansion of Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act. The bill calls for the expansion to be rolled back in 2020, but some conservatives are demanding it be rolled back in 2018. The House majority leader, Representative Kevin McCarthy of California, said on Friday that it would be “very difficult” to speed up the process.
The meeting at the White House came as the president’s staff was celebrating the federal jobs report released on Friday, which covered Mr. Trump’s first full month in office. In February, the economy added a better-than-expected 235,000 jobs, which prompted a renewed round of jubilant posts on Twitter by some on the president’s team.
Dan Scavino Jr., director of the White House social media operation, posted  “235K” on Twitter with an American flag.
The White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, posted, “Great news for American workers.”
During Mr. Obama’s tenure, his aides were chastened by the volatility of the jobs reports during the 2009 recession and the grinding recovery. They were reluctant to celebrate improved reports for fear of alienating the public, which was still dealing with stagnant wages and an uncertain future.
Mr. Trump and his team have been less circumspect. Mr. Trump often questioned the veracity of the Bureau of Labor Statistics reports during the 2016 campaign, when job growth often exceeded 200,000 a month, arguing that the statistics were rigged to make Democrats look better.
Before he was elected, Mr. Trump dismissed the official data as “phony” and “fiction,” while arguing — without evidence — that the unemployment rate was as high as 42 percent.
There was no hint of that skepticism on Friday morning. At 8:41 a.m., less than an hour after the February numbers were posted, Mr. Trump retweeted a Drudge Report headline that read: “GREAT AGAIN +235,000.”
The posts by Mr. Trump and Mr. Spicer may have violated a federal rule barring executive branch employees from publicly commenting on principal economic indicators for at least one hour after the official release time.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Representative Charlie Crist, Democrat of Florida, has had many identities. Governor. Senate candidate. State attorney general. Education commissioner. State legislator. Democrat. Republican. Independent.
Now he has added “congressman” to his résumé, occupying a Capitol Hill office that once belonged to Lyndon B. Johnson and Dick Cheney, after his November election victory in Florida’s 13th District. For a taste of home, he has accessorized with a Tropicana-branded mini-fridge, stocked with orange juice bottles in tidy rows.
Mr. Crist sat down with The New York Times last month to talk compromise, party pressure and one particular campaign memory involving a hot Florida day and the driver of a white pickup truck. This interview has been condensed.
Maybe. I think that rural America had concerns that maybe national Democrats didn’t pick up on, to some degree. You know, concern about safety — of course, all Americans are concerned about safety, but maybe the level of it was heightened.
I’m from a very diverse state, much like California or New York in that way, or even Texas. And when you get into the bread basket of the country, it’s not as diverse. And I think that Republicans capture a lot of that part of the country. But also the president won my state of Florida, and he won my county, and so I think that there’s a lot to be learned from this past election. But I also am cognizant that about three million more people voted for Secretary Clinton than they did for President Trump.
Infrastructure, I think, is a good place. The president has expressed a great interest, and I’m delighted by that. The Senate Democrats have put forward an aggressive plan to pursue infrastructure. It certainly would be helpful to my state that roads and bridges and high-speed rail, hopefully, could be a part of that, provide jobs for a lot of our fellow Americans.
I wish there were. I would hope that climate change could become one, and we’ve seen some comments out of the new cabinet members that indicate maybe they aren’t completely in concert with some of the things that were campaigned on in the fall by the new president and his then campaign, that they’re maybe a little more open-minded about addressing climate change in a responsible way.
I’m encouraged, in fact, by the fact that the [then] president-elect met with Elon Musk, who is a true pioneer, does a lot of great work in my state with SpaceX, so I’m grateful to him for that. If he’s listening to people like Elon Musk, that’s a good thing for the future of America, in my humble opinion.
Not a lot of direct conversation about why they did. But some people confided to me, look, I’m voting for Donald Trump and I’m going to vote for you.
We were putting signs up back in August, and I was personally engaged in that activity because I like physical activity, and we’re using post hole diggers and putting signs up on the side of the road. It was hot as you might expect it to be in Florida, and so I’m drenched and wearing a T-shirt and shorts and sneakers and it’s midday, and all of a sudden this white pickup truck comes pulling off the side of the road where we were putting up the sign. And it was a Caucasian gentleman, probably in his mid-50s and not terribly svelte, if you will, and he gets out of the truck, and it has a Trump sticker on the back. And I’m the Democratic nominee, and I’m thinking, this may not be so good.
And he comes up to me and he goes, Aren’t you Charlie Crist? And I said, Yeah, and he goes, Can I get a picture with you? And I’m like, Yeah, sure. I’m thinking, O.K., this is all turning out all right.
I think it makes a difference. My family has lived in St. Petersburg, Fla., since 1960, since I was 3. My dad practiced medicine there for 55 years as a family doctor. When I was a kid, I used to make house calls with him, and my mom was very active in our community. And so when you have that kind of familiarity, I think it brings with it — if you’re a decent human being — trust and familiarity and comfort. And I think that helps a lot, whether you’re running for Congress or school board.
All of them. Maybe the best was State Senate, because it’s a legislative body, as is the Congress. It gives you insight into the process, how it works and what your role is.
But having been attorney general and governor, in particular, gives you perspective of how a chief executive looks at the legislative branch. Having been a member of it before I got elected governor, I think, gave me that perspective and understanding and appreciation that it’s not a dictatorship. It is a democracy, and all branches of government are very important and to be honored and respected, and the more that you do that, show them favor, the more cooperative people are. It’s just human nature.
I hear all the time around here, boy, the way it used to be 20 years ago. It wasn’t like this. Everybody was jovial, and it was cooperative and fun. And I think that what happened is the process of campaign committees and how they’re structured and how they try to lead and take over the House or the Senate, depending on which side of the Capitol you’re on, brings about some of that tension.
And I’ll give you — not a hypothetical, it’s a true example, but these people remain nameless. People who have been here before me recently, as freshman members, tried to work with members of the other party to do legislation together. At one point, the other member eventually said, I have to come off your bill. And the question was, Well, why do you have to do that? And I think both took each other pretty much in their confidence and said, Well, if I don’t get off the bill, they’re not going to fund me in my next race and they might put somebody up against me in a primary.
Now when it’s gotten to that point, then the system as it were makes it very difficult for people to work together. So you have to find people that are pretty strong to be willing to work with you across the aisle and be able to stand up to that.
I don’t want to lay blame on them. They’re doing their job. Let’s be honest, both parties would like to be in the majority. Understandable. Laudable. God bless them. They’re doing what they need to do to try to succeed.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Attorney General Jeff Sessions said on Thursday that he would advise President Trump to send newly captured terrorism suspects to the wartime prison at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba, which he called “a very fine place,” rather than to bring them to civilian court for prosecution by the Justice Department he now runs.
“There’s plenty of space,” Mr. Sessions said of the prison. “We are well equipped for it. It’s a perfect place for it. Eventually, this will be decided by the military rather than the Justice Department. But I see no legal problem whatsoever with doing that.”
As a senator, Mr. Sessions was a critic of former President Barack Obama’s efforts to close the prison and his refusal to bring any new captives to it. But Mr. Sessions’s remarks, in an interview with the conservative talk radio host Hugh Hewitt, were his first extensive public comments on the topic since becoming attorney general last month.
Mr. Hewitt did not raise the question of whether the United States would seek to take custody of Abu Khaybar, who is suspected of being a Qaeda militant and was captured last fall in Yemen by another country, nor what should happen to terrorism suspects who are American citizens. Mr. Trump said during the campaign that he was “fine” with sending Americans to Guantánamo.
But Mr. Hewitt brought up the troubles of the military commissions system operating at Guantánamo, in which the death penalty case against Khalid Shaikh Mohammed and four others accused of conspiring in the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks has been mired in years of pretrial hearings with no actual trial yet in sight.
Mr. Hewitt observed that the commissions system “is not getting them to trial” and called it “kind of a scandal that no one has faced justice 15 years later.” He asked Mr. Sessions whether he expected to accelerate the process.
Mr. Sessions told Mr. Hewitt that he had asked a “good question.” And while the attorney general reiterated his support for the idea of military prosecutions of Qaeda members, he also said it was time to think through “to what extent we’re going to use military commissions.”
“We’ve got to get the military on board,” Mr. Sessions said. “By now, we should have worked through all the legal complications that the Obama administration seemed to allow to linger and never get decided, so nothing ever happened. So it is time for us in the months to come to get this thing figured out and start using it in an effective way.”
Mr. Sessions did not explain what he thought the military had done wrong, nor what he was suggesting as an alternative. But he pointed out that there is no need to prosecute anyone at Guantánamo in the sense that the detainees can be held in open-ended detention without trial while the war continues.
And he spoke disparagingly of transferring the Sept. 11 case to civilian court, which the Obama administration wanted to do before Congress barred transferring detainees onto domestic soil for prosecution.
“In general, I don’t think we’re better off bringing these people to federal court in New York and trying them in federal court where they get discovery rights to find out our intelligence, and get court-appointed lawyers and things of that nature,” he said.
The two factors Mr. Sessions identified are not unique to civilian trials. The commissions system’s rules for discovery of intelligence are modeled after civilian courts’ rules, which are set by the Classified Information Procedures Act. And defendants in the military commissions system get government-provided defense lawyers, too.
Mr. Sessions’s interview came in a week in which the Trump White House twice put forth false information about Guantánamo.
On Tuesday, Mr. Trump falsely said on Twitter that “122 vicious prisoners, released by the Obama Administration from Gitmo, have returned to the battlefield.” But 113 of the 121 former detainees deemed to be “confirmed” recidivists by the intelligence community were transferred under the Bush administration.
At a briefing on Wednesday, the White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, acknowledged that Mr. Trump had gotten that wrong, but then falsely said that “most” releases under former President George W. Bush were “court-ordered.” But habeas corpus rulings accounted for only three of the 532 ex-detainees transferred by the Bush administration.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — It is a golden age for golf — at least as far as the Trump Organization is concerned.
On Memorial Day weekend, the Senior P.G.A. Championship will be held at the Trump National Golf Club in suburban Washington. In July, the company’s course in Bedminster, N.J., is hosting another major event, the United States Women’s Open. The company is also bidding to host the Scottish Open or a half-dozen other possible professional tournaments at courses it owns in spots around the world from Miami to Dubai.
“The stars have all aligned,” Eric Trump, who as executive vice president of the Trump Organization oversees all its golf properties, said on Thursday morning, while sipping an iced tea at the restaurant inside the Trump International Hotel before appearing at a promotional event for the Memorial Day tournament. “I think our brand is the hottest it has ever been.”
What he did not mention at the news conference, while the cameras were rolling, is the product placement of incalculable value that is helping boost the Trump Organization’s golf courses: his father.
President Trump has given the family’s global inventory of golf courses — 15 that it owns, one that it manages in Dubai and three others under construction — a new level of international attention. He has returned to his home at Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach, Fla., for four out of the last five weekends in office to play golf at two of his nearby courses, including rounds with the prime minister of Japan. Before he was sworn in, Mr. Trump spent days interviewing potential cabinet members at his Bedminster course. In total, Mr. Trump has played golf at least seven times since he was inaugurated — each time at his family’s own courses.
Mr. Trump is certainly not the first golfer in the White House — 16 of the last 19 presidents have been golfers, including Barack Obama, who played 333 rounds of golf, according to a count by Mark Knoller, a CBS News reporter who maintains such data. But Mr. Obama’s most frequent golf venue was Joint Base Andrews, not a collection of golf courses he owns, where membership initiation fees hit as high as $250,000.
It is “synergy” to be sure, for the Trump family and its golf enterprise. Eric Trump says the company has invested more than $1 billion in the golf course business since 2005 and has seen a recent surge in revenue because of the continued rising fortunes on Wall Street, which is always good for this high-end game, as well as the unprecedented attention that the brand is receiving.
But to some, it sounds like a serious conflict of interest. Mr. Trump owns the resorts, and critics say he should not be using the Oval Office as a global advertising platform for his businesses. While Golf Digest has called the president “Golfer in Chief,” these critics say he may be more appropriately called “Marketer in Chief” for Trump golf properties.
“You might call it corruption-tinged synergy,” said Robert Weissman, president of Public Citizen, a liberal nonprofit group. “It is yet another effort by the family business to cash in on the presidency.”
Eric Trump defended the overlap, saying it was nothing unusual. “Bush arguably brought name recognition to Crawford, Texas,” Eric Trump said on Thursday, noting that George W. Bush had a ranch there that he frequented. But when pressed — Mr. Bush derived no commercial benefit from his ties to Crawford — Eric Trump then offered a different defense.
“The American people elected a businessman,” he said, adding that to his father the golf courses are “his home” and the fact that they are for-profit enterprises is secondary.
But the overlap is already drawing protests, including from environmental groups, which are angry that one of the first acts Mr. Trump took as president was to move to repeal a landmark Environmental Protection Agency rule — hated by the golfing industry — that is intended to protect drinking water supplies. “A devastating economic impact on the golf course industry,” the Golf Course Superintendents Association of America argued, as it urged members to help push to kill the rule.
Even women’s rights and immigrant rights groups are rallying, including one called Wall of Us, which is calling on the Ladies Professional Golf Association to demand that United States Golf Association move the U.S. Women’s Open tournament scheduled for July, given the president’s past comments that many considered insulting to women.
For Mr. Trump, who ridiculed Mr. Obama for playing too much golf when he was in office, the sport is more than a pastime; it is potentially good for his business. And he has been noisily and passionately promoting his golf properties in every corner of the typically staid golf community for more than a decade.
In 2022, Bedminster is scheduled to host one of golf’s most prestigious men’s major championships, and he has forcefully — and so far unsuccessfully — lobbied the sport’s foremost national governing body, the United States Golf Association, to award its most prized tournament, the United States Open, to a Trump golf course.
As early as 2001 he began buying golf courses, and snapped up several in the years after the financial crisis. He typically buys clubs and then spends millions renovating them — and then defies golf conventions.
For example, many of golf’s most distinguished courses are understated and highlight natural elements of topography, but the Trump golf properties often showcase grandiose artificial features like waterfalls, soaring fountains and sculpted rock formations. None of Mr. Trump’s courses made Golf Digest’s 2016/2017 list of top 100 golf courses.
At the same time, several golf courses in the Trump catalog have commanded respect for their impressive layouts and substantial challenges, and because they are routinely in spectacular condition. A few have climbed into annual rankings of top 100 courses nationally or worldwide.
Mr. Trump has for years been the chief promoter of his golf empire. His face, and adept golf swing, have graced the cover of countless golf publications. Until last year, Mr. Trump regularly beseeched prominent golf writers and the editors of top golf magazines to play with him at his courses, offering to whisk them off on his private jet to Scotland.
Though Mr. Trump has said the company’s golf resorts have been a roaring financial success, running golf courses is not easy, and an economic downturn or even a rainy summer can hurt the bottom line.
It is impossible to know how much money Mr. Trump’s courses actually make. The Trump Organization is privately held and it has not released any detailed financial information on them. Mr. Trump has not released his tax returns, which would also shed light on the courses’ profitability.
What little information has been released does not paint a full picture. Take Mr. Trump’s resort in Doral, Fla., which he bought in 2011 with financing from Deutsche Bank. On the financial disclosure forms he was required to file as part of his bid for the presidency, he said that course had revenues of more than $50 million in 2014.
The course’s profits were not listed, but Mr. Trump’s lawyers disclosed in a 2016 court case that after paying operating costs, the resort had actually lost $2.4 million that year.
Long before Mr. Trump was mixing golf and politics, he was well known for doing business on the links.
Mr. Trump brought up one such game at a meeting last month of top corporate executives, pressing Jeffrey R. Immelt, chief executive of General Electric, to share a story about a game they played years ago at one of Mr. Trump’s courses.
“Jeff actually watched me make a hole in one; can you believe that?” Mr. Trump said at the White House meeting, adding, “I was the best golfer of all the rich people.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump showed an affinity for “working the referees” in his race to the White House, criticizing a federal judge as biased, panning polls as rigged and even questioning the aptitude of the nation’s intelligence agencies.
Now, with Mr. Trump’s administration aggressively pitching the House Republican plan to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, Capitol Hill’s official scorekeeper — the Congressional Budget Office — is coming under intense fire. As it prepares to render its judgment on the cost and impact of the bill, the nonpartisan agency of economists and statisticians has become a political piñata — and the latest example of Mr. Trump’s team casting doubt on benchmarks accepted as trustworthy for decades.
“If you’re looking to the C.B.O. for accuracy, you’re looking in the wrong place,” Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said on Wednesday, arguing that the agency’s failure to accurately project enrollment in the Affordable Care Act’s online marketplaces had essentially killed its credibility.
Mr. Spicer’s criticism echoed that of some House Republicans who raised questions this week about the C.B.O.’s record.
The reason for their umbrage is clear: The C.B.O.’s official judgment on the American Health Care Act, as the Republican legislation is known, is expected to be released on Monday and it is more than an intellectual exercise. It could make or break the bill.
Budget rules that Republicans are using to bypass a possible Democratic filibuster in the Senate stipulate that the health care legislation must not add to deficits over the span of a decade. If the C.B.O. predicts that it would, Senate Democrats could block the bill. More broadly, a judgment by the C.B.O. that the Republican plan would strip health care from millions of people could have politically disastrous effects.
Analysts at the Brookings Institution said last Friday that the plan could increase the ranks of the uninsured by more than 15 million — and said the C.B.O. estimate might put that figure considerably higher.
Created by Congress in 1974, the agency provides forecasts that are the foundation of the budget process. The White House’s attack has sparked a fierce backlash among economists, former C.B.O. directors and some lawmakers who see its disparagement as a sign that longstanding legislative traditions are eroding.
The criticism comes after Mr. Trump has expressed skepticism about the validity of unemployment figures from the Bureau of Labor Statistics and amid reports that his economic team has plans to manipulate the calculation of trade data.
To critics of Mr. Trump who say he is in the business of fudging numbers to fit his economic narrative, the jabs at the C.B.O. are particularly worrisome.
“It is a valuable resource for Congress that both parties need,” said Alice M. Rivlin, the agency’s founding director. “Undermining the credibility of C.B.O. when policy makers need it most harms Congress’ ability to do its job and the long-run effectiveness of both political parties.”
But the C.B.O.’s mandate is not ironclad.
Douglas Holtz-Eakin, a conservative economist who led the C.B.O. from 2003 to 2005, also defended its credibility, but he noted that Congress remained the ultimate arbiter if it so chose. While it rarely happens, the Senate Budget Committee could decide to make its own determination about the bill’s economic effects.
“In the end, C.B.O. scores are ultimately advisory,” he said.
Lawmakers have not mused publicly about such a move, which would probably set off a political firestorm. According to Steve Bell, a former Senate Budget Committee staff director in the 1980s, ignoring C.B.O. forecasts for the health bill would dampen hopes for major legislation on taxes or infrastructure because the public would no longer be able to believe government estimates about the cost of such programs.
“Down that path lies serious corruption,” said Mr. Bell, who now works at the Bipartisan Policy Center.
For its part, the C.B.O. has tried to stay above the fray.
After Newt Gingrich, the former House Speaker and an adviser to Mr. Trump, said this year that the C.B.O. was a “left-wing, corrupt, bureaucratic defender of big government and liberalism,” Keith Hall, its Republican-appointed director, defended its work.
“We try very, very hard to be independent and nonpartisan,” he said at a news briefing in January.
Analysts contend that the C.B.O.’s forecasts for the Affordable Care Act were mixed and that the health law was a challenge because it was such a moving target. A 2015 report by the Commonwealth Fund, which supports health policy research, found that the C.B.O. had overestimated insurance-marketplace enrollment and marketplace costs by about 30 percent and had underestimated Medicaid enrollment by 14 percent.
The missed mark for marketplace enrollments, the report said, stemmed largely from a miscalculation that many employers would drop employee-provided health care and send workers to Affordable Care Act exchanges. They mostly did not.
“The C.B.O.’s projections were closer to realized experience than were those of many other prominent forecasters,” the report concluded.
In response to questions from Congress last week about its record as a forecaster, the C.B.O. said the cost to the federal government of the Affordable Care Act’s insurance-coverage provisions had actually proved to be lower than the agency projected. That was probably because of lower-than-expected enrollment and a slowdown in the growth of health care costs, the C.B.O. said.
Some Senate Republicans argued that the agency’s figures should be heeded.
“What matters in the long run is better, more affordable health care for Americans, not House leaders’ arbitrary legislative calendar,” Senator Tom Cotton of Arkansas said in a post on Twitter in which he questioned why the House was considering the bill when the C.B.O. had not scored it.
For their part, Democrats appeared to relish the irony of Republicans assailing an agency whose work they have embraced when it suited their political arguments. That Republicans had appointed Mr. Hall to his post did not go unnoticed.
“I have no idea what the C.B.O. report will say, but I find it amusing that the right-wing Trump administration would try to cast doubt about the integrity of that report when it was the right-wing Republicans who handpicked its director,” said Senator Bernie Sanders, an independent from Vermont.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — If Dan Coats, President Trump’s nominee to serve as the director of national intelligence, had any illusions about what he was getting into, the past seven weeks have certainly made clear the challenges he will face in a job created after the Sept. 11 attacks to coordinate the activities of the entire intelligence community.
Mr. Coats, 73, a former senator from Indiana, has already had to fend off a move by Stephen K. Bannon, Mr. Trump’s chief strategist, and Jared Kushner, the president’s son-in-law, to bring in a New York private equity billionaire to run a White House review of the intelligence community — a plan that Mr. Coats and many senior intelligence officials saw as a White House attempt to curtail their independence and reduce the flow of information that contradicts the president’s worldview.
Once confirmed — the Senate intelligence committee voted on Thursday to send his nomination to the full Senate — Mr. Coats will face a far trickier political balancing act. He will be overseeing the same intelligence agencies that are examining Russia’s meddling in the election and possible ties between the Trump campaign and Moscow, while also trying to assuage Mr. Trump’s deep distrust of the nation’s spies.
It “is an extraordinarily difficult job, particularly in the current environment,” said Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine and a member of the intelligence committee. But she said she was confident that Mr. Coats would know how to manage the Trump White House.
“He does not fight his battles on the front page of the newspaper,” Ms. Collins said. “He works quietly, but extremely effectively, and he’s persistent and he’s unafraid.”
“Also, he has nothing to lose,” she added. “He was prepared to retire. They need him.”
At his confirmation hearing last week, Mr. Coats signaled that he would push forward with the intelligence community’s own inquiry into Russian meddling, and would cooperate with separate Senate and House investigations.
“I think it’s our responsibility to provide you access to all that you need,” he said.
He added that Russian meddling “needs to be investigated.”
But how much influence Mr. Coats will have in his job remains an open question. He was not part of the Trump campaign — his tie to the administration is through Vice President Mike Pence, the former governor of Indiana — and it appears that at least some of Mr. Trump’s closest advisers would prefer to have a reliable ally overseeing the intelligence community.
Until last week, the White House was weighing a plan to bring in Stephen A. Feinberg, a co-founder of Cerberus Capital Management and a friend of Mr. Bannon and Mr. Kushner, to lead a White House review of the intelligence community.
Stiff resistance from Mr. Coats and Mike Pompeo, the director of the Central Intelligence Agency — aided by pushback from allies in the Senate and even Mr. Pence — appears to have derailed the plan. Mr. Feinberg is now in discussions with administration officials to take on a still-undetermined role in defense, rather than intelligence, according to several people familiar with the matter.
But Mr. Coats had little time to savor that triumph before Mr. Trump posted a series of Twitter messages early Saturday morning accusing former President Barack Obama, without any evidence, of “wire tapping” him during the 2016 presidential campaign.
Mr. Trump’s accusation was denied by a spokesman for Mr. Obama and by James R. Clapper Jr., the former director of national intelligence. The F.B.I. director, James B. Comey, unsuccessfully pressed the Justice Department to issue a denial.
The White House has backed away from the allegations, but they add up to yet another issue complicating Mr. Coats’s new job.
“He is going to have to work restore morale within the intelligence community,” Senator Collins said adding that “He truly has a deep appreciation for the role that the men and women of the intelligence community play.”
Still, Mr. Coats comes to the agency with less experience in intelligence matters than any previous national intelligence director. He served as a congressman from Indiana before retiring from politics in 1998 after it became apparent that he would probably lose his re-election race.
After working as a lobbyist, Mr. Coats was appointed ambassador to Germany by President George W. Bush, who also considered him for secretary of defense.
He resigned as ambassador in 2005 and then returned to lobbying, joining the firm of King & Spalding, where he earned more than $600,000 a year and did work directly related to the intelligence community.
He represented Sprint, the telecommunications firm, when the Bush administration was pushing Congress to expand the government’s surveillance powers under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, The Associated Press reported this year. As part of the legislation, Sprint and other telecommunication companies won legal immunity against lawsuits for their collaboration with the National Security Agency on its warrantless wiretapping program, which had been secretly approved by President Bush after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.
In 2010, Mr. Coats ran again for his old Senate seat. He defeated the man who had replaced him 12 years earlier, Evan Bayh, serving one term before retiring again in 2016. In November, Mr. Trump appointed him to the national intelligence job.
While waiting to be confirmed, Mr. Coats has had to contend with the possibility of being usurped by Mr. Feinberg even before taking up the new job.
Mr. Coats saw Mr. Feinberg’s potential appointment as an effort by Mr. Bannon and Mr. Kushner to undercut him, according to current and former officials. He believed Mr. Feinberg’s review would interfere with his ability to fulfill his role coordinating activities of the intelligence community.
Intelligence officials also feared that Mr. Feinberg’s review would merely be a steppingstone before he was placed into one of the top positions in the intelligence community. Mr. Bannon and Mr. Kushner also reportedly considered him for either director of national intelligence or chief of the C.I.A.’s clandestine service, a role normally reserved for career intelligence officers.
Mr. Trump was apparently unaware of the fierce resistance within the intelligence community to the proposal until the planned appointment was reported last month. Sen. Richard Burr, the powerful chairman of the Senate intelligence committee, was also not aware of the proposal until then, officials said.
Faced with opposition to the plan, Mr. Trump played down the possibility of the appointment when asked about it at a lengthy news conference on Feb. 16. Mr. Trump said that Mr. Feinberg was “a very talented man, very successful man” but that he was not needed at this time “because of the fact that, you know, I think that we are going to be able to straighten it out very easily on its own.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump’s spokesman on Wednesday deflected concerns that a bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act had yet to be scored by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office by questioning the agency’s track record.
“If you’re looking at the C.B.O. for accuracy, you’re looking in the wrong place,” Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said. “I mean, they were way, way off the last time in every aspect of how they scored and projected Obamacare.”
“If you look at the number of people that they projected that would be on Obamacare, they are off by millions,” he added. “But, the idea that that is any kind of authority based on the track record that occurred last time is a little far-fetched.”
Mr. Spicer has a point that the C.B.O.’s projections for how many people would gain insurance under the health law were “off by millions.” But imprecision in Affordable Care Act projections does not give an accurate impression of the C.B.O.’s overall track record.
The agency, created in 1974, released its analysis of the completed version of the health care law in March 2010. It estimated 21 million people would be enrolled in public marketplaces by 2016. The year ended with 11.5 million enrollees.
But according to a 2015 report from the Commonwealth Fund, a health care research group, the C.B.O.’s projections for the Affordable Care Act were more in line with what actually happened than four other prominent analyses from 2010.
“Nobody always gets this stuff right,” said Sherry Glied, a health policy expert and the primary author of the report. “But if you believe it’s possible to make an assessment, they’re the best at that.”
The C.B.O. also updates its figures to reflect new policies and economic conditions. The number of employers dropping coverage and pushing employees to public exchanges was far fewer than the C.B.O. anticipated, leading the agency to reduce its enrollment estimate from 21 million to 13 million in January 2016.
Forecasts are difficult, but outside of the health care law, the C.B.O.’s projections have landed closer to reality.
For example, the C.B.O. estimated that the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act would cost $106 billion at the end of fiscal year 2009, 1 percent lower than the actual cost of $108 billion. And its prediction for the recovery act’s impact on the federal deficit, an increase of $4.7 billion by the end of the 2015 fiscal year, was also near the actual impact of $5 billion.
In the C.B.O.’s assessment of its own accuracy, the agency says it has overestimated revenue by an average of 1.1 percent for two-year projections and by 5.3 percent for six-year projections since 1982.
Similarly, the C.B.O. concluded that its economic forecasts of the past four decades “have been comparable in quality to those of the administration and the Blue Chip consensus,” which aggregates analyses from the private sector.
Independent analysis of the C.B.O.’s forecasting tends to be even more generous, concluding it is not biased (though perhaps optimistic) and citing the agency as the most accurate of federal analysts.
Complaining about the referee is not a new tactic, and while the C.B.O. is certainly no stranger to criticism, it has retained a reputation for objectivity.
“All projections about the future are wrong. To me, the question isn’t about accuracy, it’s about bias. The C.B.O.’s role is to try to offer unbiased estimates,” said Philip Joyce, a professor of public policy at the University of Maryland and the author of “The Congressional Budget Office: Honest Numbers, Power, and Policymaking.”
After all, Mr. Joyce said, the C.B.O.’s past imprecision does not mean that its projections of the Obamacare repeal bill will be less accurate than analysis from the administration or its supporters.
Before the C.B.O. existed, estimates of the impact of legislation came from those trying to sell it, but the agency’s creation has instilled a culture of fairness in government forecasting. When political appointees attempt to sway the Office of Management and Budget toward more favorable analyses, career officials would hold up the C.B.O. as a deterrent, according to Mr. Joyce.
Of course, that has not stopped politicians from impugning the agency when it produces an unfavorable projection. When the C.B.O. questioned the Reagan administration’s analysis of its tax cuts, President Ronald Reagan hit back, calling the agency’s numbers “phony.” On the other side, Republicans seized upon the C.B.O. analysis of President Clinton’s health care plan that led to its ultimate demise in Congress.
“It’s a bipartisan wet blanket,” Ms. Glied said.
Mr. Spicer himself has cited the C.B.O. throughout the years, sometimes characterizing it as a neutral arbiter.
What is unusual about Mr. Spicer’s criticism, said Mr. Joyce, is that it came before the C.B.O. had wrapped up its analysis. The pre-emptive strike suggests the administration does not anticipate a rosy forecast.
For a president who has cast doubt on the official unemployment numbers and claims without evidence that his predecessor spied on him, this is perhaps particularly concerning.
“We desperately need neutral truth-tellers and fair scorekeepers. C.B.O. is one that we have,” said Maya MacGuineas, president of the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget. “People shouldn’t mess with C.B.O.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump’s weekend Twitter message asserting that former President Barack Obama had tapped his phones forced the White House into ever more verbal contortions on Thursday as aides struggled to defend the president’s charge.
In the latest iteration, the Justice Department declined to comment on whether Mr. Trump is — or is not — the subject of an investigation. “No comment,” a department official said.
In normal circumstances, a “no comment” from the Justice Department on the status of any investigation would be standard practice. And certainly there has never been any indication that Mr. Trump himself was the target of inquiries by the department and congressional intelligence committees into possible contacts between his associates and members of the Russian government.
But by venting his ire against Mr. Obama in a series of Twitter messages at dawn on Saturday, Mr. Trump awkwardly raised that possibility himself, since any wiretapping could have been the direct result of an investigation targeting him. One presidential tweet in particular — “how low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process” — clearly portrayed Mr. Trump as the victim of surveillance.
Thursday’s verbal gymnastics actually started on Wednesday when Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, insisted to reporters that the president is not the target of a counterintelligence investigation involving contacts with Russia. He said, flatly, that “there is no reason to believe there is any type of investigation with respect to the Department of Justice.”
That prompted Thursday’s comments from a Justice Department official, who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the case. The official said that Mr. Spicer had not relied on any information from the department in denying the existence of an investigation targeting the president.
Which led a few hours later to an about-face by Mr. Spicer, who was asked how he knew, definitively, that the president was not a target. Mr. Spicer conceded that the White House does not know whether the Justice Department has targeted the president in a Russia-related investigation.
“I said I’m not aware and we’re not aware and that’s why we want the House and Senate to do what the president has asked of them, to look into this,” Mr. Spicer said. “But no, we’re not aware.”
When reporters asked him to reconcile the difference between his statements, Mr. Spicer insisted that there was none.
“Right, I mean I don’t know that they’re not interchangeable,” Mr. Spicer told reporters. “I’m not aware, I don’t believe. Look up in a thesaurus and find some other ways, but I don’t know that there’s a distinction there that’s noteworthy. But we’re not aware, I don’t believe that that exists.”
In his tweets, Mr. Trump appeared to be lashing out at what he views as a politically motivated effort to uncover the facts about Russia’s activities in the presidential election, including contacts between people linked to his campaign and Russian officials.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation is conducting a wide-ranging counterintelligence investigation into Russian campaign interference, and into the question of whether anyone in the Trump administration may have had knowledge of it.
While investigators have found multiple contacts between Russia and people involved in the Trump campaign, no clear evidence of collusion has emerged publicly. But the White House’s frequent denials of any contact — followed by its public reversals — have only fueled questions in Congress and elsewhere.
Committees in both the Senate and the House are examining Russia’s election-meddling and possible ties to the Trump campaign, but House Democrats pushed Thursday to go further. They introduced a bill — almost certain to die in the face of Republican opposition — requiring the Trump administration to turn over all documents on Russian campaign contacts.
“There must be a full accounting of any and all ties between Russia, President Trump, his administration and his associates,” said Representative Ted Lieu of California, one of the Democratic sponsors.
After Mr. Trump’s Twitter messages on Saturday morning alleging wiretapping, a spokesman for Mr. Obama vigorously denied the charge, saying in a statement that any suggestion that the former president ordered wiretaps on an American are “simply false.”
James B. Comey, the F.B.I. director, urged counterparts at the Justice Department to publicly refute Mr. Trump’s charge, officials said. Department officials have declined to do so, and Mr. Comey has remained silent on the issue publicly.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has recused himself from investigations involving Mr. Trump’s campaign after it was disclosed he met twice with the Russian ambassador. The man who would oversee any such investigations, Rod J. Rosenstein, is still awaiting Senate confirmation as deputy attorney general.
At a confirmation hearing on Tuesday, Mr. Rosenstein repeatedly declined to say whether he would appoint a special counsel to handle the Russia investigation.
“I am simply not in a position to answer the question because I don’t know the information,” he said.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The early days of the Trump administration have turned Washington into a land of leaks, with a national security adviser’s telephone calls, raw intelligence dossiers and confidential C.I.A. surveillance schemes spilling into the public. But the holy grail of leaks remains elusive: President Trump’s tax returns.
As taxpayers scramble to file their own returns and Republicans push to overhaul the tax code, attention has shifted back to Mr. Trump’s taxes and how he could benefit from the sweeping legislation he hopes to sign. Looking for the ultimate leak, opponents of Mr. Trump have wondered aloud how it could be that top intelligence agencies are suddenly fonts of classified information while the staid tax collector remains hermetically sealed.
“The American people deserve to know what conflicts of interest are hiding in Trump’s taxes,” said Delvone Michael, a member of the Tax March executive committee, which is organizing a mass demonstration to call for the release of the tax returns next month. “Every president in a generation has released his taxes. Trump must too.”
Mr. Trump broke with 40 years of tradition as a presidential candidate, declining to make his tax information public on the grounds that he was undergoing an I.R.S. audit. The government has made clear that is, in fact, no impediment to release, but since corporations like the Trump Organization are audited constantly, the excuse will not disappear, and he is not expected ever to release his returns willingly.
So how might Mr. Trump’s returns come to light?
If you’re thinking about a rogue I.R.S. agent or Russian cybertheft, don’t count on it.
After one of Mr. Trump’s advisers said in January that he had no intention of ever releasing his returns, WikiLeaks accused him of breaching a campaign promise and called for leakers to send the filings its way for publication. Similar calls bubbled up last week when The New York Times reported that Mr. Trump hopes to sharply cut the funding of the I.R.S., and critics on social media urged people inside the agency to take revenge by distributing his records.
It wouldn’t be easy. In 1973, an I.R.S. employee leaked private information from former President Richard M. Nixon’s taxes, resulting in a scandal that compelled him to declare, “I am not a crook.” Since then, the agency has taken rigid precautions to keep its data secure. Unauthorized disclosures come with steep penalties, including a prison sentence of up to five years and a $5,000 fine.
“I think an I.R.S. leak is extremely unlikely,” said Fred Goldberg, who served as I.R.S. commissioner from 1989 to 1992. “It’s a combination of the culture, the legal framework, the logistics and the risks.”
Although the I.R.S. has nearly 80,000 employees, the agency uses strict safeguards when it comes to privacy. The number of people with access to returns is limited, and improper browsing of taxpayer files is automatically flagged.
Hard copies of presidential returns historically have been kept in a safe outside of the commissioner’s office, tax experts say. Returns of celebrities are protected even more carefully than those of regular taxpayers.
“I would never say never, because it has happened in the past,” said Lawrence B. Gibbs, another former I.R.S. commissioner who was its chief counsel when Mr. Nixon’s tax information was made public. “But people are probably going to have to look elsewhere than the I.R.S. for the president’s tax returns if that’s what they want.”
A breach of the I.R.S. is another possibility, and the release this week of a trove of C.I.A. data shows that even the most tightly guarded corners of the government are vulnerable. Thin resources are also a problem, but since a 2015 hack of I.R.S. data using false identities, the agency has been working to bolster its defenses.
Jeffrey Greene, senior director for global government affairs and policy at the cybersecurity firm Symantec, said that the agency appears to have strengthened its computer systems since the theft two years ago, noting that Mr. Trump’s returns remained secure during the presidential campaign.
“Just the simple fact that those returns were never stolen or leaked over the past year speaks to the level of security on them,” said Mr. Greene, whose company works with the I.R.S.
Democratic lawmakers lately have been playing the national security card, clinging to the notion that congressional investigations into Mr. Trump’s ties with Russia will be the key. Twice this month they have forced votes to demand the returns’ release, but Republicans have closed ranks around the president.
“Fully investigating Trump associates’ ties to Russia must include allowing both Democrats and Republicans on the Finance Committee to privately review Mr. Trump’s returns,” Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon, the ranking Democrat on the committee, said earlier this week before his proposal was swiftly rejected by Republicans.
The next best hope is the coming wave of “emoluments” lawsuits that allege Mr. Trump is in violation of the Constitution because his business operations accept payments from foreign governments. A lawsuit that was filed in January by the liberal watchdog group Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington seeks to stop Mr. Trump’s businesses from accepting such payments. If the case moves forward, Mr. Trump’s tax returns could be extracted in the discovery process.
“I think that certainly in our emoluments case they will be germane to establish the foreign cash and relationships and other benefits,” said Norman L. Eisen, an Obama administration ethics lawyer who is on the legal team that filed the lawsuit. “Should we make it to discovery, we’ll seek them.”
If the court system seems too cumbersome, there are potential targets beyond the I.R.S. Mr. Trump’s lawyers and accountants who keep copies of his returns could also be vulnerable to hacking. And the White House and Trump Tower, where copies of Mr. Trump’s files could potentially be stored, have also proved susceptible to leaks.
Thus far, the most significant window into Mr. Trump’s taxes came from a portion of his 1995 returns that was sent anonymously to the The New York Times last October. That showed that he could have used tax loopholes to avoid paying federal income taxes for up to 18 years.
The Trump administration’s rush to rewrite the tax code by August will probably amplify the cry for more information about Mr. Trump’s taxes. Whatever plan he decides to ultimately support will raise new questions about how he might benefit from an array of new incentives.
“There are a number of tax proposals that would benefit him on a personal level,” said David Herzig, a tax expert at Valparaiso University School of Law, who pointed to a potential estate tax repeal and lower individual tax rates for the rich. “There are many dimensions to tax reform, but the constant is that the proposed modifications help people that have similar investment profiles as President Trump.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Scott Pruitt, the head of the Environmental Protection Agency, said on Thursday that carbon dioxide was not a primary contributor to global warming, a statement at odds with the established scientific consensus on climate change.
Asked his views on the role of carbon dioxide, the heat-trapping gas produced by burning fossil fuels, in increasing global warming, Mr. Pruitt said on CNBC’s “Squawk Box” that “I think that measuring with precision human activity on the climate is something very challenging to do and there’s tremendous disagreement about the degree of impact, so, no, I would not agree that it’s a primary contributor to the global warming that we see.”
“But we don’t know that yet,” he added. “We need to continue the debate and continue the review and the analysis.”
Mr. Pruitt’s statement contradicts decades of research and analysis by international scientific institutions and federal agencies, including the E.P.A. His remarks on Thursday, which were more categorical than similar testimony before the Senate, may also put him in conflict with laws and regulations that the E.P.A. is charged with enforcing.
His statements appear to signal that the Trump administration intends not only to roll back President Barack Obama’s climate change policies, but also to wage a vigorous attack on their underlying legal and scientific basis.
A report in 2013 by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, a group of about 2,000 international scientists that reviews and summarizes climate science, found it to be “extremely likely” that more than half the global warming that occurred from 1951 to 2010 was a consequence of human emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases.
A January report by NASA and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration concluded, “The planet’s average surface temperature has risen about 2.0 degrees Fahrenheit (1.1 degrees Celsius) since the late 19th century, a change driven largely by increased carbon dioxide and other human-made emissions into the atmosphere.”
Benjamin D. Santer, a climate researcher at the Energy Department’s Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, said, “Mr. Pruitt has claimed that carbon dioxide caused by human activity is not ‘the primary contributor to the global warming that we see.’ Mr. Pruitt is wrong.”
“The scientific community has studied this issue for decades,” Dr. Santer added. “The consensus message from many national and international assessments of the science is pretty simple: Natural factors can’t explain the size or patterns of observed warming. A large human influence on global climate is the best explanation for the warming we’ve measured and monitored.”
The basic science showing that carbon dioxide traps heat at the Earth’s surface dates to the 19th century, and has been confirmed in many thousands of experiments and observations since.
Mr. Pruitt has faced frequent criticism for his close ties to fossil fuel companies. In his previous job as the attorney general of Oklahoma, he sought to use legal tools to fight environmental regulations on the oil and gas companies that are a major part of the state’s economy. A 2014 investigation by The New York Times found that energy lobbyists had drafted letters for Mr. Pruitt to send, on state stationery, to the E.P.A., the Interior Department, the Office of Management and Budget and even Mr. Obama, outlining the economic hardship caused by the environmental rules.
But in a sign of how far outside mainstream views Mr. Pruitt’s remarks on Thursday have placed him, even executives of some of the nation’s largest fossil fuel producers said they were surprised by his comments. Interviewed at CERAweek, an annual conference of major energy producers this week in Houston, Wael Sawan, an executive vice president at Shell Energy Resources, said he was “absolutely convinced CO2 can cause serious damage to not only this generation but future generations.”
Mr. Pruitt spoke at the Houston energy conference on Thursday afternoon in a session moderated by Daniel Yergin, a prominent energy economist and a member of a White House advisory panel. Mr. Yergin did not ask Mr. Pruitt any questions about his remarks from Thursday morning, saying later that he had been unaware of the comments when interviewing him.
Mr. Pruitt did not clarify his comments or respond to reporters who sought to question him.
He said at the energy conference that the Obama administration had gone too far with some environmental rules and that he intended to work more closely with industry and individual states to address pollution issues.
“The future ain’t what it used to be at the E.P.A.,” he said.
Mr. Pruitt’s remarks come as the Trump administration prepares to roll back Mr. Obama’s two signature policies to address global warming: a pair of sweeping regulations intended to curb carbon dioxide emissions from vehicles and power plant smokestacks.
At the same time, the White House is considering a 17 percent cut to the budget of NOAA, one of the nation’s premier agencies of climate science research, according to a memo obtained by The Washington Post.
Mr. Pruitt’s remarks on Thursday were consistent with his past public statements questioning the established science of human-caused climate change, but in denying the role played by carbon dioxide, they go a step further.
In addition to putting him at odds with the consensus of climate scientists, Mr. Pruitt’s remarks also raise the possibility that, as the Trump administration moves forward with unwinding Mr. Obama’s climate change regulations, it could put the administration in violation of federal law.
In 2009, the E.P.A. released a legal opinion known as an endangerment finding concluding that, because of its contribution to global warming, carbon dioxide in large amounts met the Clean Air Act’s definition of a pollutant that harms human health. Under the terms of the Clean Air Act, one of the nation’s most powerful environmental laws, all such pollutants must be regulated by the E.P.A. A federal court upheld the finding, and the Supreme Court declined to hear a challenge to it.
Thus the E.P.A. remains obligated to regulate carbon dioxide.
In his Senate hearing, Mr. Pruitt said that as administrator of the E.P.A. he would not revisit that 2009 legal finding. “It is there, and it needs to be enforced and respected,” Mr. Pruitt said. But energy lobbyists close to the Trump administration have since urged the new administration to consider building a legal case against the endangerment finding.
Advisers to Mr. Trump’s transition team said they read Mr. Pruitt’s remarks as a signal that he intends to do just that.
“President Trump’s campaign commitment was to undo President Obama’s entire climate edifice,” said Myron Ebell, who worked on Mr. Trump’s E.P.A. transition team but has no role in policy making. “They’re thinking through the whole thing, and based on what Scott Pruitt said this morning, I do think they are looking at reopening the endangerment finding.”
Mr. Trump is expected to announce an executive order next week directing Mr. Pruitt to begin the legal process of unwinding the climate change regulations on emissions from power plants.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The Trump administration is considering deep cuts in the budgets of the Coast Guard, the Transportation Security Administration and the Federal Emergency Management Agency as it looks for money to ratchet up security along the southern border, according to a person familiar with the administration’s draft budget request.
The goal is to shift about $5 billion toward hiring scores of additional agents for Customs and Border Protection and Immigration and Customs Enforcement, as well as toward infrastructure to support a crackdown on illegal immigration at the border. A significant portion of the money would go toward erecting a wall along the border with Mexico, one of President Trump’s signature campaign promises.
To fund those efforts, though, the plan would seek significant reductions in other areas, including a 14 percent cut to the Coast Guard’s $9.1 billion budget and 11 percent cuts to both the T.S.A. and FEMA. The three agencies have played high-profile roles in the Department of Homeland Security’s post-Sept. 11 security architecture.
All told, the plan would increase the department’s budget by 6.4 percent, to $43.8 billion, for the 2018 fiscal year, also using savings from other executive branch departments to fund it.
News of the proposal, which was first reported by Politico on Tuesday, has befuddled longtime veterans of the Department of Homeland Security. Lawmakers in both parties indicated they would scrutinize, and perhaps even oppose, a slew of potential cuts they argued would not only expose new weaknesses but also undermine Mr. Trump’s own strongly stated goals of curtailing terrorism, narcotics and illegal immigration.
“It’s a little bit like putting an extra lock on the front door and none on the back door,” said Michael Chertoff, who led the Homeland Security Department for four years. “You are not really protecting the house.”
Reports of the proposal were confirmed to The New York Times by an official who had seen the documents and who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss the closely guarded budgeting process. Mr. Trump is expected to present the budget this month, although it already is viewed as a largely aspirational proposal created by the Office of Management and Budget of the White House and individual departments to set priorities for Congress.
A spokesman for the Homeland Security Department said he could not comment on the deliberations, and John Czwartacki, a spokesman for the budget office, said it was “premature” to discuss any proposals before an official budget blueprint was released.
“The president and his cabinet are working collaboratively as we speak to create a budget that keeps the president’s promises to secure the country and prioritize taxpayer funds,” Mr. Czwartacki said.
Still, reports of the cuts prompted considerable pushback on Capitol Hill, where several of the lawmakers who will eventually vote on appropriating money to the department expressed doubts that the proposal would serve Mr. Trump’s stated goals.
Of chief concern were the potential cuts to the Coast Guard, the nation’s primary domestic maritime security force, which lawmakers and experts said had already been stretched thin by the wars on drugs, illegal immigration and terrorism.
“Given the vital installations they guard and how many drugs and contraband they intercept along our maritime borders, cutting the Coast Guard to pay for a vacuous and expensive vanity project like a border wall would be dangerous and irrational,” Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic minority leader, said in a statement on Wednesday.
Representative Duncan Hunter, a California Republican who is chairman of the subcommittee on the Coast Guard and maritime transportation, was even more acerbic, calling the proposal “an insult” that would put the nation’s security at risk.
The proposal also appears to have drawn the ire of Senator Thad Cochran, Republican of Mississippi, who leads the appropriations committee through which any budget must eventually pass. It was Mr. Cochran who in 2015 successfully pushed to build an additional $600 million cutter for the Coast Guard at Ingalls Shipbuilding in his home state — an order the budget plan now recommends be canceled.
The proposal would seek other savings to the Coast Guard by cutting the use of Maritime Security Response Teams, patrol and first responder teams with advanced counterterrorism training, and delaying other new purchases.
“Chairman Cochran appreciates the Coast Guard’s important role in protecting U.S. national security interests,” Mr. Cochran’s spokesman, Chris Gallegos, said on Wednesday. “Any proposals to reduce support for the Coast Guard will receive careful scrutiny in Congress.”
In addition to monitoring the United States’ waterways for foreign and domestic threats, the Coast Guard plays a significant role in combating problems Mr. Trump wants to address. In the 2016 fiscal year alone, it intercepted more than 6,000 undocumented immigrants, and 200 metric tons of cocaine and 52,000 pounds of marijuana worth almost $6 billion, according to its spokeswoman, Lt. Amy Midgett.
Should law enforcement officials clamp down on the land crossings into the United States, experts said, the maritime interdiction role would most likely only increase, putting additional pressure on the Coast Guard.
“Where do you think drug smugglers and illegal immigrants will go next if you make the land border more impervious?” said David Heyman, who was assistant Homeland Security secretary for policy from 2009 to 2014. “It’s obvious they would next try to sneak in by sea or by air, which is precisely what the administration is trying to cut.”
The proposed cuts at the T.S.A., the agency tasked with protecting air travel in the United States, and FEMA, which is best known for providing disaster relief, are relatively smaller, but they have likewise raised concerns about opening up new vulnerabilities to the nation’s transit hubs and cities.
Within the T.S.A., the proposal calls for the elimination of a handful of programs that have played a critical role in airport security and counterterrorism since the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. They include a program that trains pilots to respond to an attempted armed takeover of the cockpit; a grant program that supports local law enforcement patrols at airports; and another, the Visible Intermodal Prevention and Response program, that sends both undercover and highly visible officers to conduct security sweeps in high-risk airports and train stations.
At FEMA, potential cuts would target for reduction an array of grants to state and local governments that have helped fund the development of emergency preparedness and response plans for natural disasters and terrorism-related events.
The proposed savings would allow the Homeland Security Department to take significant steps toward addressing Mr. Trump’s priorities along the border between the United States and Mexico. The plan would free up funds to begin paying for the border wall, to construct detention facilities, and to hire an additional 500 Border Patrol agents and 1,000 Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents who will be responsible for border security and the deportation of immigrants already in the country illegally.
Mr. Chertoff said that considering the department’s overall imperatives, it made little sense to so strengthen one portion of the budget at the expense of another, critical area.
“If you are going to look at the mission of D.H.S., in which priority No. 1 is security, you have to take an approach to the budget that balances all the elements of security,” he said.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump, after a halting start, is now marshaling the full power of his office to win over holdout conservatives and waffling senators to support the House Republicans’ replacement for the Affordable Care Act.
There are East Room meetings, evening dinners and sumptuous lunches — even a White House bowling soiree. Mr. Trump is deploying the salesman tactics he sharpened over several decades in New York real estate. His pitch: He is fully behind the bill to scotch President Barack Obama’s signature domestic achievement, but he is open to negotiations on the details.
In so doing, Mr. Trump is plunging personally into his first major legislative fight, getting behind a bill that has been denounced by many health care providers and scorned by his base on the right. If it fails, Mr. Trump will find it difficult not to shoulder some of the blame.
“He understands the power he has as president to drive the legislative process,” said Representative Patrick T. McHenry, Republican of North Carolina and a top House vote counter, who was part of a meeting with Mr. Trump in the East Room on Tuesday.
“He made it clear that this is his priority, that it has to get done, and he made clear that he has to get it through before he moves on tax reform,” Mr. McHenry added.
The bill represents an opening for an administration that has been mired in infighting and controversy over an early executive action on immigration. And it will allow Mr. Trump to make good on a pledge he made in rally after rally in 2016 to replace Mr. Obama’s law, which he called a “disaster.”
And it has momentum. On Thursday, two key House committees approved the legislation, which would undo the Affordable Care Act and replace it with a more modest system of tax credits and a rollback of Mr. Obama’s Medicaid expansion. Party-line votes by the House Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means Committees sent the measure to the House Budget Committee for consideration next week before a final House vote that Speaker Paul D. Ryan plans for later this month.
“Today marks the beginning of the end of Obamacare,” Representative Steve Scalise of Louisiana, the majority whip, declared after the votes.
The risks for Mr. Trump are high. His initial foray into the debate was a declaration that nobody should lose insurance coverage with a replacement bill — a standard that is likely to be impossible to meet. When House Republicans finally unveiled the legislation Monday night, he declared on Twitter, “Our wonderful new Healthcare Bill is now out for review and negotiation” — hardly a hard line.
Already, debate on the measure is taking far longer than Mr. Trump had hoped, delaying his push to cut taxes, rewrite the tax code and secure a sizable new infrastructure program. If his health care push fails, the reverberations will affect those other measures.
For all of Mr. Trump’s characteristic bluster, the self-described king of the deal is treading gingerly on the actual policies in the bill. Since members of the hard-line House Freedom Caucus complained that they were not being listened to by the House Republican leadership, Mr. Trump has sought to bring them along by listening to their concerns before dictating his desires, his advisers say.
For now, those advisers say, Mr. Trump is in listening mode. He had dinner on Wednesday with Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, who is leery of the House bill. He got an earful from conservative opponents of the bill when he met at the White House with representatives of the Heritage Foundation and Americans for Prosperity on Wednesday night.
On Thursday afternoon, the White House director of social media, Dan Scavino Jr., posted a photo on Twitter of the president sitting around a table at a meeting that Mr. Scavino said was budget-related. But among those at the table with the president were Representative Mark Meadows of North Carolina, the chairman of the Freedom Caucus, and Representative Jim Jordan of Ohio, two of the biggest obstacles to any health care bill deemed insufficiently thorough in obliterating the Affordable Care Act.
The president has not spent enormous time negotiating specific aspects of the bill, people who have spoken with him say. But some of his advisers have been critical of the House Republican Conference, led by Mr. Ryan, for not doing more to bring along conservative members. The meeting at the White House with leaders of conservative groups was an effort to remedy that, Mr. Trump’s aides said.
And in a sign of the White House still grappling with how tightly it wants to embrace the current bill, Vice President Mike Pence will appear instead of Mr. Trump on a trip to Louisville, Ky., this weekend. On Wednesday, Mr. Trump will hold a campaign rally in Nashville, where he is also expected to barnstorm for the repeal of the Affordable Care Act.
“The president will be visiting several cities over the next coming weeks to engage the American people on the need to repeal and replace,” Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said on Thursday.
Last week, Mr. Trump’s aides grew frustrated when the House Republican leadership bluntly told them that the president would need to use his political capital to bring people along. The tensions fall squarely in the purview of Reince Priebus, Mr. Trump’s chief of staff, who is close to Mr. Ryan and who some of the president’s advisers fear has divided loyalties. Mr. Trump vented his frustrations with Mr. Priebus last Friday over how much work remained toward preparing for the health bill rollout.
Mr. Trump’s advisers mostly welcomed the discussion of the bill as a reprieve from the controversy over Mr. Trump’s post on Twitter saying, without evidence, that he had information that Mr. Obama had “tapped” Mr. Trump’s phones at Trump Tower during the campaign.
Those advisers are also aware that the rollout of the plan has been bumpy, with only deeply limited spade work done by the House Republican Conference to shore up outside support beforehand. Nudged by frustrations from the West Wing, Mr. Ryan on Thursday conducted a PowerPoint presentation with members of the news media to explain the three phases planned for repealing and replacing the A.C.A.
But White House advisers are well aware that they are saddled with the bill now. At the same time, they describe Mr. Trump as walking lightly — by his standards, at least.
The vice president’s trip to Kentucky will bring Mr. Pence to a state that is being treated as ground zero in the repeal fight. Kentucky’s junior senator, Rand Paul, is the bill’s most prominent Republican critic. Its former governor, Steve Beshear, became a Democratic hero for successfully implementing the health care law in the deep red state, but Republicans took full control of its statehouse in elections last year despite the Democrats’ strong support for the Affordable Care Act.
There is some daylight between the House Republican leaders and the White House on how much change the bill can absorb. Representative Joe L. Barton, Republican of Texas, offered an amendment on Thursday that would have moved the health care bill in a conservative direction, reducing federal funds for the Affordable Care Act’s expansion of Medicaid at the end of 2017, two years earlier than under the legislation drafted by House Republican leaders.
Mr. Barton withdrew the amendment but hinted that it could reappear when the bill hits the House floor. The proposal was supported by two influential conservative groups, the Republican Study Committee and the House Freedom Caucus — and, he said, “the Trump administration is open to it.” Indeed, the White House has begun pushing for a 2017 end to the Medicaid expansion, a senior Trump adviser confirmed — a move that risks pushing away moderates across Congress.
Mr. Trump also wants the Republicans’ health care bill to inject more consumer choice into the process of selecting plans, said someone familiar with the president’s thinking, as well as the elimination of state-by-state insurance options. Such changes are impossible under the budget rules that Republicans are using to avoid a Democratic filibuster in the Senate.
Representative McHenry said Mr. Trump talked in the meeting this week about how he had performed in the districts of lawmakers whose votes will be necessary.
The criticism of the bill from conservative groups grew so hostile so quickly that it surprised even Mr. Trump. So Mr. Trump moved to use the trappings of the presidency to woo them.
Initially, the group was told it would see the president in the Roosevelt Room. But after the group’s members waited there for a short while, an aide entered and said, “The president would like to see you in the Oval Office.”
Even so, it quickly became evident that the objections the activists had with the bill could not be washed away with the awe of the Oval Office. The president told them he did not appreciate the attacks on the proposal as “Obamacare lite” or something that fell short of a repeal. That kind of talk, he warned them, could be detrimental to their shared cause of gutting the Affordable Care Act.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Republicans are rarely as exercised as when they are fighting with themselves.
And as the House debates how to best dismantle the Affordable Care Act, a familiar array of interest groups with deep pockets, incensed talk radio hosts and online agitators is again assuming its posture of aggression toward the House Republican leadership.
“Swampcare,” the writer and radio personality Erick Erickson scoffed at the new American Health Care Act, the culmination of seven years of promises to repeal and replace President Barack Obama’s signature domestic achievement. “Obamacare 2.0,” declared Breitbart.com. “RINOCARE,” Mark Levin wrote on Twitter, using the acronym for Republican in Name Only.
Political groups backed by the billionaire brothers Charles and David Koch and other powerful players on the right, such as Club for Growth and Heritage Action for America, have come out quickly and strongly against the bill. Some have threatened to punish lawmakers by docking their conservative ratings on the influential “scorecards” they distribute to voters. Activists are already swarming Capitol Hill and demanding that Congress take a harder line and pass a repeal measure that would leave no trace of the Affordable Care Act.
“I feel lied to,” said Anna Beavon Gravely, the deputy state director of the North Carolina chapter of Americans for Prosperity, a Koch-backed group that is funding a grass-roots push against Republicans in Congress who want to stop short of an outright repeal.
“We trusted you because you said you were going to do something about this. And this is not it. Not even close,” she added as she prepared to set out for the offices of North Carolina lawmakers with other activists from her state.
The displeasure is forcing an uncomfortable reckoning in the Republican Party much earlier and in a much more disruptive way than many think is constructive. And it has many conservatives asking why — now that they control both houses of Congress and the White House and have remained largely united so far — they are picking a fight with each other.
The criticism from the right has grown so harsh that President Trump asked leaders of several conservative groups in an Oval Office meeting on Wednesday to tone it down. He was especially troubled, one participant said, by the comparisons of the plan to “Obamacare lite,” which he said was inaccurate and harmful to their shared cause of gutting the current law.
One senior White House official described the meeting as “tough.” Referring to the president, the official said: “He listened. They vented.”
After the meeting, the White House appeared more confident about the prospects in the House for the health care overhaul. In a meeting with conservative leaders in the Oval Office on Wednesday, Mr. Trump said he anticipated the most trouble in the Senate, where Republican moderates and conservatives are opposing the plan for different reasons. He said he was prepared to pressure holdout senators by having the kind of stadium-style rallies he had during his presidential campaign.
Unified government was supposed to eliminate some of the infighting that plagued the Republicans during the Obama years, when the party’s right flank brought down a House speaker, defeated a House majority leader and blocked another majority leader’s ascent. Instead, it is underlining the difficulties of running Washington now that their party bears full responsibility.
“For a while, it did seem like Trump’s victory had transcended the old political battles,” said Matt Lewis, a conservative author, who added that the fighting was doubly odd because the repeal was not an issue central to Mr. Trump’s immigration- and jobs-themed campaign. “This is not why people elected Donald Trump. And yet here we are.”
As they find themselves sudden targets of a well-organized and well-financed opposition from within, some Republicans are beginning to question whether the squabbling is ultimately self-defeating. And their doubts raise a new question for this Republican faction that has been mocked as the “Party of No”: Can they ever get to yes?
“I fully respect people on the outside — who don’t have to take a vote or produce an outcome — who strive for perfect,” said Senator Thom Tillis of North Carolina, one of the Republicans who found activists in their offices this week. Perfect, he said, is never as attainable as people think. “But we’re going to get good here.”
Stopping government-mandated health care has been a cause unifying conservatives since Mr. Obama began talking about it as a presidential candidate nine years ago. Perhaps no other issue created as much energy among conservative voters, helping Republicans make historic gains in Congress as they railed against the law as an egregious government overreaching into a vast part of the economy.
But differences over how exactly to unravel the Affordable Care Act have long divided Republicans, even when the stakes were low and they knew that whatever they passed in Congress would be vetoed by Mr. Obama. In 2013, differences within the Republican Party over defunding it led to a 16-day government shutdown.
Back then, the fault lines in the debate were largely the same: hard-line conservatives butting up against the party leadership, which they accused of not acting aggressively enough.
But as much as the squabbling seems the same, there is one crucial difference: They are firing with real bullets now.
“We’re on the hook this time,” said Representative Dave Brat, Republican of Virginia, who is part of the group of conservatives pushing for an outright repeal. “This one counts.”
That they are firing some of those bullets at one another seems to be less of a concern the more conservative you are.
Representative Raul Labrador of Idaho, an opponent of the House bill who along with Mr. Brat is a member of the House Freedom Caucus, the driving force on Capitol Hill behind the resistance, said that any Republicans who will not vote to fully repeal the law will not be keeping a promise they made to voters. “And they can go back to their districts and explain to the American people why they lied,” he said.
Conservatives see many of the same problems in the Republican leadership plan today that bothered them about the Democrats’ 2010 health care bill: It extends a taxpayer-funded subsidy to help individuals buy insurance; though it revokes the Affordable Care Act’s mandate that nearly all Americans have insurance, it replaces the mandate with a new penalty if a consumer buys insurance after letting coverage lapse; it was negotiated largely without consulting the rank and file; and, they insist, its benefits could go toward people who should not receive them, like undocumented immigrants.
Matt Schlapp, the chairman of the American Conservative Union, echoed a concern that many conservative activists have voiced about not being briefed or consulted on the plan. “It goes a long way when you hear people out,” he said. “And there are a lot of natural allies that this caught by surprise as much as it did Democrats.”
The unhappiness on the right could be especially worrisome for Speaker Paul D. Ryan, whose status as a favorite target of the conservative base seemed to fade in the wake of Mr. Trump’s election.
Now, many conservatives appear willing to reopen the wounds of old leadership fights. Some of them have already taken to mocking the repeal plan with what they consider to be the most damning of pejoratives — not “Trumpcare,” as Democrats call it, but “Ryancare.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — White House officials declared on Wednesday that President Trump was not the target of an investigation, five days after Mr. Trump himself raised the prospect with an unsubstantiated claim that his predecessor ordered the wiretapping of Trump Tower.
After first refusing to disavow Mr. Trump’s allegations, made in a series of Twitter posts, and instead calling for Congress to investigate them, the press secretary, Sean Spicer, told reporters, “There is no reason that we have to think the president is the target of any investigation whatsoever.”
Mr. Spicer’s statement, which he read from a sheet of paper that was handed to him at the end of his briefing, reinforced the conundrum Mr. Trump’s tweets have created for the White House: Either the president’s assertions are baseless, or he may have implicated himself in a government investigation of contacts between his presidential campaign and Russia.
Until Wednesday, Mr. Spicer had steadfastly declined to discuss Mr. Trump’s assertion that former President Barack Obama ordered wiretap surveillance of Trump Tower — an act that Mr. Trump condemned as a scandal comparable in scale to McCarthyism or Watergate.
Early into Wednesday’s briefing, Mr. Spicer stuck to the policy he has followed since the storm broke over Mr. Trump’s posts. Asked whether the president was the target of a counterintelligence inquiry, he replied: “I think that’s what we need to find out. There’s obviously a lot of concern.”
But after an aide slipped Mr. Spicer a note, he circled back to clarify that “there is no reason to believe there is any type of investigation with respect to the Department of Justice.” The press secretary insisted he was not disavowing the president, who posted his tweets early on Saturday morning from Mar-a-Lago, his resort in Palm Beach, Fla.
“The tweet dealt with wiretaps,” Mr. Spicer said. “The other is an investigation. They are two separate issues.”
While the F.B.I. is conducting a wide-ranging counterintelligence investigation into Russian interference with the 2016 presidential election, there is no public evidence that Mr. Trump is a target. The Justice Department defines “target” as someone whom investigators have substantial evidence against and who is likely to be indicted.
Current and former officials have said repeatedly that although they were concerned about intelligence suggesting meetings between associates of Mr. Trump’s and Russian officials, they have developed no evidence of collusion between Mr. Trump’s campaign and Russia’s hacking efforts. Mr. Spicer cited the former director of national intelligence, James R. Clapper Jr., who last Sunday made that point on the NBC program “Meet the Press.”
But Mr. Clapper also said he had no knowledge the government had sought a warrant from a foreign intelligence court to install a wiretap in Trump Tower. On Saturday, the director of the F.B.I., James B. Comey, asked the Justice Department to publicly reject Mr. Trump’s claim that his agency had wiretapped his phones. The department has refused to do so.
Mr. Spicer complained bitterly about news media coverage of ties between Mr. Trump and Russia, saying it was fueled by leaks from anonymous sources, none of which had been substantiated.
“It’s interesting how many times this fake narrative gets repeated over and over and over again,” he said. “And yet no evidence has ever been suggested that shows the president has anything to do with any of the things that are being said. It’s a recycled story, over and over and over again.”
The problem for the White House is that Mr. Trump fueled this week’s cycle of stories himself. On Wednesday, the top Republican and Democrat on the Senate’s Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism asked the F.B.I. and the Justice Department for evidence that the government had sought legal permission to tap Mr. Trump’s phones.
The request came in a letter from Senators Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, and Sheldon Whitehouse, Democrat of Rhode Island, to Mr. Comey and the acting deputy attorney general, Dana Boente. Mr. Boente is overseeing the Russia inquiry because Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused himself from any cases involving the Trump campaign and Russia, after acknowledging he met with Russia’s ambassador, Sergey I. Kislyak.
“We request that the Department of Justice provide us copies of any warrant applications and court orders — redacted as necessary to protect intelligence sources and methods that may be compromised by disclosure, and to protect any ongoing investigations — related to wiretaps of President Trump, the Trump campaign or Trump Tower,” the senators wrote.
With no evidence of wiretaps emerging, the White House has been forced into a defensive communications strategy. It has curtailed Mr. Trump’s appearances before cameras, where reporters could ask him about his claims. Mr. Spicer held his briefing on Monday without TV cameras, though on Tuesday and Wednesday, he answered questions at length and before the cameras.
On Tuesday, the administration sent the secretary of homeland security, John F. Kelly, on CNN, where he, too, provided no evidence of any wiretapping. However, Mr. Kelly said, “if the president of the United States said that, he’s got his reasons to say it.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The Trump administration is exploring how to dismantle or bypass Obama-era constraints intended to prevent civilian deaths from drone attacks, commando raids and other counterterrorism missions outside conventional war zones like Afghanistan and Iraq, according to officials familiar with internal deliberations.
Already, President Trump has granted a Pentagon request to declare parts of three provinces of Yemen to be an “area of active hostilities” where looser battlefield rules apply. That opened the door to a Special Operations raid in late January in which several civilians were killed, as well as to the largest-ever series of American airstrikes targeting Yemen-based Qaeda militants, starting nearly two weeks ago, the officials said.
Mr. Trump is also expected to sign off soon on a similar Pentagon proposal to designate parts of Somalia to be another such battlefield-style zone for 180 days, removing constraints on airstrikes and raids targeting people suspected of being militants with the Qaeda-linked group the Shabab, they said.
Inside the White House, the temporary suspension of the limits for parts of Yemen and Somalia is seen as a test run while the government considers whether to more broadly rescind or relax the Obama-era rules, said the officials, who described the internal deliberations on the condition of anonymity.
The move to open the throttle on using military force — and accept a greater risk of civilian casualties — in troubled parts of the Muslim world comes as the Trump administration is also trying to significantly increase military spending and cut foreign aid and State Department budgets.
The proposal to cut so-called soft-power budgets, however, is meeting with stiff resistance from some senior Republicans on Capitol Hill, as well as from top active-duty and retired generals and admirals, who fear perpetual conflicts if the root causes of instability and terrorism are not addressed.
“Any budget we pass that guts the State Department’s budget, you will never win this war,” Senator Lindsey Graham, a South Carolina Republican on the Armed Services Committee, said during a hearing last week. Referring to the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL, he added, “As a matter of fact, ISIL will be celebrating.”
In a sign of mounting concern over the government’s policy review, more than three dozen members of America’s national security establishment have urged Defense Secretary Jim Mattis to maintain the thrust of the Obama-era principles for counterterrorism missions, saying strict standards should be maintained for using force outside traditional war zones.
The former officials, in a letter sent on Sunday to Mr. Mattis, warned that “even small numbers of unintentional civilian deaths or injuries — whether or not legally permitted — can cause significant strategic setbacks,” increasing violence from militant groups or prompting partners and allies to reduce collaboration with the United States.
Indeed, immediately after the Special Operations raid on Jan. 29, Yemeni officials suspended further commando missions, pending an assessment of what went wrong, although they later backtracked.
The letter’s 37 signatories included John E. McLaughlin, who was the acting C.I.A. director for President George W. Bush; Lisa O. Monaco, President Barack Obama’s Homeland Security and counterterrorism adviser; and Matthew G. Olsen, who served as a national security official in the Bush Justice Department and as the director of the National Counterterrorism Center in the Obama administration.
The White House did not respond to a request for an interview about this article.
Mr. Obama imposed the civilian-protection rules in May 2013 as part of an effort to recalibrate counterterrorism operations after he had overseen a steep increase in military and C.I.A. drone strikes in places like Yemen and tribal Pakistan.
Critics, including inside the government, worried that the strikes were causing too many civilian casualties, driving terrorist recruitment and undermining support among local partners in the regions. In response, the Obama administration developed the rules, known as the Presidential Policy Guidance.
Under those rules, cabinet officials generally must agree in high-level deliberations that a proposed target away from a traditional war zone poses a threat to Americans. That is intended to limit strikes targeting generic groups of suspected low-level foot soldiers. And there must be “near certainty” that no civilians will be killed.
By contrast, in a standard war zone, military commanders can approve a strike without interagency review in Washington, and some civilian casualties are acceptable under the laws of war, as long as they are deemed necessary and proportionate to a legitimate military objective.
Military operators have chafed under the 2013 rules, but the Obama administration saw them as a signature accomplishment in the era of drones and open-ended war on terrorism. In his last year in office, Mr. Obama issued an executive order requiring the government to disclose annually its official estimate of civilian and combatant deaths from counterterrorism airstrikes away from war zones.
Still, in its final year in power, the Obama administration declared the area around Surt, Libya, to be an “area of active hostilities.” It then started a sustained campaign of 495 airstrikes targeting Islamic State militias there. Mr. Obama revoked the Surt declaration hours before Mr. Trump’s inauguration.
The Obama administration also permitted the Defense Department to carry out an escalated campaign of airstrikes last year in Somalia that the United States Africa Command started without going through the process laid out by the 2013 rules. Instead, those airstrikes were justified under an expansive theory of collective self-defense to protect African Union and Somali forces being trained and advised by the United States.
Against that backdrop, officials said, both the Central Command, which oversees military activity in Yemen, and Africa Command, which oversees it in Somalia, had already been developing proposals by mid-2016 to ask for parts of Yemen and Somalia to be declared active-hostilities zones, officials said. They submitted those to the Joint Chiefs of Staff’s “J5” directorate, which handles strategic plans and policy.
As a result, the Pentagon was in a position to swiftly bring the ideas forward to Mr. Trump, whose inauguration raised expectations that the White House would be more permissive. The officials said that Mr. Mattis signed one-page memos to Mr. Trump asking for each authority, backed by about five pages of supporting material, within days of Mr. Trump’s becoming president in January.
Several officials said Mr. Trump signed off on making parts of Yemen an active-hostilities zone at the same dinner with Mr. Mattis five days after his inauguration where he approved the ill-fated raid on a Qaeda compound in Yemen. At the time, they said, the expectation was that the Somalia proposal would be swiftly signed, too, and that the larger 2013 rules could be jettisoned swiftly.
On Jan. 28, Mr. Trump signed a presidential national security memorandum directing the military to give him a plan within 30 days to defeat the Islamic State. It said the plan should include “recommended changes to any United States rules of engagement and other United States policy restrictions that exceed the requirements of international law regarding the use of force,” a veiled reference to rescinding the 2013 limits on airstrikes.
But the momentum for rapid change broke, the officials said, after the Yemen raid, which resulted in numerous civilian deaths, including of children; the death of a member of the Navy’s SEAL Team 6 and the wounding of three others; and the loss of a $75 million aircraft.
As a result, Mr. Trump’s national security advisers — first Michael T. Flynn, who has since resigned, and now Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster — have slowed the review process down while letting operations in Yemen, and soon Somalia, play out as test runs, the officials said.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — At the State Department, the normally pulsating hub of executive offices is hushed and virtually empty. At the Pentagon, military missions in some of the world’s most troubled places are being run by a defense secretary who has none of his top team in place. And at departments like Treasury, Commerce and Health and Human Services, many senior posts remain vacant even as the agencies have been handed enormous tasks like remaking the nation’s health insurance system.
From the moment he was sworn in, President Trump faced a personnel crisis, starting virtually from scratch in lining up senior leaders for his administration. Seven weeks into the job, he is still hobbled by the slow start, months behind where experts in both parties, even some inside his administration, say he should be.
The lag has left critical power centers in his government devoid of leadership as he struggles to advance policy priorities on issues like health care, taxes, trade and environmental regulation. Many federal agencies and offices are in states of suspended animation, their career civil servants answering to temporary bosses whose influence and staying power are unclear, and who are sometimes awaiting policy direction from appointees whose arrival may be weeks or months away.
“There’s no question this is the slowest transition in decades,” said R. Nicholas Burns, a former State Department official who served under presidents of both parties and has been involved in transitions since 1988. “It is a very, very big mistake. The world continues — it doesn’t respect transitions.”
Mr. Trump has insisted that the barren ranks of his government are not a shortcoming but the vanguard of a plan to cut the size of the federal bureaucracy. “A lot of those jobs, I don’t want to appoint, because they’re unnecessary to have,” Mr. Trump told Fox News last month. “I say, ‘What do all these people do?’ You don’t need all those jobs.”
But the president has not proposed any plan for trimming crucial senior positions, and a White House spokeswoman, Lindsay E. Walters, said he eventually planned to fill them.
Mr. Trump’s personnel problems are rooted in a dysfunctional transition effort that left him without a pool of nominees-in-waiting who had been screened for security and financial problems and were ready to be named on Day 1. In the weeks since, the problem has been compounded by roadblocks of his own making: a loyalty test that in some cases has eliminated qualified candidates, a five-year lobbying ban that has discouraged some of the most sought-after potential appointees, and a general sense of upheaval at the White House that has repelled many others.
Officials involved in and briefed on the situation described it on the condition of anonymity, unwilling to be quoted disparaging Mr. Trump or his administration.
But the numbers paint an unmistakable picture. While Mr. Trump has won confirmation of 18 members of his cabinet, he has not nominated anyone for more than 500 other vital posts and has fallen behind his predecessors in filling the important second- and third-tier positions that carry out most of the government’s crucial daily functions. As of Sunday, he had sent to the Senate 36 nominations for critical positions, just over half of the 70 sent by President Barack Obama, who was also criticized for early delays, at the same point in 2009, according to figures compiled by the nonpartisan Center for Presidential Transition at the Partnership for Public Service.
In the vast majority of cases, Mr. Trump’s administration has not even begun the lengthy screening process — which can take several weeks to as long as two months — that nominees must complete before their confirmations can be considered by the Senate. According to data obtained by The New York Times, the Office of Government Ethics, the independent agency that conducts financial reviews of every presidential nominee, had received only 63 disclosure reports for prospective Trump administration nominees as of March 5, less than a third of the 228 that Mr. Obama’s team had submitted by that date in 2009.
At the State Department, both deputy-level jobs remain unfilled, along with the posts of six under secretaries and 22 assistant secretaries. At the Treasury Department, Mr. Trump has yet to name a deputy secretary, general counsel or chief financial officer, or any of the three under secretaries and nine assistant secretaries. At the Department of Homeland Security, one of three agencies for which the president has nominated a deputy, he has yet to name any of the four under secretaries, three assistant secretaries or other crucial players like a chief of Citizenship and Immigration Services or a commissioner of Customs and Border Protection.
Ms. Walters, the White House spokeswoman, denied any substantial delay in staffing the government, saying that “there is no holdup.” But she added that the administration was now screening a large pool of prospective nominees — a senior White House official put the number at about 130 — whom it would soon name for crucial positions.
The official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to detail internal deliberations, said that since Inauguration Day, the White House had set a pace for filling positions that rivaled the rate of previous administrations, and was now moving as quickly as the meticulous personnel process would allow. Mr. Trump’s presidential campaign was a compact operation, so he did not have the potentially thousands of political aides that other new presidents have rewarded with plum jobs, the official added.
The staffing delays appear to reflect Mr. Trump’s lack of experience in government and his deep suspicion of anyone with such a background — two significant factors in his flawed transition. Another challenge has been the president’s attempt to apply to the sprawling federal bureaucracy the same mode of leadership he has used for decades in his business, where he placed exclusive trust in a small, insular team.
“The approach that the president took as a businessman and a candidate is simply not scalable to the challenge of filling out the rest of the government leadership,” said Max Stier, the president of the Center for Presidential Transition.
If agencies lack leaders who understand their operations and policies and have the president’s trust, said Carlos M. Gutierrez, who served as commerce secretary under President George W. Bush, “it just makes the whole function of the executive branch less effective.”
“It is a big problem, because either the agency is not well represented or isn’t represented at all,” Mr. Gutierrez said. Outside the government, he added, foreign diplomats, businesspeople and others “don’t know who to call or who to talk to.”
The lag could also undercut Mr. Trump’s global influence. When trade ministers of Pacific Rim nations, including China, meet this week in Chile, the United States will be represented by its ambassador to Chile, Carol Z. Perez, a career diplomat, because no trade official has been confirmed.
At the Pentagon, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis is overseeing missions in Iraq, Afghanistan and Yemen without his own leadership team.
Some nominees, including the billionaire Vincent Viola, Mr. Trump’s choice for Army secretary, had to withdraw because background checks — which would normally have been completed weeks earlier — revealed insurmountable problems, like financial entanglements. That has left Mr. Mattis to rely on holdovers like Robert O. Work, the deputy defense secretary under Mr. Obama, and senior civil servants.
“He is really missing three to four levels of his leadership team,” said Michèle Flournoy, the under secretary of defense for policy under Mr. Obama, who said she removed herself from consideration to be Mr. Mattis’s deputy because she did not agree with the new administration’s values and policy direction. “The White House personnel system has really put an emphasis on loyalty to Trump, and they have ruled out anyone who said anything bad about him.”
Steven T. Mnuchin, the Treasury secretary, identified potential nominees for senior posts early on, including Jim Donovan, a Goldman Sachs executive, whom he wants to be his deputy. But one official close to the process said the White House had hesitated over the political risk of bringing another alumnus of the investment bank into an administration that has styled itself a champion of blue-collar Americans. A nomination probably remains weeks away, according to another person familiar with the situation.
As of Sunday, the list of Treasury officials on the department’s website was empty, save for the words, “This page is temporarily unavailable.”
At the Environmental Protection Agency, Scott Pruitt, the administrator, was confirmed by the Senate last month, and he has hired a chief of staff and a few others. But the White House has yet to nominate anyone to fill another dozen key jobs requiring Senate confirmation, like the assistant administrators who oversee clean air and water regulation.
Those offices sit empty even as Mr. Trump says he wants the E.P.A. to start rolling back several major Obama-era regulations, including a rule on water pollution.
“It will be impossible for them to carry out that agenda unless they can get people in place,” said Jeffrey Holmstead, an assistant E.P.A. administrator under Mr. Bush.
Adding to Mr. Trump’s challenge is an approach to personnel that at times appears haphazard; he abruptly asked 46 United States attorneys to submit their resignations on Friday and immediately clean out their desks, leaving himself the task of appointing replacements around the country.
Analysts say Mr. Trump’s approach also betrays a fundamental misunderstanding of how the government works.
“They can think of this lack of appointments as being a lean government, but this isn’t like running a small business,” said Terry Sullivan, the executive director of the White House Transition Project, a nonpartisan organization that tracks the pace of appointments. “The federal government is quantum times larger than the largest American corporation. It puts Exxon Mobil in the shade. It is a reflection of naïveté about how big the U.S. government is.”
The personnel crisis has become something of a self-fulfilling prophecy, discouraging some experienced policy specialists from joining Mr. Trump’s government.
Rodney L. Whitlock, a health policy consultant and former longtime aide to Senator Charles E. Grassley, Republican of Iowa, said the five-year lobbying ban was a deterrent from pursuing a position with the administration.
“If I stayed in for three years, and then I stepped out, when could I lobby?” Mr. Whitlock said. “I would be 60. I’ve got to put kids through college, and I’m not the only one.”
Beyond that, he said, “a perception of chaos, right or wrong, makes people uncomfortable.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump has vowed a hiring surge of 10,000 immigration and customs officers to accelerate the deportation of unauthorized immigrants. But the aggressive pace he has laid out risks adding to the ranks of rogue agents who have been charged with abusing immigrants.
Over the past decade, dozens of Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents and contract guards responsible for the detention and removal of undocumented immigrants have been arrested and charged with beating people, smuggling drugs into detention centers, having sex with detainees and accepting bribes to delay or stop deportations, agency documents and court records show.
One agent took pictures of himself having sex with a minor in a foreign country after dropping off deportees. In another case, an ICE lawyer pretending to be an immigration judge took bribes to remove official documents from the files of people awaiting deportation.
These officials make up a small fraction of the work force at the agency, now comprising almost 20,000 people, but former Homeland Security officials and human rights workers say that even a few bad officers can be a problem because they hold such power over a vulnerable population.
John Roth, the Department of Homeland Security’s inspector general, told a Senate committee in February that the agency would “face a number of challenges” in executing Mr. Trump’s executive orders because it had “inadequate systems to track and process applicants.”
Mr. Roth said his office was conducting an audit of previous hiring surges to help the agency avoid practices that may have led to corruption and misconduct by staff members.
Human rights activists expressed similar worries about a hiring wave.
“Given the things that have been documented in the past — beatings, sexual assaults and other abuses — it doesn’t seem like they have much oversight of the people they have now. And they want to add more?” said Justin Mazzola, deputy director of research for Amnesty International in New York.
Mr. Mazzola’s concern is borne out in a number of cases in which ICE employees have been accused or convicted of abuse.
In Philadelphia, Justin Ford pleaded guilty to stealing money from undocumented immigrants being processed for removal.
In New Jersey, Arnaldo Echevarria was convicted on charges of extracting bribes from people facing deportation.
And in Detroit, Clifton Divers was arrested after the authorities said he had provided false information to federal immigration authorities in order to delay the deportation of several immigrants facing removal.
Mr. Ford and Mr. Echevarria were deportation officers who supervised unauthorized immigrants. Mr. Divers is a special agent with ICE Homeland Security Investigations who prosecutors say took $5,000 from an immigration attorney to put off several deportations by claiming that the immigrants had information about crimes.
John F. Kelly, the Homeland Security secretary, has directed the agency to “take all appropriate action to expeditiously hire 10,000 agents and officers,” as sought by Mr. Trump in his executive order.
Mr. Kelly said the agency would maintain a rigorous hiring process and add personnel to ensure that it would not be compromised.
“I will not skimp on the training and the standards,” he told a congressional panel last month.
According to immigration and customs officials, agents and deportation officers undergo pre-employment security checks and full background investigations, and then re-investigations every five or 10 years, depending on the sensitivity of the position.
Still, some former Homeland Security officials said they worried that in an effort to accelerate hiring, the agency would be tempted to lower its standards. Leaked documents outlining plans to beef up a sister agency, the Border Patrol, first reported in Foreign Policy magazine, show that Customs and Border Protection officials are considering waiving polygraph tests for some applicants and applying less stringent background checks to speed the hiring of 5,000 agents.
ICE does not administer lie detector test to applicants. In 2016, the agency’s Office of Professional Responsibility sought permission to use pre-employment polygraph examinations for law enforcement applicants similar to those used by the Border Patrol and Secret Service, but the proposal stalled.
James Tomsheck, a former assistant commissioner of Customs and Border Protection, said that while polygraph tests were not foolproof, they could help weed out applicants susceptible to corruption.
“What needs to be implemented are protocols for keeping bad people from getting in in the first place,” he said. “Background checks alone are insufficient at vetting people.”
Background checks failed to find problems with Mr. Ford, who authorities said was facing financial problems when he stole from the vulnerable immigrants he transported to detention facilities in New Jersey. He was arrested in March 2015 by a Philadelphia Police Department SWAT team as he dropped off an undercover agent at a detention facility.
Mr. Ford, who told the authorities that he had taken only a few hundred dollars from detainees “a couple of times,” pleaded guilty in June 2015.
Mr. Echevarria, who was indicted last year, accepted $75,000 in bribes in exchange for employment authorization documents for several immigrants in the country illegally, the authorities said. Prosecutors said he also had demanded sex in at least one instance. From 2012 to 2014, they said, Mr. Echevarria made false statements to immigration authorities about the status of the undocumented immigrants under his supervision.
Mr. Divers, who is awaiting trial, was arrested in October. According to court records, between 2009 and 2015 he took thousands of dollars from Charles T. Busse, an immigration attorney, to help with deportation cases.
In one instance, Mr. Divers was accused of sending an email to officials at Homeland Security that falsely said one of Mr. Busse's clients was assisting in a criminal investigation. As a result of Mr. Divers’s email, the client was not deported, court records show.
In another case, Mr. Divers arranged for a one-year deportation deferral for another client of Mr. Busse, a Mexican man, after providing false information to ICE officials, according to court documents.
“Some of these guys don’t have any respect for the people they are rounding up or deporting,” said an ICE deportation officer, who requested anonymity because he fears losing his job for speaking out publicly. “I’ve heard agents refer to all Somalis as ‘pirates’ and other ethnic slurs. Others are just hostile to aliens being here breaking the law. It’s not our job to judge.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Top Republicans never like to see their internal party quarrels messily spilled out in public for all to see.
That fact was driven home a few years ago when I heard that Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the party leader, was privately discouraging his fellow Republican senators from sharing their gripes with me on Capitol Hill, an instance he recounted in his recent memoir, “The Long Game.”
“I told my Republican colleagues during the Bush years that if you have a problem you need to talk to Karl Rove, President Bush’s right-hand man, not Carl Hulse, The New York Times’s senior congressional reporter,” he wrote.
Of course, I felt quite a bit different about where lawmakers should take their complaints. But the larger point is that the party’s ingrained instinct to maintain a united front is what is making the current fight over health care so excruciating — and potentially consequential — for many of them.
At this precise moment, Republicans are supposed to be showcasing their ability to get things done, but serious divisions are being painfully exposed and jeopardizing their chance to prove they can actually govern and fulfill one of their chief campaign pledges by overturning the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare.
Failure to repeal the act owing to infighting would be devastating for party leaders and reflect serious weakness if they were unable to enforce discipline at such an early stage of unified Republican government.
It certainly would not bode well for the chances of Republicans getting together on tax overhaul legislation — another top priority where the party has significant differences on major elements — not to mention other big-ticket items coming down the road. Veteran lawmakers know the window of opportunity can slam shut very quickly on Capitol Hill.
At an event hosted by Politico, Mr. McConnell tried to implore his divided colleagues to overlook their policy disputes, which he played down as minor items “around the edges” of the leadership’s health care bill, and get behind the health care proposal for the party’s greater good.
“We need to get into a governing mode and start thinking about actually achieving something rather than just kind of sparring,” Mr. McConnell said.
His comment reflected the reality that many Republicans serving on Capitol Hill are not accustomed to the idea that the legislation they are pushing has a real chance of becoming law, because most of them had held office only while Barack Obama was in the White House.
“I think what you’re seeing is we’re going through the inevitable growing pains of being an opposition party to becoming a governing party,” the House speaker, Paul D. Ryan, said last week. “And in being an opposition party, we have divided government. Sixty-four percent of our members — 64 percent of our members — have never known what it’s like to work with a Republican president, to have unified government. So it’s a new feel.”
That is another way of saying that Republicans suddenly realize they are going to be held accountable for the impact the health legislation will have on their constituents, and it is making many of them very nervous. Up to this point, they have been able to put the blame on Mr. Obama. Now the blame, if there is any, will be directed at them. For many congressional Republicans, this is their first real attempt at enacting major social policy.
Despite obvious disagreements, Republican leaders and President Trump continue to put the best face on things and declare that their legislation is well on its way toward enactment. It is a tried-and-true strategy meant to create the impression that passage is inevitable and lawmakers would be wise to join the winning side. Nothing to see here.
“This is the time we’re going to get it done,” Mr. Trump said Friday at the start of a meeting with Republican congressional leaders. “We’re working together. We have some great results. We have tremendous spirit, and I think it’s something that’s just going to happen very shortly.”
On Thursday, Mr. Trump, quickly adapting to the Republican practice of keeping quiet any intraparty squabbling, said on Twitter that “despite what you hear in the press, health care is coming along great.”
Yet Republicans in the House and Senate say it is currently impossible to predict whether the health care legislation will pass, and warned that it was going to take substantial arm-twisting by Mr. Trump and congressional leaders, particularly given stiff opposition from aggressive interest groups with strong ties to House conservatives.
Some Democrats have pointed to a similar situation in the first years of the Obama administration, when House Democrats swallowed hard and narrowly approved broad climate change legislation only to see the effort die in the Senate without so much as a vote.
The effort cost some House Democrats dearly in what proved to be a suicide mission. Given that history, some House Republicans may not want to commit to the health legislation without assurances that the Senate will follow through and not leave them hanging out there all alone.
All this internal friction has to be maddening to Republicans, like Mr. McConnell, who prefer to keep family feuds hushed up. On the day after the Nov. 8 election, he noted that majority Republicans were enthusiastic about working with the new president, and that “where we have differences of opinion I expect to discuss them privately and not sort of hashing them out in public.”
Well, the differences are very public now, and Republicans have a lot riding on whether they can hash them out successfully.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Roger J. Stone Jr., an off-and-on adviser to President Trump for decades, has acknowledged that he had contact on Twitter with Guccifer 2.0, the mysterious online figure that is believed to be a front for Russian intelligence officials.
It is the first time that someone associated with Mr. Trump has confirmed any type of contact with Guccifer 2.0, which claimed to be a Romanian hacker and took credit for the hacking of the Democratic National Committee.
But Mr. Stone insisted in an interview that the contact had been brief and involved nothing more than the exchange of a few direct messages, well after the party committee had been hacked. “Even if he is a Russian agent, my cursory exchange with him happens after he releases the D.N.C. stuff,” Mr. Stone said on Saturday. “There’s only one exchange with him. I had no further exchanges.”
Mr. Stone said the exchange took place after he had published an article on Aug. 5 on the Breitbart News site about the hacking, which the American government has tied to a Russian effort to meddle in the election. After Guccifer 2.0 had been suspended by Twitter, Mr. Stone posted a message against “censorship,” and he later had what he called an “innocuous” exchange over direct message.
“You would need a time machine in order to collude, and, as I said yesterday, Putin has not yet perfected a time machine,” he said, referring to the Russian president, Vladimir V. Putin.
Mr. Stone had exchanges about the direct messages with the website The Smoking Gun in mid-February; at the time, he said he did not recall the messages. On Friday, two days after the website published an article on the messages, Mr. Stone released screen grabs from his Twitter account to publications, including The Washington Times. It was unclear how The Smoking Gun had become aware of the messages.
American officials have said that Mr. Stone is one of several Trump advisers under scrutiny over their ties to Russia.
In August, Mr. Stone wrote on Twitter that John D. Podesta, Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman, would soon go through his “time in the barrel.” Weeks later, WikiLeaks began publishing a trove of Mr. Podesta’s hacked emails, the daily release of which was seen as damaging to the campaign.
While Mr. Stone said last summer that he had communicated with Julian Assange, the WikiLeaks founder, he later clarified that he had been in contact through an intermediary. WikiLeaks has said it did not receive the email trove from the Russians.
Mr. Stone, a subject of fascination in Republican politics for decades, parted company with the Trump campaign in the summer of 2015. He still advises Mr. Trump at times, and shares the president’s view that Democrats’ allegations of collusion between the campaign and Russia are a smear.
He denied any knowledge of what the hackers were up to before their attacks. “This is a witch hunt,” Mr. Stone said. “It’s the worst form of McCarthyism. Seems as if you’re not for nuclear war with the Russians over Syria, then you must be a traitor.”
American intelligence agencies believe that Guccifer 2.0 was an online persona used by Russia’s military intelligence service, the GRU, to spread emails and other information stolen from the Democratic National Committee.
In an assessment of Russian election meddling released in January, American intelligence agencies said they had “high confidence” that Guccifer 2.0 was a persona through which Russian intelligence officials sought “to release U.S. victim data obtained in cyberoperations publicly and in exclusives to media outlets and related material to WikiLeaks.”
The report, though strongly worded, offers little direct evidence, allowing questions to fester about the precise origins of Guccifer 2.0, and what was known by Mr. Stone and others who dealt with the hackers.
During the campaign, Guccifer 2.0 used social media to invite individual reporters and Republican operatives to request specific caches of documents.
Not long after, reports began circulating that Russia was behind the hacks, and that the materials were being spread as part of a campaign to undercut the candidacy of Mrs. Clinton. Still, that did not stop journalists and Republican operatives from dealing with Guccifer 2.0, and Mr. Stone was hardly alone in having contact with the hackers.



ARTICLE
The call to Preet Bharara’s office from President Trump’s assistant came on Thursday. Would Mr. Bharara, the United States attorney in Manhattan, please call back?
The following day, Mr. Bharara was one of 46 United States attorneys appointed by President Barack Obama asked to resign — and to immediately clean out their offices. The request took many in his office by surprise because, in a meeting in November, Mr. Bharara was asked by the then-president-elect to stay on.
Mr. Bharara refused to resign. On Saturday, he announced on Twitter that he had been fired.
It was unclear whether the president’s call on Thursday was an effort to explain his change of heart about keeping Mr. Bharara or to discuss another matter. The White House would not comment on Saturday.
However, there are protocols governing a president’s direct contact with federal prosecutors. According to two people with knowledge of the events who were not authorized to discuss delicate conversations publicly, Mr. Bharara notified an adviser to the attorney general, Jeff Sessions, that the president had tried to contact him and that he would not respond because of those protocols. Mr. Bharara then called Mr. Trump’s assistant back to say he could not speak with the president, citing the protocols.
Mr. Bharara was a highly public prosecutor who relished the spotlight throughout more than seven years in office. He pursued several high-profile cases involving Wall Street, and he was in the midst of investigating fund-raising by Bill de Blasio, the mayor of New York, and preparing to try former top aides to the governor of New York, Andrew M. Cuomo, who are both Democrats. It was not immediately clear how his departure would affect those cases and others that were pending.
Mr. Bharara stayed quiet until Saturday afternoon. Then, on his personal Twitter account, he wrote: “I did not resign. Moments ago I was fired.” Referring to the Southern District of New York, he continued, “Being the US Attorney in SDNY will forever be the greatest honor of my professional life.”
Peter Carr, a Justice Department spokesman, declined to characterize Mr. Bharara’s departure that way, saying only, “I can confirm that Mr. Bharara is no longer the U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York.”
All presidents choose their own appointees for United States attorney positions and almost always ask those from their predecessors to leave. But the process under Mr. Trump was unusually abrupt, and it was yet another rocky encounter between the Trump administration and the nation’s law enforcement apparatus.
Mr. Bharara’s job had appeared to be secure. In November, he met at Trump Tower with the president-elect and several of his advisers, including Mr. Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, and his chief strategist, Stephen K. Bannon, according to two people briefed on that discussion who requested anonymity.
At the meeting, according to those briefed, Mr. Trump asked Mr. Bharara to remain in the job, which Mr. Bharara relayed to reporters and television cameras in the Trump Tower lobby.
Then came the order to resign on Friday, creating what was described as a feeling of whiplash in the prosecutor’s Manhattan office. One person familiar with the views of current prosecutors described an oddly subdued reaction mixed with anxiety as the events unfolded. “You have a sense of how it’s going to end, and it’s not going to end well,” the person said.
But Mr. Bharara, unlike his fellow United States attorneys, publicly refused to leave. He gave no statement citing a policy or legal issue affecting his decision to refuse the resignation order.
It was unclear how many of the 46 holdovers had submitted resignations. Mr. Bharara’s colleague Robert L. Capers, the United States attorney in Brooklyn, announced his resignation Friday.
Two White House officials, speaking on condition of anonymity to avoid offending the president, said the promise to keep Mr. Bharara on was a product of a chaotic transition process and Mr. Trump’s desire at the time to try to work with Senator Chuck Schumer, Democrat of New York, with whom Mr. Bharara is close. The relationship between Mr. Trump and Mr. Schumer, the Senate minority leader, has since soured.
It was Dana Boente, the acting deputy attorney general, who called Mr. Bharara on Saturday. According to a Justice Department official, Mr. Boente told Mr. Bharara that he was one of the 46 United States attorneys being told to resign.
Mr. Bharara, the official said, replied that that was in conflict with Mr. Trump asking him to stay on. Mr. Boente reiterated that Mr. Bharara was being asked to resign, and Mr. Bharara said that he was interpreting that as being fired. Mr. Boente then said again that the department was asking him to step down, according to the official.
Mr. Bharara’s office is overseeing the case against the former aides to Mr. Cuomo and the inquiry into fund-raising by Mr. de Blasio, who has been a target of Mr. Trump’s ire as he has positioned himself as a vocal opponent of the president’s on the left.
His office is also overseeing an investigation into whether Fox News, which is owned by the media magnate Rupert Murdoch, failed to properly alert shareholders of settlements with female employees who had accused the channel’s former chief, Roger Ailes, of sexual harassment.
The investigation of Mr. de Blasio’s campaign fund-raising has been going on for about a year and is examining whether the mayor or his aides traded beneficial city action for political donations. Mr. de Blasio was interviewed recently by prosecutors who appeared to be in the final stages of determining whether to seek charges in the matter. Mr. de Blasio’s press secretary has said that the mayor has cooperated with Mr. Bharara’s inquiry and that he and his staff had “acted appropriately and well within the law.”
White House officials have said little about the timing of the mass push for resignations, other than insisting it had not been a response to a call for a purge on Fox News, where one host, Sean Hannity, urged the president to clean house at the Justice Department.
Phil Singer, a former aide to Mr. Schumer and a Democratic strategist, called it “absurd” to suggest that Mr. Bharara’s firing had been meant to punish Mr. Schumer. He noted that any investigation involving Trump Tower would fall within the purview of Mr. Bharara’s office.
The Southern District of New York, which Mr. Bharara has overseen since 2009, encompasses Manhattan, Mr. Trump’s home before he was elected president, as well as the Bronx, Westchester County and other counties north of New York City.
The Thursday afternoon phone call from the Oval Office was a curious sidelight to the fast-moving events. Mr. Trump’s assistant asked the prosecutor to return the call. Before doing so, Mr. Bharara called Mr. Sessions’s chief of staff, Jody Hunt, to alert the Justice Department to the call and express concern about contacts between presidents and federal prosecutors.
Aides to Mr. Trump did not respond to three emails seeking comment about the nature of Mr. Trump’s call to Mr. Bharara.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Henry A. Kissinger slipped into the State Department last week for a quiet lunch in his old office with Rex W. Tillerson, the former Exxon Mobil chief executive, who has all but covered himself in a cloak of invisibility in his first six weeks as secretary of state.
Describing his impressions, Mr. Kissinger, perhaps America’s most famous diplomatic strategist, chose his words judiciously. “The normal tendency when you come into that job is to increase your visibility and to show that you are present and in charge,” he said in an interview. “He wanted to first inform himself of all the nuances. I was impressed by the confidence and self-assurance that he showed.”
But in the Washington of Donald J. Trump, where foreign policy proclamations often appear first on Twitter, and where White House advisers are still battling for dominance, this approach can be seen as brilliant, mystifying or a prescription for powerlessness.
Mr. Tillerson has skipped every opportunity to define his views or give guidance to American diplomats abroad, limiting himself to terse, scripted statements, taking no questions from reporters and offering no public protest when the White House proposed cutting the State Department budget by 37 percent without first consulting him.
He suffered in silence, State Department officials said, when President Trump called, in a matter-of-fact way, to reject Mr. Tillerson’s choice for deputy secretary of state. He has been absent from the White House meetings with key world leaders, and when the State Department issued its annual report on human rights — usually a major moment for the United States to stand up against repression around the world — he skipped the announcement.
Defenders say Mr. Tillerson has been accomplishing far more behind the scenes, including arranging for the first trip of a Saudi foreign minister to Iraq in more than a quarter-century — his first foray into the sinkhole of Middle East politics.
“He’s already developing plans to begin ratcheting back Putin’s nefarious behavior,” Senator Bob Corker, the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said in an interview — steps that would represent the first known effort by the new administration to face off against President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia.
“He’s won status and respect of the president, of McMaster, and talks all the time to Jared,” the senator said, referring to the national security adviser, Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster, and Jared Kushner, Mr. Trump’s son-in-law, who has emerged as a prominent voice on American foreign policy.
“He doesn’t mind at all that these stories are being written about him being missing,” Mr. Corker, a Tennessee Republican, said about Mr. Tillerson. “When he’s ready to talk, you will be very highly impressed.”
On Tuesday, Mr. Tillerson will leave for his first truly fraught diplomatic mission: a trip to Japan, South Korea and China, at a moment when open conflict with North Korea is a growing possibility, and when the administration is planning Mr. Trump’s first meeting with President Xi Jinping of China. The trip is so vital that the “principals” committee of the National Security Council is set to convene on Monday to discuss the North Korean threat and how to deal with China, so that Mr. Tillerson speaks from a consensus strategy.
But do not expect to hear much about that strategy from the secretary before he arrives in Asia: The State Department has told reporters that they cannot ride on the plane. The decision appears to be unprecedented for a major diplomatic trip — even four decades ago, when Mr. Kissinger was conducting shuttle diplomacy in the Middle East and opening up China, he was delivering spin to reporters on the plane and offering up diplomatic tutorials.
“All his predecessors have traveled with press,” said R. Nicholas Burns, who served as spokesman, ambassador and under secretary of state in both Republican and Democratic administrations. Failing to do so, he noted, creates the risk that the secretary of state will be defined by the country he is visiting — especially a place like China.
Within the State Department, Mr. Tillerson, 64, got off to a promising start with a warm, humble greeting to staff members in the drab headquarters’ flag-draped foyer on his first day on the job. He talked about his upbringing and his wife’s belief that he had been preparing for this job his whole life, even if he had not known it.
But few have heard from him since. Those who have say they regard him as an impressive manager who knows how to run a crisp meeting, take in a variety of views and give little away about his own.
“He forces everyone to boil their memos down to a page or two, so they really have to think about what their message is,” said one official who has dealt with him frequently in recent weeks. “He’s already met with two of the most important Chinese officials. He knows a lot about some countries many secretaries don’t know about,” including Indonesia and others that have energy assets. He understands what embassies do, because Exxon Mobil often relied on them for help.
But he is also introverted, a bit standoffish. He never met in person with John Kerry, his predecessor. “These guys came in to drain the swamp,” one career State Department official said, “and it’s clear that they are under orders not to cooperate or deal with swamp creatures.”
So, for thousands in the State Department, Mr. Tillerson has come to be viewed as the phantom of Foggy Bottom, scarcely glimpsed and known mostly for his directives to wipe out some of the department’s top jobs.
Longtime career officials who expected to stay in their jobs or remain long enough to show their successors the ropes were ousted in Mr. Tillerson’s first two weeks. He is talking to members of Congress about further cuts, and while there are plenty of opportunities in a department that has not exactly embraced technological change, the major reductions proposed by the administration are a nonstarter with many lawmakers.
The biggest concern among diplomats and many in Congress is that when Mr. Trump talks about bolstering America’s commitment to its national security, he does not have diplomacy in mind. Longtime diplomats often cite — or email to reporters — a line uttered four years ago by the new defense secretary, Jim Mattis, when he was in charge of Central Command.
“If you don’t fund the State Department fully, then I need to buy more ammunition,” Mr. Mattis said at the time. As one diplomat who has met frequently with Mr. Tillerson since he took office noted recently, “Rex clearly agrees with that. He just won’t say it.”
(A senior State Department official said Mr. Tillerson did say it, to Mr. Trump, over dinner a little more than a week ago.)
On his first trip, to Europe, Mr. Tillerson went out of his way to reassure allies of the United States’ commitment to NATO, doing little to repeat the “America First” notion that Mr. Trump has promoted. In Asia, Mr. Tillerson is scheduled to visit the Demilitarized Zone on the border with North Korea, and it seems almost unimaginable that he would repeat Mr. Trump’s warning as a candidate that the United States may pull back from the region.
So why is the man many in the State Department call T. Rex so quiet? Secretaries of state from both parties have relished their role as chief spokesman for American values.
Madeleine K. Albright made her name describing the United States as the “indispensable nation” that needed to intervene in the Balkans. Colin L. Powell took the lead in making the case for invading Iraq (words he later regretted). Hillary Clinton, under President Barack Obama, highlighted human and women’s rights in particular. Mr. Kerry narrated his own role as relentless negotiator, sometimes using background briefings to read aloud from copious handwritten notes he had taken while haggling over the Iran nuclear deal and the removal of chemical weapons from Syria. In indiscreet moments, he talked about his differences of view, mostly on Syria, with Mr. Obama.
There are several theories about Mr. Tillerson’s reticence.
One is that his silence is highly strategic: He wants to cement key relationships in private, make sure he is aligned with a mercurial president and let the policy process at the National Security Council play out before making any grand pronouncements.
The second is that he is waiting for the battles at the White House to burn out. In short, he wants to sidestep Stephen K. Bannon, the president’s top strategist, who believes that China’s rise can be halted and that Iran should be vigorously confronted, and work with Mr. Mattis, Mr. Kushner and Mr. McMaster. Mr. Corker said that “he’s already reached an agreement with Mattis to come to agreement and present ideas together,” something that Condoleezza Rice and Mrs. Clinton often did with their defense counterpart, Robert M. Gates.
The third is that he sees the job as more akin to what he did at Exxon Mobil: Cut your deals, say as little as possible and take the heat.
One of the first tests may come in the arena of human rights, where he caused alarm during his confirmation hearings in January by declining to criticize the killings ordered by the Philippine president, Rodrigo Duterte, in an antidrug campaign.
Speaking out against repression has always been fraught; Mr. Kerry often danced around the topic when visiting Egypt. But Mr. Tillerson took up the issue on a recent call with Senator Benjamin L. Cardin, Democrat of Maryland, who was pressing him to link arms sales to Bahrain — home of the Fifth Fleet of the United States Navy — to measurable human rights improvements.
“When we get the notifications of arms sales, it will be interesting to see if he has something to say on the issues we talked about,” Mr. Cardin said in an interview. He attributed some of Mr. Tillerson’s problems to the fact that “he doesn’t have his team in place.”
“Having a subcabinet to back up your views,” Mr. Cardin added, “gives you the confidence to be more direct.”
Clearly, Mr. Tillerson will not have much of a staff for a while; not a single under secretary or assistant secretary — the people who make the policy wheels turn — has been nominated, and only a couple of ambassadors have been named.
Some say the problem is not with Mr. Tillerson, but those he works for.
“Rex Tillerson is off to a slow start, but the White House is partly to blame,” said Richard Haass, the president of the Council on Foreign Relations, whom the administration briefly considered for a top post. “The president needs to give the secretary the staff he wants; protect, not decimate, his budget; and make clear to the world that it is the secretary and no one else who speaks for the administration when it comes to foreign policy.”
Mr. Kissinger, at 93, is philosophical about most things, including Mr. Tillerson. “I would expect that as foreign policy evolves, Rex Tillerson will become an increasingly prominent exponent of it,” he said. “When I first came to Washington” as national security adviser to President Richard M. Nixon, “you would find me mentioned in The New York Times maybe 10 times.”
A computer index suggests that the actual number in his first year was around 228, but who’s counting? Mr. Tillerson, in a sign of progress, has already exceeded that figure this year.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump and House Republicans are pressing forward with a high-risk strategy to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, disregarding the views of medical professionals and potentially imperiling the party’s political future in conservative states where many voters stand to lose their health care.
The effort could cause upheaval in an already roiled insurance market next year, as Republicans face voters for the first time with Mr. Trump in the White House — though that turmoil would happen only if the plans manage to clear a divided Senate.
Mr. Trump is showing only a tenuous grasp of the legislative process and mercurial leadership in rounding up support. But Republicans who spent seven years promising to scrap President Barack Obama’s signature domestic achievement say their strategy is worth the risk.
“If you ask someone to give up something, there will be resentment,” said Representative Michael C. Burgess, Republican of Texas and chairman of the Energy and Commerce subcommittee on health. But, he added, “If that claims my congressional career, so be it. It will be worth it to me to have effected this change.”
The risks mounted steadily throughout this past week. The insurance and health care industry cited likely damage to medical coverage for millions of Americans. Conservatives fought the bill on the grounds that it did too little to reduce subsidies. And House leaders moved forward even though the influential Congressional Budget Office has yet to assess the costs or effectiveness of the plan.
Ultimately, Republicans are counting on Democrats to step in and help repair what even Republicans anticipate as upheaval if a repeal measure is passed without a broad remake of American health care.
Republican leaders have made no effort to hide the strategy. House Speaker Paul D. Ryan spoke at length this past week about a three-stage effort: First, with only Republican votes, repeal major parts of the health law and put in place some new provisions. Second, let Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price use regulatory powers to try to stabilize insurance markets. Third, pressure Democrats to help with a series of bills to complete the replacement and change the health care system more to the liking of conservatives.
But that bet carries enormous peril for consumers and insurers — and congressional Republicans and the Trump administration.
Democrats, eyeing potential turmoil in the run-up to the 2018 midterm elections, have little political reason to cooperate. “One thing is clear,” said the House Democratic whip, Representative Steny Hoyer of Maryland. “House Republicans are going to have to find the votes on their own to dismantle the protections incorporated in the Affordable Care Act that the American people now have.”
A growing chorus of Republican policy experts and senators are pleading to slow the process down or risk a political blood bath.
But Republican leaders and Mr. Trump appear to be laying the groundwork for blaming the law they are annulling for the fallout likely to come in the repeal’s wake.
Mr. Trump asserted on Friday that 2017 would be “a disaster” for the health law. “That’s the year it was meant to explode, because Obama won’t be here,” he said, adding that “as bad as it is now, it’ll get even worse.” On Saturday, he took to Twitter: “ObamaCare is imploding and will only get worse. Republicans coming together to get job done!” And Vice President Mike Pence traveled to Louisville, Ky., on Saturday to assure residents that “the Obamacare nightmare is about to end.”
What is clear is that 2018 — a year that Republicans say will be messy — will loom large for them as they move toward a vote on the measure. But Republicans say that gives them nearly a year of time, since people will experience few changes with their health care in 2017.
Under the proposed House legislation, individuals would no longer be subject to a penalty if they go without health insurance, a politically popular change that would be retroactive to 2016. But they would still enjoy the protections of the Affordable Care Act: Insurers would have to offer a suite of essential health benefits, could not deny them coverage because of pre-existing conditions and could not impose annual or lifetime caps on coverage.
Insurers would be free to raise their premiums to meet these requirements, but because current policies are locked in for the year, voters would not see the effects until 2018. If young, healthy Americans flee the market, freed from the mandate, premiums could soar next year.
Insurers say this is a recipe for havoc. Eliminating the penalties used to enforce the mandate that most Americans have insurance “would add to short-term instability in the market,” said Marilyn B. Tavenner, the chief executive of America’s Health Insurance Plans, a lobby for insurers.
Instead of the current tax penalty for failing to secure coverage, the bill would introduce a penalty for purchasing insurance after letting coverage lapse: To encourage people to maintain “continuous coverage,” insurers would impose a 30 percent surcharge on premiums for people without coverage for 63 days or more.
But that provision would not take effect until 2019 — again leaving 2018 unprotected.
All of that has created immense uncertainty for insurers, which have until June 21 to notify the government if they intend to participate in the federal insurance marketplace next year.
“The current uncertainty makes it difficult to assess what our product offerings for 2018 might be,” said Roy D. Vaughn, a senior vice president of BlueCross BlueShield of Tennessee, which has lost more than $400 million in the federal insurance exchange in the last three years. “All options are on the table for 2018.”
For all those worries, the Republicans’ repeal campaign did gain momentum this past week as two House committees approved the legislation, with the full House expected to take it up later this month. Mr. Trump praised the legislation, even as it was harshly criticized by doctors, hospitals, insurers and state officials, who said it could increase the number of uninsured and destabilize insurance markets. The Congressional Budget Office is expected to render its verdict on the legislation this coming week, with an estimate of the bill’s costs and its effect on coverage. Republicans are bracing for bad news.
Deep Banerjee, who follows insurers for Standard & Poor’s, estimated that the Republican plan would reduce enrollment in the individual market by two million to four million people and in the Medicaid market by four million to six million. Brookings Institution analysts predicted that the budget office would expect the bill to cause the number of uninsured to rise by at least 15 million.
“Republicans do not currently have the votes to pass their health care bill in the House,” said Kim Monk, a health care analyst at Capital Alpha Partners, a policy research firm for investors. But she sees a 60 percent likelihood that they will clear that hurdle.
“Republicans campaigned on ‘repeal and replace,”’ said Ms. Monk, a former Senate aide. “If they do not deliver, the Affordable Care Act will stay in place, and Republicans would pay a price in the next election.”
The bill may need to move to the right to get through the House, where a formidable bloc of conservatives wants more aggressive steps to rein in the growth of Medicaid. But to win approval in the Senate, the bill may have to move in the opposite direction — to satisfy more moderate Republicans and those from states that have expanded Medicaid, like Ohio and Colorado. At the same time, three Republican senators — Ted Cruz of Texas, Mike Lee of Utah and Rand Paul of Kentucky — will be tugging the bill to the right.
The Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, is determined to secure repeal of the Affordable Care Act, which he has called “the single worst piece of legislation that has been passed in the last half-century.”
But several provisions of the bill, including proposed cuts in Medicaid, face resistance from health care providers, especially hospitals, which are present in virtually every congressional district and plan an all-out lobbying campaign. In addition, Democrats are gaining some traction with their argument that the bill acts like Robin Hood in reverse, taking health insurance from the poor and giving tax breaks to the rich.
On the other hand, Mr. Trump has successfully defied conventional wisdom before. His Twitter-fueled ability to command a spotlight could be a formidable asset as Republican leaders try to collect votes for the health care bill.
For health policy experts, liberal and conservative, the rush to enact a measure that even its authors concede is incomplete is dangerous. On Friday, two conservative critics of the Affordable Care Act, Joseph Antos and James C. Capretta, urged Republicans to slow down and get their health legislation right.
“While the emphasis on moving quickly is not surprising, there is also a significant risk that unnecessary haste could lead to major mistakes in the legislation that would generate strong political backlash,” wrote Mr. Antos and Mr. Capretta, scholars at the American Enterprise Institute. “The A.C.A. has extended insurance coverage to millions of people with expensive health problems, and to many lower-income households. Acknowledging this is not the same thing as saying the A.C.A. should not be changed.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — A man carrying a backpack jumped over a fence and got within several steps of the White House before being arrested late Friday, the Secret Service said. The intrusion, the first reported since President Trump took office, came as the president was inside the residence.
A Secret Service official said the intruder did not pose a threat to Mr. Trump. But the breach was more serious than most other cases of fence-jumping at the White House: The man was able to elude multiple layers of security before being stopped near the entrance at the South Portico.
The intruder, identified as Jonathan Tuan-Anh Tran, 26, of Milpitas, Calif., was charged with entering a restricted area “while using or carrying a dangerous weapon.” The Secret Service official said that he was not armed and that his backpack did not contain any hazardous materials, but that he was carrying two cans of pepper spray.
When confronted by the officer who arrested him, Mr. Tran said, “I am a friend of the president. I have an appointment,” according to a court document filed in the case. The officer said Mr. Tran was wearing a hooded jacket or sweater.
In addition to the pepper spray, Mr. Tran was carrying an American passport, an Apple laptop, a book by Mr. Trump and a letter to the president, in which he referred to “Russian Hackers.” In the letter, Mr. Tran said that he had been followed, that his phone calls and emails had been intercepted, and that he had “been called schizophrenic.”
Speaking to reporters on Saturday at a meeting of cabinet members at Trump National Golf Club in Sterling, Va., Mr. Trump said the “Secret Service did a fantastic job last night.” He described Mr. Tran as a “troubled person.”
The Secret Service said in a statement that at about 11:38 p.m., “an individual scaled the outer perimeter fence by the Treasury Building and East Executive Avenue,” adding, “Secret Service Uniformed Division officers arrested the individual on the south grounds without further incident.”
But the court document suggested that Mr. Tran had been able to walk unimpeded alongside the residence until he nearly reached the entrance at the South Portico. The east side of the White House is where guests enter the building for social events. It is separated from the Treasury Department by a fence.
Mr. Tran had no criminal record and no history with the Secret Service, the official said. Officers searched the north and south grounds of the White House and found nothing amiss.
Security at the White House became a major issue in 2014, when there were several cases of intruders scaling the fence and entering the grounds. In one episode, a man carrying a knife, Omar J. Gonzalez, managed to overpower a Secret Service agent inside the North Portico entrance and run through the ceremonial East Room before he was tackled.
The Secret Service came under criticism because in its initial account of the episode, officials indicated that Mr. Gonzalez had made it only steps inside the North Portico after running through the door. The fuller account emerged from Representative Jason Chaffetz, Republican of Utah and chairman of a subcommittee that investigated the breach.
The National Capital Planning Commission recently approved plans for the Secret Service to install a stronger and higher perimeter fence around the White House. In 2015, the Secret Service added spikes to the top of the fence on the north and south sides of the grounds as a temporary deterrent.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — One evening last month, a small group of Republican lawmakers — all of them women — were summoned to the Roosevelt Room of the White House for a private meeting.
Awaiting the lawmakers was a figure who has no formal role in the administration but is quietly striving to become a policy force: Ivanka Trump. For more than an hour, the women talked about how to advance legislation on child care and family leave. Surrounded by senior White House advisers, Ms. Trump controlled most of the discussion, several attendees said.
The meeting was one of many ways that Ms. Trump has been working with Republicans to advance a policy agenda all her own, one focused on helping young mothers. The effort has placed her in an exceptional, and possibly sticky, position — working on issues traditionally championed by Democrats by forging alliances with Republican women.
In the process, Ms. Trump has quickly gotten an education in the art of the possible in Washington, where efforts on the issues dear to her have been stymied in recent years by partisan disagreements and general inertia.
While Ms. Trump has been a frequent presence in the Trump White House — she has had a place at the table as President Trump has met with diplomats, chief executives and government officials — she is now taking an active role in the fight to reduce the crippling costs of child care. During the campaign, she persuaded her father to make a vow to do just that.
She has gone to Capitol Hill to meet with female lawmakers to discuss child care issues and invited two Republican senators, Deb Fischer of Nebraska and Susan Collins of Maine, to sit at her table at the White House for a lunch this past week to honor women. She recently met with Senator Bob Corker, Republican of Tennessee, to talk about modern-day slavery.
“She has the ear of the president,” said Senator Shelley Moore Capito, Republican of West Virginia, who attended the White House meeting with other Republican women. “She’s a young mother, she wants to help young mothers in the work force, and I think she can be a good voice here.”
Ms. Trump, 35, faces a difficult challenge as she tries to use that voice to span the deep divides between Republicans and Democrats on these issues. Republican women in Congress, who often work at the fringe of their party on federal child care matters, have still found themselves shunned by Democrats who dismiss their child care and income equality proposals as insufficient.
In the past, Ms. Trump was aligned with people like Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, Democrat of New York, who currently has a bill that would provide workers with up to 12 weeks of partial income when they take time off to have babies or take care of sick members of their family. That proposal, rejected by most Republicans, would be paid for through employer payroll contribution increases.
The Trump administration’s proposal originally focused only on birth mothers and would have been paid for through savings found in the unemployment insurance program. Both parties found that plan untenable because its beneficiaries were too limited and its funding was too uncertain.
Now, Trump administration officials are contemplating a plan that would provide both mothers and fathers — adoptive and biological — with a leave that would be financed in another way, possibly through the tax increase preferred by Democrats or another option to be determined with Congress.
The administration also wants to promote dependent care savings accounts that allow up to $2,000 in tax-free contributions annually for qualified child care and elderly care expenses, with a 50 percent federal match on the first $1,000 in contributions for low-income earners.
Another plan would expand the child and dependent care credit, increasing the per-child benefit and allowing the benefit for up to four children. It would also make the credit refundable for low-income households, meaning the government would write a check for the amount beyond what a taxpayer owes in federal income taxes. An increase in the child tax credit for pre-school-age children is also under consideration. These benefits would not be available to upper-income households.
Perhaps the toughest test is changing the tax code to ease the burdens on two-income families. As Ms. Trump enters the legislative fray, she hopes to influence not only child care policies that the federal government has avoided, but also the impending debate over tax reform.
“One of the important elements of this plan revises the current tax code to eliminate the disincentive for re-entry into the work force,” Ms. Trump said.
She continued, “Women, who are disproportionately most likely to step out of the work force to provide unpaid care, often lack the ability to return to work because it can be hard to rationalize stepping back into the work force and incurring the enormous expense of child care when you are also making less than the primary earner in your home yet taxed at the highest household rate.”
American working families typically spend almost 30 percent of their after-tax income on child care, compared with 10 percent or less in many other Western nations. But the issue has not received the attention from lawmakers that high college tuition, homeownership and health care costs have gotten.
“Ivanka is putting these issues on the table,” said Mark Weinberger, the chief executive of EY, a professional services firm, and a member of Mr. Trump’s Strategic and Policy Forum.
Republicans have long preferred more modest measures. Ms. Fischer, along with Senator Angus King, an independent from Maine, has a child care bill that would create a tax credit for businesses that offer at least two weeks of paid family leave per year, in hourly or daily increments. That is intended to favor hourly workers.
Employers would receive a nonrefundable tax credit equal to 25 percent of what they pay employees during their leave, up to $3,000 per worker. The two have had trouble advancing the bill because of a lack of interest among Republicans and criticism from Democrats that it is too limited.
“If Republicans think they can get away with offering workers window dressing in response to huge problems like the astronomically high cost of child care or the fact that so many parents still can’t take a day to care for a sick child without losing pay, they are sorely mistaken,” said Senator Patty Murray, Democrat of Washington.
Republican women hope they can have a meeting of the minds with Ms. Trump.
“Senator King and I are both really pragmatic about this,” Ms. Fischer said. “We need to address this problem in a way that doesn’t hurt other families. For mom-and-pop-type businesses, it is harder for them to offer paid leave.”
Lawmakers are curious: Will Ms. Trump move toward Democrats who have long pushed more far-reaching plans, or cotton to the possible?
Mr. King said Ms. Trump could be a bridge to the middle. “My interest is in getting something done that will help people,” he said. “It may not be as far as some people would like — that’s called a compromise.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — They agreed just a week ago to the terms of a House Intelligence Committee investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election. But now some of the panel’s Democrats are warning that they may pull their support for the inquiry if it becomes mired in party-line politics.
When that might happen is unclear, and Democrats know that the current moment of even tentative comity on the Republican-controlled panel may offer their best chance for scrutinizing links between people close to President Trump and Russian officials.
Still, Democrats are bracing for fights over subpoenaing witnesses and documents — including, possibly, Mr. Trump’s tax returns — since Republicans have balked at an outside, independent inquiry into what intelligence officials say was an unprecedented intrusion into an American election by a foreign power.
“I’m not going to be part of a dog-and-pony show that is not a serious effort to do an investigation because this is really serious,” said Representative Jackie Speier, Democrat of California. “If it’s not a legitimate and comprehensive and in-depth investigation, why would we be party to it?”
Ms. Speier said the committee’s Democrats — all nine of whom were interviewed by The New York Times — would not hesitate, “under certain circumstances,” to pull their support.
Democrats are already wary of moves by the committee’s chairman, Representative Devin Nunes, Republican of California, to undercut the purported Russian connection. Mr. Nunes has belittled news stories about the Russian links of Mr. Trump’s associates and has pledged — along with Senator Richard M. Burr, the North Carolina Republican who leads the Senate Intelligence Committee — to examine Mr. Trump’s accusations, made without evidence, that President Barack Obama ordered surveillance of Trump Tower.
Mr. Nunes was a prominent supporter of Mr. Trump’s campaign and served on the administration’s transition team.
So far, some Democrats on the House panel said, Mr. Nunes had been receptive to many of their requests in the inquiry. “Most of us would agree that there’s no way we’re participating in any form of cover-up or whitewash, so we will walk away if the moment requires,” said Representative Jim Himes, Democrat of Connecticut. “But we’re certainly not there yet.”
Representative Adam B. Schiff of California, the committee’s top Democrat, said it was unclear whether the panel could conduct a credible investigation, ideally resulting in a single, bipartisan report on its findings. Along with Mr. Nunes, Mr. Schiff is among the so-called Gang of Eight congressional leaders who receive classified intelligence briefings.
“If we get to the point at any time where I feel we can’t do that, where there are legitimate lines of investigation that are being walled off, then I will say so,” Mr. Schiff told reporters this week.
Democrats expect the first major test of the investigation — and Mr. Nunes’s stewardship — to come on March 20, when the committee holds its first public hearing. An initial list of invited witnesses included James B. Comey, the F.B.I. director; James R. Clapper Jr., the director of national intelligence under Mr. Obama; and Sally Q. Yates, the former acting attorney general who was fired by the Trump administration after refusing to defend the president’s first travel ban.
Absent from the witness list was Michael T. Flynn, Mr. Trump’s first national security adviser, who resigned after it was revealed that he had misled Vice President Mike Pence and other White House officials about his conversations with the Russian ambassador. Though Mr. Nunes emphasized it was only an early list, he referred to Mr. Flynn as “a tangent,” portraying him as more of a victim of the intelligence leaks Mr. Nunes is seeking to investigate than a target of the inquiry.
“From everything that I can see, his conversations with the Russian ambassador, he was doing this country a favor, and he should be thanked for it,” Mr. Nunes said.
Mr. Nunes may need to tread cautiously to avoid the perception of crossing the line from impartial moderator to advocate. He has said the issue of whether Trump Tower was under surveillance during the campaign was well within the scope of the inquiry, and has denied that he added it after the president demanded that Congress investigate.
With a tight smile, Mr. Schiff said he welcomed the opportunity to disprove Mr. Trump’s accusation. But some Democrats fumed at the idea that the panel’s work could give credence to it. Should the issue not be put to rest quickly, Ms. Speier said, “it would call into question the entire investigation.”
Several Democrats said they expected their desire to compel certain witnesses to testify to stoke friction among Republicans. But a flash point could come if Democrats press to subpoena Mr. Trump’s tax returns, a move that could scuttle the entire inquiry.
Democrats have favored an outside, independent investigation, but many of them see the panel’s inquiry as the best they can do. And they are keenly aware that by pulling their support, they would sacrifice their roles in an investigation some see as among the most important of their time in public service.
“It’s a big jump to pull out of this investigation, no matter how bad it is,” said Representative Mike Quigley, Democrat of Illinois. “Because whatever truth you can bleed out of this thing, the better off you are.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — More than 130 members of America’s foreign policy establishment denounced President Trump’s revised travel ban on Friday as just as damaging to the United States’ interests and reputation as his original order that halted refugees and froze travelers from predominantly Muslim countries.
In a letter to Mr. Trump, the former government officials and experts said even the scaled-back order will “weaken U.S. security and undermine U.S. global leadership.” And they said it continues to signal to Muslim allies that — as the Islamic State and other extremist propaganda profess — the United States is an enemy of Islam.
Several of the 134 signatories served in both Republican and Democratic administrations, including R. Nicholas Burns, who was on the National Security Council staff and a senior diplomat during President Bill Clinton’s administration before becoming under secretary of state for President George W. Bush; Richard A. Clarke, the National Security Council counterterrorism coordinator for Mr. Bush and Mr. Clinton; and John E. McLaughlin, the deputy C.I.A. director for Mr. Clinton and acting C.I.A. director for Mr. Bush.
But the vast majority of those who signed the letter — including Madeleine Albright and John Kerry, the former secretaries of state; Michèle A. Flournoy, the former under secretary of defense; and Susan E. Rice, the former national security adviser — rose to senior security jobs in government under Democratic presidents.
Their argument mirrors one also being made by states that claim the revised travel ban discriminates against Muslims and will hurt businesses and universities.
A week after taking office, Mr. Trump issued an executive order to suspend the nation’s refugee program as well as travel from seven predominantly Muslim countries to give the government time to install rigid security vetting of immigrants. The order created chaos at American airports nationwide and was blocked by a federal appeals court.
This week, the Trump administration issued a new order that slightly scaled back the original ban but is still considered a significant hardening of American immigration policy.
“Bans like those included in this order are harmful to U.S. national security and beneath the dignity of our great nation,” said the letter, which also was sent to Attorney General Jeff Sessions, Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson, Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis, Secretary of Homeland Security John F. Kelly and Michael P. Dempsey, the acting director of national intelligence.
“The revised executive order is damaging to the strategic and national security interests of the United States,” the letter said.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The Marine Corps’ top officer on Friday urged female Marines whose intimate photos were secretly shared by a members-only Facebook group of active-duty and retired Marines to come forward and cooperate with military investigators.
“I understand why that might be a bit of a reach for them right now,” said Gen. Robert B. Neller, the Marine Corps commandant, during a Pentagon news conference. “The only way that there’s going to be accountability in this, is if somebody comes forward and tells us what happened to them.”
The Marine Corps has been rocked by disclosures that an all-male, invitation-only group called Marines United shared thousands of nude and other private photos of Marine Corps women.
As reports spread that illicit images may have also been shared on other social media sites, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis has harshly criticized such violations of privacy and betrayals of trust, and has signaled that he will hold military and civilian officials accountable for cracking down on the abuses.
“The purported actions of civilian and military personnel on social media websites, including some associated with the Marines United group and possibly others, represent egregious violations of the fundamental values we uphold at the Department of Defense,” Mr. Mattis said in a statement.
“The chain of command is taking all appropriate action to investigate potential misconduct and to maintain good order and discipline throughout our armed forces,” he added. “Lack of respect for the dignity and humanity of fellow members of the Department of Defense is unacceptable and counter to unit cohesion. We will not excuse or tolerate such behavior if we are to uphold our values and maintain our ability to defeat the enemy on the battlefield.”
Most of the focus has fallen on the Marine Corps — not only because of the Facebook group, but also its warrior culture and the fact that it has the smallest percentage of women among the services.
The Naval Criminal Investigative Service has begun an investigation into the site.
Investigating the abuse, however, will require the Marines to win the trust of women whose photos and personal details were posted in the group. So far, fewer than 10 women have taken their complaints to the Marines, General Neller said.
And despite General Neller’s call for cooperation from the victims, it remained unclear how many women were even aware their photos were posted, since the site was members-only and now has been taken down.
General Neller said he was establishing a task force to examine what institutional changes need to be made to training and policy to combat the “subculture that may have given rise to this.” He said the task force would include female Marines.
“I’m not going to lay this off on anybody else, on the society or anybody else,” he said. “This is our problem and I own it. We own it.”
He also pledged to any women who lodged complaints that “the chain of command is obligated and required by order, rule and regulation and by my direct directions to make sure that they’re protected.”
General Neller has a long military record, including service in the invasion of Panama, operations in Haiti and in the war in Iraq. But he has little familiarity with Facebook or direct experience with social media — which he acknowledged might have made him slow to respond to the problem of misogynist websites.
“I don’t have a Facebook page; I don’t do social media,” he said. “I’m generationally challenged here, all right.”
The Marines also took action on another front: allegations of physical abuse by drill instructors at Parris Island, the training center in South Carolina.
On Friday, the service announced that it would hold a preliminary hearing next Thursday to determine whether charges should proceed against a gunnery sergeant in relation to the death of a Muslim recruit.
Raheel Siddiqui, 20, died last March after falling three stories from a stairwell at the training depot at Parris Island.
An earlier investigation into the case found that on March 18, Mr. Siddiqui gave a note to an instructor before breakfast, asking to go to sick call because he “coughed blood a few times last night” and “completely lost his voice and can barely whisper.”
The instructor yelled at Mr. Siddiqui and made him do sprints the length of the barracks, which are known in the Marine Corps as squad bays.
Mr. Siddiqui, crying, collapsed, holding his throat, at which point the instructor slapped him in the face loud enough that it could be heard throughout the squad bay, according to the report. After being hit, Mr. Siddiqui got up, ran out of the barracks, and jumped into a stairwell, falling 38 feet. He was pronounced dead a few hours later.
While investigators ruled his death a suicide, they noted a pattern of abuse and hazing in training.
The sergeant’s name has not been released.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump’s point man on Israeli-Palestinian negotiations is a longtime Trump Organization lawyer with no government or diplomatic experience. His liaison to African-American leaders is a former reality-TV villain with a penchant for résumé inflation. And his Oval Office gatekeeper is a bullet-headed former New York City cop best known for smacking a protester on the head.
Every president sweeps into office with a coterie of friends and hangers-on who sometimes have minimal experience in the arcana of the federal government. But few have arrived with a contingent more colorful and controversial than that of Mr. Trump, whose White House is peppered with assistants and advisers whose principal qualification is their long friendship with Mr. Trump and his family.
There is Jason Greenblatt, the former Trump Organization lawyer, whose portfolio now includes peace in the West Bank, international trade deals and relations with Cuba. Omarosa Manigault, whose star turn on “The Apprentice” propelled the show’s breakout first season, is now among about two dozen aides with the rank of assistant to the president — and one of the few with walk-in privileges for the Oval Office.
Most other staff members must go through Keith Schiller, who rose from part-time security guard at the Trump Organization to its director of security. Mr. Schiller is now the director of Oval Office operations, controlling physical access to a president whose whims and frustrations routinely send aides throughout the building scurrying to deflect, defend and justify.
The influence of longtime Trump friends and associates — some of them with vague portfolios — comes as a leadership void has been created by the Trump administration’s slow pace in filling top jobs in many agencies. It has also added to the confusion of a West Wing already legendary for its power struggles, while bewildering Washington policy hands.
“Titles do matter,” said Paul C. Light, a presidential scholar at New York University. “You don’t say: ‘You are my buddy; you are my friend; you were with me on my television show. I’m going to give you a really great title.’ These are not things to be handed out like candy.”
To help him wrangle Silicon Valley chief executives and modernize United States government technology systems, Mr. Trump has hired Reed Cordish, the scion of a Baltimore real estate dynasty who is married to a close college friend of Ivanka Trump, who set them up. In a statement, Mr. Cordish said his real estate experience had taught him how to successfully meld public and private interests.
The president also recently hired Andrew Giuliani, the son of former New York City Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani and a Trump family friend, to work in the White House Office of Public Liaison and Intergovernmental Affairs. Mr. Giuliani, 31, who made headlines after he sued Duke University for kicking him off the college golf team, previously worked in sales and marketing at a small suburban New York financial firm.
Personal relationships with the president often bestow a power exceeding official West Wing job titles. Valerie Jarrett, a businesswoman, former city official in Chicago and longtime friend of the Obamas, was renowned for her unmatched access to President Barack Obama and reach into policy matters far beyond her official portfolio.
Sarah Huckabee Sanders, a White House press spokeswoman, said Mr. Trump had recruited highly skilled advisers with refreshingly different backgrounds. “Even though some of the staff doesn’t have government experience it doesn’t mean they are amateurs,” she wrote in an email. “President Trump has promised to change Washington and you can’t do that by putting Washington bureaucrats in charge of everything.”
If Mr. Trump appears more eager than past presidents to bring in longtime associates with limited Washington experience, friends said, it stems partly from his background of four decades at the helm of a closely held family business, with no experience in public service.
He has had to assemble a White House team largely from scratch, tapping a party apparatus he believed had tried to deny him the nomination and a Republican policy elite that had largely opposed him. The bulk of his senior White House aides were unknown to him until two years ago.
”Trump doesn’t have a longtime staff of political aides; these loyalists fill that vacuum,” said Christopher Ruddy, a friend and chief executive of Newsmax Media, the conservative news site.
“He is figuring out who he can depend on.”
Mr. Schiller, 58, a 6-foot-3 former narcotics detective, has protected Mr. Trump for 18 years. The head of a Praetorian Guard of private security detectives, Mr. Schiller occupied a Trump Tower office on the same floor as his boss and learned, he said, to anticipate his wishes.
A fierce protector of Mr. Trump’s image and interests, he physically removed a reporter from a 2015 news conference on the campaign trail after he repeatedly questioned Mr. Trump without being called on.
Five activists later sued Mr. Schiller, the Trump Organization and other Trump security guards, claiming they had been assaulted during a protest outside Trump Tower in September 2015. Mr. Schiller has acknowledged hitting one man but said the man attacked him first.
No longer responsible for Mr. Trump’s physical safety, he is now a combination gatekeeper, valet and security blanket — a familiar face for a president who detests solitude and whose wife and youngest son have remained at Trump Tower.
But Mr. Schiller has not entirely shed his role as Mr. Trump’s enforcer. During a briefing on health care legislation on Friday, he shouted at reporters to clear out of the Roosevelt Room after they tried to question Mr. Trump about continuing controversies.
Mr. Greenblatt’s ties to Mr. Trump have translated into more striking levels of power and prestige. A lawyer who helped Mr. Trump negotiate business deals for two decades, Mr. Greenblatt rose to become the Trump Organization’s chief legal officer and executive vice president.
Now, as special representative for international negotiations for the White House, Mr. Greenblatt, 49, is charged with negotiating trade agreements and overseeing the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and United States-Cuban relations. Mr. Trump has called him “brilliant.”
But experts say it is hard to imagine how anyone, no matter how intelligent, could handle three such sensitive and complex assignments without previous experience.
“Our sense is that the Trump White House views the foreign policy establishment as pretty feckless. They seem to think that applying a business approach can work better,” said Martin S. Indyk, the executive vice president of the Brookings Institution, who was President Obama’s special envoy to the Middle East.
“Not to have experience or knowledge of the issues in dispute, nor any relationship with the Palestinians, will be a challenge,” he said.
In announcing his appointment, Mr. Trump said Mr. Greenblatt’s success in negotiating complex transactions and building consensus made him the ideal roving global negotiator. Mr. Greenblatt has told reporters that after so many years at Mr. Trump’s side, “I know how he thinks; I know how to get his bidding done.”
In a brief telephone interview, Mr. Greenblatt suggested calling back later when “I’ll have something to actually say that’s meaningful.” Through the press office, he addressed the trade aspect of his portfolio, saying that working with Mr. Trump taught him how government can impede job creation.
Still, C. Fred Bergsten, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics and a member of the president’s Advisory Committee for Trade Policy and Negotiations, said he had never known a White House official “outside of the trade policy network who has been assigned negotiation of trade issues.”
By law, the Office of the United States Trade Representative is charged with negotiating trade deals. Various cabinet-level secretaries also weigh in on policy.
“So what would that leave for this guy?” Mr. Bergsten asked. “It’s very mysterious.”
A sign of Mr. Greenblatt’s expansive role came last month, not long after he traveled to Capitol Hill with Peter Navarro — a Harvard-trained economist who is head of Mr. Trump’s newly created National Trade Council — to discuss trade policy with staff aides of the Senate Finance Committee. Mr. Greenblatt missed a follow-up session with senators because Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel was visiting the White House that day.
“He’s got to negotiate Middle East peace,” Mr. Navarro quipped to the senators, according to a person who spoke on the condition of anonymity. “So he can’t be here today.”
Although Mr. Greenblatt has not been given the title of special envoy to the Middle East, he appears to be acting in that role too. Visiting the region this week, he met Mr. Netanyahu in Israel on Monday and is scheduled to meet the Palestinian president, Mahmoud Abbas. A State Department spokesman said Monday that a senior National Security Council official was accompanying Mr. Greenblatt, but was unsure whether a State Department official had been included.
Mr. Greenblatt appears more independent of the State Department than at least some previous envoys; he has told others he reports not to Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson, but to the president’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, 36, one of the most senior White House advisers.
And where past envoys were foreign policy specialists, Mr. Greenblatt told the Jewish Telegraphic Agency in April that his main sources of information were daily email alerts, material supplied by the American Israel Public Affairs Committee and a weekly Jewish radio program.
“There’s just a tremendous amount of literature out there, emails and all that, so I read all of those as often as I can,” he said then.
Still, Mr. Greenblatt seemed at that point somewhat taken aback that Mr. Trump had identified him to the news agency as his principal adviser on Israel, telling reporters that Mr. Greenblatt was so passionate that “when he goes on vacation, he goes to Israel.”
“I knew that he was relying on me for certain aspects of Israel, but I didn’t know I was his top adviser,” he said.
Ms. Manigault, 43, has no policy experience, a spotty history in her previous federal positions and a résumé that has cast her — inaccurately — as a university professor and a former top aide to Vice President Al Gore.
Yet, to the consternation of the president’s chief of staff, Reince Priebus, and others, Mr. Trump has given her the same title of presidential assistant as Mr. Priebus and other senior aides — and regularly includes her in high-level strategy sessions on the budget and other matters. She said in a January interview in Variety that Mr. Trump “really wanted me to have the freedom to work on many different things.”
In a statement from the White House press office, Ms. Manigault said that “while some people try to tear me down,” she was focused on giving women, minorities and other groups a voice in the White House.
Nominally, Ms. Manigault directs the office of communications in the White House’s public liaison office, a midlevel post. She is also a bridge to African-American groups, including the heads of more than 60 historically black colleges and universities who met with Mr. Trump in the Oval Office last month.
She also joined a State Department delegation to the inauguration of Haiti’s president, Jovenel Moïse. She said Mr. Moïse had invited her because of her previous hurricane relief work in the country.
“She is the highest-ranking African-American in the White House, and she has the ear of the president,” said Paris Dennard, a White House director of African-American outreach under President George W. Bush. “That is a good thing.”
During the presidential campaign, Ms. Manigault cast herself as an insider, saying Mr. Trump has called her “his Valerie Jarrett.” In an interview published last June in Essence magazine, she said, “I’m the person who pulls him back when he goes too far.”
In her White House post, she has already had a few run-ins reminiscent of her elbows-out reality-TV role on “The Apprentice,” including a much publicized confrontation with a veteran White House reporter. (Mr. Trump also sponsored a short-lived dating show called “The Ultimate Merger” in which she starred.)
Ms. Manigault has told others that she earned her way to a White House position. She grew up on welfare in a housing project in Youngstown, Ohio, and lost her father to violence at age 7, but went on to earn a college degree and, at age 24, a job in the office of Vice President Al Gore.
But while her ascent is impressive, it is not quite as she has described it. On a 2005 résumé provided by a former employer, she described herself as Mr. Gore’s “senior scheduling and advance coordinator” overseeing all aspects of his schedule. She continues to maintain that description is accurate and that she succeeded at the job.
But numerous former staff members in that office said that she was pushed out of an entry-level, $25,000-a-year job replying to invitations to Mr. Gore after 13 months, leaving a pile of unanswered correspondence under her desk. “She was the worst hire we ever made,” said Mary Margaret Overbey, Mr. Gore’s former office administrator.
Ms. Manigault transferred to a job as deputy associate director of presidential personnel, then eight months later moved to the Commerce Department. In her statement, she said she performed well in that job. But Cheryl Shavers, then the agency’s under secretary for technology administration, disagreed, saying Ms. Manigault “was unqualified and disruptive,” so “I had her removed.”
On her official website and elsewhere,  Ms. Manigault also has identified herself as a professor at Howard University in Washington. But Anthony D. Owens, a university spokesman, said she actually was a “facilitator and presenter.” A letter from the university that Ms. Manigault provided states that she was an instructor, a temporary position.
Ms. Manigault also maintains that the only requirement left for her to complete a doctorate at Howard is to defend her dissertation. But Carolyn M. Byerly, chairwoman of the university’s communications department, said that according to the university’s rules, the seven-year period for her to do that expired more than a decade ago.
Ms. Manigault tweeted her support for former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in 2014, but when Mr. Trump decided to run for president she joined his campaign and defended him vigorously. At an election-night victory party in November, she gave a television interview during which she warned that Mr. Trump’s campaign was keeping an “enemies” list.
Her “Apprentice”-style pugnacity notwithstanding, Mr. Trump insists there is a side of her that she keeps well hidden.
“Omarosa’s actually a very nice person,” he joked at a Roosevelt Room breakfast that she helped organize last month to celebrate Black History Month. “Nobody knows that.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — A day after a harsh judgment by the Congressional Budget Office on the House plan to repeal the Affordable Care Act, nervous Senate Republicans on Tuesday suggested changes to the bill.
They told Trump administration officials — including the health secretary, Tom Price — that they wanted to see lower insurance costs for poorer, older Americans and an increase in funding for states with high populations of hard-to-insure people. They said those changes would greatly improve the chances of Senate approval even though they might further alienate conservatives.
Senator John Thune of South Dakota, a member of the Republican leadership, said Senate Republicans could take steps to make the bill “more helpful to people on the lower end.”
The Congressional Budget Office’s official assessment of the American Health Care Act — House Republicans’ proposal to replace the Affordable Care Act — put President Trump and Republican congressional leaders on the defensive. The budget office predicted an increase of 24 million people without health insurance by 2026 under the Republican plan, while forecasting $337 billion in deficit reduction over the same period.
Speaker Paul D. Ryan was counting on that deficit reduction — as well as tax cuts for high earners and insurance and medical device companies — to entice members whose Republican constituents want to see the law crumble.
He is facing critics from different factions in his party, including conservatives who say the bill does not represent the wholesale replacement of President Barack Obama’s signature health law that Republicans pledged, and more moderate members concerned that thousands of constituents will lose coverage.
Because Democrats are expected to vote as a bloc against the House bill, Republicans cannot afford many defections when the bill is expected to come to a vote next week.
But by underscoring the bill’s effect on the ranks of the uninsured, Congress’s official scorekeeper, the C.B.O., made wavering Senate Republicans all the more skittish of the House’s legislation. Any of the changes that senators are seeking would almost certainly alienate conservative House Republicans who already believe the bill is too generous.
“The C.B.O. score has modified the dynamics,” said Representative Leonard Lance, Republican of New Jersey. “It’s incumbent upon our leadership in the House to make sure that whatever is being discussed has the ability to pass in the Senate,” Mr. Lance said, “and I do not believe that that is currently the case.”
Mr. Trump was left to strike a balance between siding with House Republicans while also distancing himself from the details, with top aides conceding that the legislation needed modifications before it could pass the full Congress.
On Tuesday, the president talked with House leaders about revisions to address the concerns of the most conservative members, and to Republican senators who fear the measure headed to the House floor would be too costly for older residents.
The C.B.O. report clarified just who stood to lose the most under the Republican plan, which in effect would shift health insurance costs from younger, healthier Americans to older, sicker Americans.
Under current law, insurers cannot charge older adults more than three times what they charge young adults for the same coverage. The House bill would allow insurers to expand that to 5-to-1.
Senator Bill Cassidy, Republican of Louisiana, noted that Americans over 60 who earn a little too much to qualify for Medicaid would “have a hard time affording insurance” under the House plan, since insurance premiums would rise far higher than the modest tax credits on offer. “That’s not good,” he said.
The House bill includes large transition grants to the states that can be used to help cover people with pre-existing medical conditions, subsidize insurance purchases beyond the bill’s tax credits, or other interventions; some Senate Republicans would seek to make those bigger as well. Mr. Thune wants to revise the tax credits so that they would be focused more on lower-income people.
The changes sought by Senate Republicans could upend White House efforts to shore up support from Mr. Ryan’s conservative flank. On Tuesday, several of the most conservative members of the House continued to voice their opposition.
“Leadership’s public positions have pretty much been ‘this is the bill, take it or leave it’ kind of approach,” said Representative Mark Meadows, Republican of North Carolina and chairman of the House Freedom Caucus, adding, “I have no indication that it has changed.”
And if changes are not made, conservatives are balking.
“I’m a no,” Representative Dave Brat, Republican of Virginia, said in an interview on Tuesday. “The C.B.O. report doesn’t really affect my calculation too much.”
Mr. Ryan’s calculus at this point is less strategic (how to actually get a bill that would replace the health care law to final passage) than tactical (how to muster enough votes to get the measure through the chamber he leads).
House Republicans portrayed the intraparty divisions as minor.
“I think what we unite upon is much greater than what divides us in this,” Representative Kevin Brady of Texas, chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, which is responsible for part of the repeal measure, said on Fox News Tuesday.
Mr. Ryan is counting on Mr. Trump, whom he talks to almost daily, to help win passage of the bill in the House. The speaker would then leave it to Senate Republicans to decide if they want to be the ones to refuse to honor the longstanding Republican promise to repeal the law.
Mr. Trump, though, has remained leery of Mr. Ryan since the campaign, when the speaker publicly voiced skepticism about Mr. Trump. That point was reinforced this week when Breitbart News, a right-wing website and frequent Ryan critic, released comments by Mr. Ryan from October that were critical of Mr. Trump.
And House conservatives continued to oppose the bill, which Representative Mo Brooks, Republican of Alabama, described in an interview with CNN as “still the largest welfare program ever proposed by the Republican Party.”
But the very elements of the bill that conservatives, whose votes will be needed for final House passage, want changed are the very things that many Republican senators, who have a far broader base of constituents, are fighting to maintain or enhance.
That is true even in Republican states where the law has helped many patients, especially those who are too young for Medicare but aging and thus more costly to insure.
“The way to get to yes is to pass legislation that honors our promise to repeal Obamacare and that drives down costs,” said Senator Ted Cruz, Republican of Texas, arguing that the House bill did not do enough to drive down insurance premiums.
Mr. Ryan was also not getting any support from Republican governors, who are trying to figure how they can roll back Medicaid expansion without leaving poor and older residents uninsured.
“Their bill needs to be the starting point, not the ending one,” Gov. Asa Hutchinson of Arkansas, a Republican, said in an interview.
There is additional pressure on Republicans from groups like AARP, the lobby for older Americans that is fighting provisions of the House bill that could significantly increase health insurance premiums for older Americans.
“The bill will dramatically increase health care costs for 50-to-64-year-olds who purchase health care through an exchange,” said Joyce A. Rogers, a senior vice president of AARP, who denounced the plan as an “age tax.”
Hospitals, with billions of dollars at stake, also stepped up lobbying against the House bill.
A coalition of health care providers and advocates, the Alliance for Healthcare Security, is running television advertisements describing the harm that it says could come from curtailing the expansion of Medicaid. The ads are running in Alaska, Arizona, Maine, Nevada and West Virginia and are meant to influence senators from those states.
“Tell your senator, these Medicaid cuts hurt real people,” one advertisement says.
Susan Van Meter, a senior vice president of the Healthcare Association of New York State, recently led a delegation of hospital executives in a lobbying trip to Capitol Hill.
The proposed changes in Medicaid, she said, “are, by far, the most worrisome provisions of the bill, would be disastrous for patients and could create a fiscal crisis for New York.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Long before Donald J. Trump took aim at immigrants, there was Representative Steve King of Iowa.
Since Mr. King’s election to the House in 2002, and before that in the State Legislature, where he first tried out his English-only trademark talking point, Mr. King, a Republican, has injected himself into the immigration debate with inflammatory and at times boorish statements.
Against the backdrop of an emboldened white nationalist movement in the United States, his Twitter post over the weekend — “We can’t restore our civilization with somebody else’s babies” — suggested that Mr. King was sliding from his typical messages to something far darker. It was praised by both the white supremacist David Duke and The Daily Stormer, a neo-Nazi website.
But it was also quickly criticized by many Republicans, including Speaker Paul D. Ryan, whose office said he “clearly disagrees” with Mr. King, and Representative Carlos Curbelo, Republican of Florida, who is of Cuban descent. Mr. Curbelo responded on Twitter: “What exactly do you mean? Do I qualify as ‘somebody else’s baby?’”
The tweet, written to show support for Geert Wilders, a far-right Dutch parliamentarian who has called for shutting down mosques in the Netherlands, put Mr. King in a familiar position, as the subject of condemnation in his own party.
“Now we’re in the Trump era, where anything goes,” said David Kochel, a Republican strategist from Iowa who helped lead Jeb Bush’s presidential campaign. “He’s always been consistent with these extreme views, but this articulation of full-on white nationalism is a few clicks past ‘cantaloupe calves,’ which was reprehensible to begin with. I don’t believe these views represent anything but the most extreme elements of the race-baiting fringe.”
While Mr. King has also left room for rape victims, eco-friendly light bulbs, the District of Columbia and other topics in his incendiary outbursts on Twitter, television and the House floor, his most memorable droplets of disdain have been for unauthorized immigrants, most notably Mexicans who he once proclaimed had “calves the size of cantaloupes” from hauling drugs across the border.
But except for the 2013 fruit analogy — which led John A. Boehner, the speaker at the time, to publicly chastise Mr. King and privately make a decidedly less nice body-part analogy about him to aides — Republicans have largely written off Mr. King as a fringe player in legitimate policy debates.
“Remarks of this nature are always deplorable no matter the political climate in our country,” Mr. Curbelo said in an email. “One of the president’s recurring themes and messages is that all Americans bleed the same red blood despite our great diversity. Mr. King’s sentiment directly contradicts this idea.”
A spokeswoman for Mr. Ryan, who has been loath to dip into controversies stirred by Mr. Trump, said, “The speaker clearly disagrees and believes America’s long history of inclusiveness is one of its great strengths.”
In Iowa, the state’s Republican chairman, Jeff Kaufmann, said: “I do not agree with Congressman King’s statement. We are a nation of immigrants, and diversity is the strength of any nation and any community.”
Mr. Trump’s spokesman, Sean Spicer, claimed ignorance of the Twitter post on Monday; Mr. King’s spokeswoman said he was too busy to be interviewed.
Mr. King, 67, represents the most conservative corner of Iowa, and has long held policy positions rooted in deeply conservative beliefs, especially concerning immigration, which he once deemed a “slow-motion Holocaust.”
He has often said he was made aware of illegal immigration as a small child by his father, the onetime mayor of a small Iowa town who taught him to take a hard line. Mr. King dropped out of Northwest Missouri State University to run a construction contracting business, and ran for the State Senate in 1996 when he first cottoned to the idea of an English-only America, something he would push for legislatively throughout his career.
“Our language is getting subdivided by some forces of the federal government,” Mr. King once said. “It is time to speak with a common voice. The argument that diversity is our strength has really never been backed up by logic.”
He has argued vociferously — long before Mr. Trump ran for office pushing strict anti-immigration measures — including against protections for young adults brought over as children who have been successful in America, a group many Republicans support. In 2006, he suggested a complex plan for building an electrified wall at the border, noting that this was a practice used to control livestock. In 2012, he compared immigrants to dogs.
He also accused former President Barack Obama of advancing immigration policies based on race. “The president has demonstrated that he has a default mechanism in him that breaks down the side of race, on the side that favors the black person,” he said in a radio interview in 2010.
Some of his other pet issues have also had a racial tone. For instance, he once railed against a multibillion-dollar funding measure for settlements for African-American farmers and American Indians on the House floor. “We have a very, very urban senator,” he said, referring to a measure that Mr. Obama supported when he was a senator.
Mr. King has also long targeted the Affordable Care Act; he skipped his middle son’s wedding in 2009 to cast a vote against it.
While many politicians, including Mr. Trump, often try to back away from statements that offend, Mr. King amiably doubles down. On Monday, confronted about his tweet, he told CNN, “I meant exactly what I said,” adding that he would “like to see an America that’s just so homogeneous that we look a lot the same, from that.”
These sorts of remarks make Iowans of both parties cringe, even though many Republicans do so anonymously.
“He’s a grandstander who says things that embarrass the whole state,” said Michael L. Fitzgerald, a Democrat, who has been Iowa’s treasurer since 1983. “Democrats think he’s an ass, and sometimes Republicans do too.”
Mr. King faced his first primary challenge in a decade last year in a safe Republican district, but he has succeeded in many respects because people in the district find him personally affable and helpful. Both parties note that Mr. King does not try to run for statewide office, mindful of the limits of his popularity.
The test going forward will be of Mr. King’s so-far limited national sway over Republicans, which he has sought to expand by trying to attract Republican presidential hopefuls to his annual pheasant hunting outing near his home.
In 2016, Senator Ted Cruz, Republican of Texas, campaigned vigorously with Mr. King, retelling a joke over and over about how Chuck Norris wore Steve King pajamas, to demonstrate the congressman’s super toughness.
Mr. King’s weekend tweet “is proof that it’s hard to get attention in our current politics,” Mr. Kochel said. “For Congressman King, it’s always been tough to stay out in front of this sad pack.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Democrats pilloried Republicans for irresponsibly shutting down the government when Barack Obama was president, but as a minority party struggling to show resistance in the era of President Trump, they are now ready to let the lights of government go dark.
A group of prominent Senate Democrats on Monday raised the specter of a shutdown over the funding of President Trump’s proposed wall along the border with Mexico. They also signaled a series of protracted budget battles in Congress over a larger force of immigration officers, what they call a deportation force, and funding for Planned Parenthood. They warned that these would also be “poison pills” that could kill any potential deals to keep the gears of government running normally this year.
In a letter to Senator Mitch McConnell, the Republican majority leader, Senator Chuck Schumer and four other Democratic leaders made clear how far they were prepared to go: “We believe it would be inappropriate to insist on the inclusion of such funding in a must-pass appropriations bill that is needed for the Republican majority in control of the Congress to avert a government shutdown so early in President Trump’s administration.”
Democrats have said little up to now about the possibility of employing the brinkmanship that Republicans used in the fights over the budget and the debt ceiling during the Obama administration. But with Mr. Trump expected to formally outline his 2018 budget priorities for the first time on Thursday and an April 28 deadline looming to fund the government for the rest of this fiscal year, the stakes of failing to reach an agreement are ratcheting up higher.
“Most government shutdowns occur not because of specific funding issues but because of emotions around them,” said Stan Collender, who has worked for Democrats on the House and Senate budget committees. A border wall, he said, “is one of the issues that has the potential for creating those kinds of emotions.”
After promising repeatedly during the presidential campaign that Mexico would pay for the construction of a border wall, Mr. Trump has remained vague since taking office about the actual mechanics of funding it through the budget. A border wall could cost $25 billion to construct, some experts say.
Mr. Trump still insists that Mexico will pay for it eventually, but Mick Mulvaney, his budget director, suggested in an interview last week that he would make a supplemental request to get construction started in 2017 and ask for more funding in 2018 and 2019. Despite Mr. Trump’s other promises to make the wall big and beautiful, the details remained rough.
“It just depends on the kind of wall that you want to build, and I don’t think we’ve settled yet on the actual construction,” Mr. Mulvaney said on the Hugh Hewitt radio show. “So it’s a complicated program. I don’t know what the answer is on the cost, but we will have one shortly.” Mr. Mulvaney orchestrated a government shutdown in 2013 as a Republican member of Congress.
Last month, the Trump administration indicated that it would increase military spending by $54 billion while cutting nonmilitary spending by the same amount. The plan deeply slashes money for the State Department, foreign aid, the Internal Revenue Service and the National Endowment for the Arts.
A draft budget request that surfaced last week also showed that the Trump administration was considering making cuts to the Coast Guard, the Transportation Security Administration and the Federal Emergency Management Agency. Much of those funds would go toward paying for the wall.
Still, none of this will happen without the assistance of some Democrats.
Republicans, who have 52 seats in the Senate, will need 60 votes to pass a budget. Resistance to military spending increases from Republican fiscal hawks in the House could mean that some Democrats will be needed there, too. And Democrats have been steadfast in their insistence that they will not lift the caps on military spending imposed by the Budget Control Act sequester unless spending on domestic programs is allowed to increase by the same amount.
Democrats flirted with a government shutdown over health benefits to retired miners last year before backing down at the last minute.
Members of the party point out that their approach is different from the one taken by Republicans during the Obama years because they are merely seeking a clean budget bill, not using the threat of a shutdown to extract policy concessions from the party in power.
Mr. Schumer said that he would not rule out approving funding for a wall in 2018, but that Mr. Trump must first explain how he plans to use eminent domain to acquire land along the border, the effects of the construction on the Native Americans and how he plans to persuade Mexico to reimburse the United States for the costs.
In the meantime, Mr. Schumer rejected the idea that Democrats were being hypocritical for hinting at a shutdown and said it was up to Republicans to keep the government open.
“The onus for shutting down government falls on the governing party, which is them,” he said in an interview. “They will have to face down some of the ideologues in their caucus and, on things like the wall, face down the president.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump blamed the news media on Monday morning for “making Obamacare look so good” as he spoke at a listening session with nine people he characterized as “victims” of the health care law.
Mr. Trump repeated his declaration that “Obamacare is a disaster” — a sentiment echoed more specifically by White House and cabinet officials in the past few days.
While it is undeniable that the law has not been universally beneficial, many of the criticisms from Mr. Trump and his team are cherry-picked or misleading.
This needs context. In 2017, premiums for the benchmark plan increased by 22 percent on average across the states that use the federal marketplace or have their own exchanges, according to the Department of Health and Human Services. Some places had higher increases (116 percent in Arizona, the only state with a triple-digit increase) and some lower (9 percent in Wyoming).
That’s much higher than the 7 percent increase in 2016 and 3 percent increase in 2015, but looking at premium increases alone does not fully capture what people are paying.
About 84 percent of enrollees qualify for tax credits that help blunt the costs in 2017, meaning the government picks up the tab for any increase. Factoring in this financial assistance, a 40-year-old nonsmoker making $30,000 would see no change, or even a slight reduction, for the benchmark plan in all but two states, the Kaiser Family Foundation estimated.
False. About 20 million have gained insurance under the act. The uninsured rate fell to 10.9 percent at the end of last year, according to Gallup, compared with 17.1 percent at the end of 2013. Analysis from the Commonwealth Fund concluded that the Affordable Care Act was responsible for a majority of the decline.
This is misleading. Researchers at the Urban Institute estimated that roughly 2.6 million people reported in 2013 that their plans were being canceled because of noncompliance with the A.C.A. But half of these people were eligible for Medicaid or subsidized insurance plans. A 2014 study from the RAND corporation, a nonprofit think tank, concluded that fewer than one million people, not “millions,” ended up with no insurance at all.
Most polls also contradict Mr. Trump’s claim that there is a “very small number of people that are happy.” A majority of enrollees reported satisfaction with the health care law in three national surveys, though some expressed concern with lack of choice and affordability, according to a September 2016 Government Accountability Office review. (The outlier is Black Book Market Research, a public opinion research company based in Florida, which found just 22 percent of enrollees were satisfied.)
This is misleading. The Affordable Care Act mandated that businesses with more than 50 employees are required to offer health insurance to employees who work 30 hours or more per week, or pay a penalty. Though there are certainly some anecdotes of employers reducing hours to get around the mandate, studies have been unable to find much evidence of a widespread shift to part-time employment.
This is misleading. Out of the 20 million people who have gained insurance under the law, about 14.5 million received coverage through Medicaid, 3.3 million of whom were previously eligible.
A majority of these Medicaid enrollments, 11.2 million, occurred because of the Affordable Care Act’s expansion of the health care program. The health care law raised the eligibility cutoff to adults under 65 who made less than 138 percent of the poverty line.
This is misleading. Health costs for employer-sponsored plans have risen in the years since the law was implemented. Independent estimates for the rate of increase hover in the 3 percent to 4 percent range.
But this trend was occurring in the years before the Affordable Care Act as well. The Kaiser Family Foundation estimates that premiums increased by 20 percent from 2011 to 2016, compared to 31 percent from 2006 to 2011 and 63 percent from 2001 to 2006.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The Senate on Monday confirmed Seema Verma, a health policy expert from Indiana, to lead efforts by the Trump administration to transform Medicaid and upend the Affordable Care Act.
By a vote of 55 to 43, the Senate approved the nomination of Ms. Verma to be the administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, which spends more than $1 trillion a year on programs providing health care to more than one-third of all Americans.
Unlike most people who have held the job, Ms. Verma has extensive experience in Medicaid, a program that was expanded by President Barack Obama’s health care law and now provides coverage to more than 70 million low-income people.
Ms. Verma was an architect of Indiana’s Medicaid program, widely seen as a model by conservatives, and she worked closely with Vice President Mike Pence when he was the state’s governor. Indiana expanded Medicaid eligibility, but emphasized “personal responsibility.” That means that beneficiaries pay premiums, contribute to health savings accounts and receive incentives for healthy behavior.
Senator Orrin G. Hatch, Republican of Utah and chairman of the Finance Committee, said Ms. Verma was “the ideal candidate to oversee the reform of the Medicaid program,” as she had worked well with members of both parties in Indiana and in other states.
But Senator Edward J. Markey, Democrat of Massachusetts, said she has supported proposals that “create roadblocks to coverage for low-income Americans.” And she would have a major role in carrying out legislation to gut the Affordable Care Act and remake the Medicaid program, said Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon, the senior Democrat on the Finance Committee.
A plan by House Republicans, which was released last week, would repeal major parts of Mr. Obama’s health care law and would phase out the expansion of Medicaid that has brought coverage to millions of people.
Senate Democrats cast a wary eye on how Ms. Verma might enforce the legislation, if it is approved. Mr. Wyden said she “would be able to give states a green light to push the very frail and sick into high-risk pools” in which they could receive substandard coverage or be forced to pay more for the care they need. Senator Maria Cantwell, Democrat of Washington, said Ms. Verma in Indiana “made millions of dollars in consulting fees by kicking poor, working people off of Medicaid for failure to pay monthly contributions similar to premiums.”
And Senator Debbie Stabenow, Democrat of Michigan, said she was dismayed that Ms. Verma had suggested at her confirmation hearing last month that coverage of maternity care should be optional, not required, as it is now under the Affordable Care Act.
At that hearing, Ms. Verma said: “Some women might want maternity coverage and some women might not want it, might not choose it, might not feel like they need that. So I think it’s up to women to make the decision that works best for them and their families.”
But not all Democrats found fault with Ms. Verma’s work on Medicaid in Indiana. Under the program she helped devise, “hundreds of thousands of Hoosiers currently have health insurance,” said Senator Joe Donnelly of Indiana, one of three Democrats who voted for her on Monday.
“This plan,” he said, “has helped lower our state’s uninsured rate and improve health care outcomes, and has played a critical role in combating the opioid-abuse and heroin-use epidemics.”
The Obama administration granted a waiver for Indiana’s Medicaid program following lengthy negotiations, and several other states are considering similar changes. Tom Price, the secretary of health and human services, promised last week to give states “greater flexibility.”
Judith Solomon, a vice president at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, a liberal-leaning research and advocacy group, said the premiums charged to Medicaid beneficiaries in Indiana, as well as the complexity of the program, appeared to be “deterring significant numbers of eligible low-income people from enrolling.” Still, she said, the coverage provided under Indiana’s plan is “better than no coverage at all.”
And without the conservative features of the program, state officials said, Indiana might not have expanded eligibility.
Dennis M. Murphy, the chief executive of Indiana University Health, and top executives of five other hospital systems in Indiana endorsed Ms. Verma, saying in a joint statement that she had shown a knack for “bipartisan solutions that unite people across the political spectrum.”
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services has led federal efforts to carry out the Affordable Care Act, setting standards for private health insurance and operating HealthCare.gov, the online marketplace on which more than 10 million people obtained coverage last year.
Ms. Verma has comparatively little experience with Medicare, the popular program that insures 57 million people who are 65 or older or have disabilities. Within a decade, enrollment is expected to grow by one-third, to 76 million. As a presidential candidate, Mr. Trump said he did not intend to cut Medicare or Medicaid.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The House Republican plan to replace the Affordable Care Act would increase the number of people without health insurance by 24 million by 2026, while slicing $337 billion off federal budget deficits over that time, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office said Monday.
Republicans had been bracing for what was almost certain to be a bleak accounting of the legislation’s projected effects. The American Health Care Act, as Republicans call their bill, was already facing widespread criticism from health care providers, some conservatives and a united Democratic Party.
The much-anticipated judgment by Capitol Hill’s official scorekeeper did not back up President Trump’s promise of providing health care for everyone and was likely to fuel the concerns of moderate Republicans. Next year, it said, the number of uninsured Americans would be 14 million higher than expected under current law.
But it also provided talking points for House Republican leaders who need the support of rebellious conservatives to pass the measure: lower deficits, reduced federal spending and tax cuts.
The Trump administration immediately denounced the budget office’s conclusions. Tom Price, the secretary of health and human services, suggested the report offered an incomplete picture because it did not take into account regulatory steps he intends to take, as well as other legislation that Republicans plan as part of their multistep strategy to repeal and replace the health law.
“We disagree strenuously with the report that was put out,” he said at the White House.
Democrats remained steadfast in their opposition. “The C.B.O. score shows just how empty the president’s promises, that everyone will be covered and costs will go down, have been,” said Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader. “This should be a looming stop sign for the Republicans’ repeal effort.”
The coverage numbers released Monday will make it only more difficult for Republicans to explain why their legislation would improve the country’s health care system. And that could make the bill’s fate in the more narrowly divided Senate much more tenuous.
In a sign of the concern over the coverage projections, Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine, said the budget office’s report was “cause for alarm” and “should prompt the House to slow down and reconsider certain provisions of the bill.”
Average premiums for people buying insurance on their own would be 15 to 20 percent higher in 2018 and 2019 than they would be under current law, the budget office said. But after that, premiums would be lower than projected under current law — around 10 percent lower by 2026, the budget office said.
The number of uninsured would shoot up next year by 14 million, the budget office said. Most of the increase in 2018 would result from people choosing not to buy insurance after tax penalties for those without coverage are repealed, but in later years, the office said, the number of uninsured would rise further because of changes in Medicaid, the health program for low-income people.
“Some states would discontinue their expansion of eligibility” for Medicaid, and federal spending per beneficiary would be capped, the report noted.
For people receiving subsidies under the Affordable Care Act, the report said, tax credits proposed by House Republicans “would generally be less generous.” But the market would not collapse. Other changes in the House bill would “lower average premiums enough to attract a sufficient number of relatively healthy people to stabilize the market,” the budget office said.
The budget office estimated that 52 million people would be uninsured in 2026 under the House Republican bill, compared with 28 million projected under current law.
The report foresees huge changes in Medicaid. By 2026, it said, federal Medicaid spending would be 25 percent lower under the House bill than is projected under current law, and the number of Medicaid beneficiaries would be 17 percent lower, with 14 million fewer people covered by Medicaid.
Republican leaders tried to focus on the positive news in the budget office’s analysis.
Speaker Paul D. Ryan said the report showed that the Republican plan would lower premiums.
“I recognize and appreciate concerns about making sure people have access to coverage,” he said. “Under Obamacare, we have seen how government-mandated coverage does not equal access to care, and now the law is collapsing.”
Democrats had criticized Republicans for pushing the bill through two House committees last week before the Congressional Budget Office had weighed in, saying it was irresponsible to begin considering legislation without a firm grip on its potential costs and ramifications.
On Monday, they said they were vindicated.
“Today’s analysis from the C.B.O. confirms that the Republicans’ repeal bill isn’t a health care bill at all,” said Representative John Yarmuth of Kentucky, the ranking Democrat on the House Budget Committee. “It’s an ideological document with real and incredibly damaging consequences for American families.”
But the analysis does show that under the Republican plan there would be winners — and losers. Under current law, in 2026, a single 21-year-old earning $26,500 with an insurance policy that costs $5,100 a year would get a tax credit of $3,400 and would have to pay $1,700 of the premium. Under the Republican bill, that person’s share of the cost would drop to $1,450.
By contrast, a 64-year-old earning the same amount would fare much worse. That person’s $15,300 health plan would be offset by a $13,600 tax credit under current law, leaving the consumer responsible for $1,700. Under the Republican plan, health insurers would be free to charge older people more, raising that person’s premium to $19,500. But the tax credit would be only $4,900, and that person’s share of the premium would then be $14,600.
House Republicans would allow insurers to sell health plans covering a smaller share of consumers’ medical costs, and cost-sharing subsidies for low-income people would be repealed in 2020. As a result, the budget office said, deductibles and other out-of-pocket costs for many consumers would be substantially higher than under the Affordable Care Act.
The budget office produces a variety of budget and economic analyses, including deficit projections, legislative options for lawmakers confronting the nation’s most vexing problems and cost estimates for legislation. Its director, Keith Hall, was appointed in 2015 by congressional Republicans, and it is generally respected for its objective analysis.
But with an unfavorable analysis expected, Republicans from the White House to Capitol Hill began to undermine the credibility of the budget office’s numbers last week and kept it up through the weekend.
“If the C.B.O. was right about Obamacare to begin with, there’d be eight million more people on Obamacare today than there actually are,” President Trump’s budget director, Mick Mulvaney, said Sunday on ABC’s “This Week.” He added, “Sometimes we ask them to do stuff they’re not capable of doing.”
The number of people who have signed up for insurance through the health law’s exchanges is lower than expected, in part because employers did not drop coverage to the extent that had been anticipated. In addition, the Supreme Court ruled that states could not be compelled to expand Medicaid — and many Republican-led states did not.
The House Republican legislation, which was released last week, would repeal major parts of President Barack Obama’s health care law. It would scrap the income-based tax credits that help people pay for coverage, end the penalty for people who do not have health insurance and phase out the expansion of Medicaid that has brought coverage to millions of people.
Republicans would provide a new tax credit based on age that would help people buy insurance on the individual market. While people would not face a penalty for not buying insurance, Republicans would put in place a new provision to encourage continuous coverage: People would face a 30 percent surcharge in their premiums if they signed up for insurance after having gone without it for about two months or more.
In an interview last week with the radio host Hugh Hewitt, Mr. Ryan played down the significance of the forthcoming coverage estimate. He said the goal of Republicans was not “to win some coverage beauty contest” or “to show a pretty piece of paper that says we’re mandating great things for Americans” with their health bill.
“If the government says, ‘Thou shall buy our health insurance,’ the government estimates are going to say people will comply and it will happen,” Mr. Ryan said. “And when you replace that with, ‘We’re going to have a free market and you buy what you want to buy,’ they’re going to say not nearly as many people are going to do that.”
Before the budget office’s assessment was released, Mr. Trump lauded the Republican health plan Monday at the beginning of a discussion with people the White House described as “victims” of the Affordable Care Act.
The president said the Republican plan would provide “more choices, far more choices, at lower cost.”
“Americans should pick the plan they want,” he said. “Now they’ll be able to pick the plan they want. They’ll be able to pick the doctor they want.”
Mr. Trump predicted that if the Republican plan is enacted, “you’ll see rates go down, down, down, and you’ll see plans go up, up, up.” He said it would be “a thing of beauty.”



ARTICLE
Two senior White House officials suggested on Monday that President Trump’s unsubstantiated claim that President Barack Obama had tapped his telephone was not meant to be taken literally, arguing that Mr. Trump had been referring more broadly to a variety of surveillance efforts during the 2016 campaign when he made the incendiary accusation.
“He doesn’t really think that President Obama went up and tapped his phone personally,” said Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary.
In fact, Mr. Spicer said, when Mr. Trump charged in a Twitter post last weekend that Mr. Obama “had my ‘wires tapped’ in Trump Tower,” he was referring generally to surveillance activities during the 2016 race — not to an actual telephone wiretap.
“The president was very clear in his tweet that it was, you know, ‘wiretapping,’” Mr. Spicer said, using his fingers to make a gesture suggesting quotation marks. “That spans a whole host of surveillance types of options.”
Mr. Spicer said there have been “numerous reports from a variety of outlets over the last couple months that seemed to indicate that there has been different types of surveillance that occurred during the 2016 election.”
The remarks were the first time the White House sought to explain the accusation Mr. Trump made in a series of posts on Twitter saying Mr. Obama “was tapping my phones” and calling the former president a “bad (or sick) guy.”
The explanations came as the Justice Department asked the leaders of the House Intelligence Committee, who had given a Monday deadline to produce proof of Mr. Trump’s claim, for more time “to determine what if any responsive documents exist.”
Kellyanne Conway, Mr. Trump’s senior adviser, said in an interview on Sunday that Mr. Obama could have employed any number of devices other than a traditional telephone wiretap, even including a microwave oven.
Ms. Conway clarified on Monday that she was not accusing the former president of snooping via a kitchen appliance, arguing that her comments had been taken out of context.
“I’m not Inspector Gadget,” she said Monday on CNN. “I don’t believe people are using the microwave to spy on the Trump campaign.”
But in an interview with a columnist for The Record of Bergen County, N.J., the day before, she said Mr. Obama’s alleged spying efforts against Mr. Trump could have been far more extensive than a telephone wiretap.
“What I can say is there are many ways to surveil each other,” Ms. Conway told the paper. “You can surveil someone through their phones, certainly through their television sets — any number of ways.”
Surveillance can even be carried out with “microwaves that turn into cameras,” she added. “We know this is a fact of modern life.”
The unusual and shifting explanations from Mr. Spicer and Ms. Conway reflected the contortions that members of Mr. Trump’s inner circle have employed to explain the president’s explosive accusation, which he has yet to address personally. Neither Mr. Trump nor anyone at the White House has presented any evidence for the claim, instead asking Congress to investigate it as part of its inquiry into Russia’s interference in the presidential election.
Both the House Intelligence Committee and the Senate Judiciary Committee have requested that the Department of Justice provide evidence it may have for Mr. Trump’s charge, but Mr. Spicer said on Monday that the president had not instructed the department to furnish any.
He suggested that Mr. Trump had relied on multiple news reports, including in The New York Times, to make his charge.
“It is interesting how many news outlets reported that this activity was taking place during the 2016 election cycle, and now are wondering where the proof is,” Mr. Spicer said.
The Times and other news outlets have reported extensively on surveillance in the United States during the 2016 presidential campaign, particularly related to Russia’s efforts to influence the election. But The Times has never reported that intelligence or law-enforcement officials were themselves spying on Mr. Trump. What The Times and other news organizations have reported is that American intelligence agencies have communication intercepts that officials believe show contacts between associates of Mr. Trump and Russian officials during the campaign.
Still, several far-right websites, including Infowars, which traffics in conspiracy theories and whose eccentric operator, Alex Jones, has interviewed Mr. Trump, have erroneously asserted that The Times and others had reported that the president was under surveillance.
In a story dated March 6, Infowars cited a Jan. 19 article in The Times detailing how American law enforcement and intelligence agencies were examining intercepted communications as part of a broad investigation into possible links between Russian officials and Trump associates.
“Flashback: NYT admits wiretaps used against Trump,” the headline read. The story noted that The Times “didn’t specifically mention that Trump himself, or Trump Tower, was bugged,” but the caveat has not stopped Mr. Trump’s supporters from insisting that The Times was a source for the president’s tweet.
Ms. Conway told CNN that in her interview, she had not been referring to the president’s charges when she talked about microwave surveillance, nor could she offer any proof of his allegations.
“I’m not in the job of having evidence,” she said. “That’s what investigations are for.”
Ms. Conway said she had never meant to imply that Mr. Obama had used a microwave to spy on Mr. Trump.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Corporate tool. Enemy of disabled people. Deferential to the privileged, including the man who chose him.
One week before Judge Neil M. Gorsuch is to sit for his Supreme Court confirmation hearing, Democrats have zeroed in on their most prominent planned line of attack: Judge Gorsuch’s rulings have favored the powerful and well connected. And he has done little, they will say, to demonstrate independence from a president whose combative relationship with the judiciary has already clouded the nominating process.
The strategy includes two events this week aimed at emphasizing Judge Gorsuch’s record on workers’ rights and big money in politics — an attempt to break through the din in President Trump’s Washington, where the nomination fight so far has been largely overshadowed by administration infighting, Russia-tinged scandals and legislation to overhaul the nation’s health care system.
The Democrats’ approach also appears to be in keeping with the preference of some lawmakers to make the nomination as much a referendum on Mr. Trump as Judge Gorsuch, with ready parallels to the president’s history as a profit-seeking boss and serial litigant.
As a consequence, though, the kinds of social issues that often animate Supreme Court confirmation hearings, like abortion rights and same-sex marriage, may not be the primary focus for Democrats seeking to raise doubts about Judge Gorsuch.
“Obviously, the social issues are always looming out there with any justice,” said Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader. “But where he’s particularly vulnerable is in this antiworker, pro-corporate record. And second, he cannot really cite examples of him being independent other than saying, ‘Ask people.’”
For weeks, the president’s reputation has often wafted over the nomination. Days after the announcement, Mr. Trump set off on a series of attacks against the judiciary as his administration fought to preserve a since-revised executive order banning travel to the United States from seven predominantly Muslim countries.
(In meetings with Democratic senators, Judge Gorsuch called such attacks on judges “disheartening” but declined to speak publicly, even as the White House suggested Judge Gorsuch had not taken issue with anything Mr. Trump said.)
Mr. Trump’s decision last week to ask for the resignations of dozens of United States attorneys appointed by President Barack Obama — a prerogative of any president — is expected to sharpen Democrats’ focus on Mr. Trump’s respect for legal processes and Judge Gorsuch’s degree of independence.
But after weeks spent poring over his rulings, their attention in the coming days will be trained largely on Judge Gorsuch’s paper trail on the United States Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit.
Democrats are expected to point out several instances they say highlight his tendency to side against the little guy. In one case, Judge Gorsuch argued in a dissent that a company was permitted to fire a truck driver for abandoning his cargo for his own safety in subzero temperatures.
In another, he ruled against a family seeking reimbursement under a federal disabilities law for the cost of sending a child with severe autism to a specialized school. Then there was the professor who lost her job after taking time off to recover from cancer: Judge Gorsuch denied her federal discrimination claim, saying that while the predicament was “in no way of her own making,” it was “a problem other forms of social security aim to address.”
“You can find example after example of Judge Gorsuch siding against workers even in the most dire circumstances,” Senator Patty Murray of Washington, the No. 3 ranking Senate Democrat, said last week at an event with union and disability rights representatives.
Judge Gorsuch’s defenders have accused Democrats of cherry-picking, arguing that his adherence to the law does not suggest a lack of compassion. In the case of the professor, for instance, the decision was unanimous and joined by a nominee of President Bill Clinton.
Former clerks to Judge Gorsuch have cited other cases in which he sided with workers on issues including sexual harassment claims and black-lung benefits for retired miners.
Carrie Severino, the chief counsel for the Judicial Crisis Network, a group pushing for Judge Gorsuch’s confirmation, called the Democrats’ criticisms “an absurd overgeneralization.”
Skeptics of Judge Gorsuch have been unmoved. On Tuesday, Democrats on Capitol Hill have planned an event focused on Judge Gorsuch’s record on campaign finance laws, suggesting that he would continue the rightward movement of the court in this area.
And on Wednesday, Mr. Schumer is expected to host people who have been negatively affected by Judge Gorsuch’s decisions in a bid to demonstrate the practical implications of his rulings.
“There’s a whole pattern,” Mr. Schumer said. “He sort of expresses sympathetic words in many of these cases, but then his decision is coldly — he would say pragmatic, we would say coldly — on the side of the big interests.”
Mr. Gorsuch’s views on social issues will surely retain a conspicuous place at his hearings. One of his best-known rulings was a vote in favor of Hobby Lobby Stores Inc., which objected to regulations under the Affordable Care Act requiring employers to provide free contraception coverage.
But other cases may offer Democrats a more powerful populist message as they press Judge Gorsuch — and, if they choose, at least a handful of opportunities to link the nominee to a president with a history of punching down. During the campaign, Mr. Trump was criticized for failing to pay contractors at his buildings, misleading students at Trump University and mocking a reporter with a physical disability.
Senator Richard Blumenthal, Democrat of Connecticut and a member of the Judiciary Committee, said a central question of the hearings would be whether Judge Gorsuch passes the “Trump litmus test” laid out during the campaign, when Mr. Trump pledged to nominate a judge with traditionally conservative credentials on issues like abortion and gun rights.
“It’s a fascinating process because clearly he has strengths in intellect and articulateness that make him an appealing candidate,” Mr. Blumenthal said. “But — and it’s a big ‘but’ — what are his core beliefs?”
Breaking a possible Democratic filibuster against the nomination would require eight members of the Democratic caucus to join the 52-member Republican majority. Otherwise, Republicans could change longstanding rules and push through the nomination on a simple majority vote — the so-called nuclear option, which Mr. Trump has encouraged Republicans to embrace if necessary.
Several Democrats have already said they will vote against Judge Gorsuch, raising pressure from the party’s progressive base for others to join. Many Democratic senators remain furious at the treatment last year of Mr. Obama’s nominee, Judge Merrick B. Garland, whom Republicans refused to consider.
Last week, Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, who engineered the Republicans’ Supreme Court gambit in an election year, preached civility at the Capitol, asking Democrats to give Judge Gorsuch due deference.
“I hope colleagues on both sides will show him the fair consideration he deserves,” Mr. McConnell said, “the same fair consideration we showed to all four of the Supreme Court nominees of Presidents Obama and Clinton after they were first elected — a respectful hearing followed by an up-or-down vote.”
Taking to the Senate floor moments later, Senator Richard J. Durbin of Illinois, the body’s No. 2 Democrat, could not resist a recent-history lesson.
“It was interesting when he said the courtesies that were extended to President Obama and President Clinton,” Mr. Durbin said. “He left out one year: last year.”



ARTICLE
MIAMI — In 2008, three years after R. Alexander Acosta had decamped from the Justice Department’s Civil Rights Division for the United States attorney’s post in South Florida, the Justice Department’s in-house investigator laid out a damning conclusion: Under Mr. Acosta’s watch, his office had repeatedly violated federal law and department policies by weighing political affiliations in hiring and assessing civil rights employees.
The inspector general laid most of the blame on a subordinate of Mr. Acosta’s, Bradley Schlozman, but the investigation concluded that Mr. Acosta had ignored warning signs about hiring practices.
To William Yeomans, who spent 26 years working at the Justice Department and now teaches constitutional law and civil rights at American University, Mr. Acosta got “a little bit of a pass.”
“There was a coordinated, political effort to drive out career attorneys, people who had been there for many years, and replace them with conservative ideologues,” said Mr. Yeomans, who worked for Senator Edward M. Kennedy, Democrat of Massachusetts, and is active in liberal legal circles. “Acosta certainly knew what was going on.”
Now Mr. Acosta has been nominated for a new post, secretary of labor, that would task him with creating and enforcing policies to ensure the safety and fair treatment of workers across the country, and the old demons of the George W. Bush era may loom large as he goes before the Senate labor committee this month for his first confirmation hearing.
Mr. Acosta, 48, did not respond to multiple requests to comment for this article.
But in dozens of interviews, current and former colleagues of Mr. Acosta, who is now dean of Florida International University’s law school, are deeply split in their ament of the nominee. Some described him as a hands-off leader who has often chosen not to inject himself into disputes, sometimes tolerating a discriminatory environment if inaction has served his interests.
Others, including an immigration advocate and several professors at Florida International University’s law school, say Mr. Acosta is a fair leader who did not let his conservative ideals affect his decisions for the school and who worked hard to recruit, retain and support a diverse student group.
Erik Camayd-Freixas, a Hispanic studies professor at Florida International University, met Mr. Acosta several months before he was tapped to join the university’s law school, in 2009. Mr. Acosta was then the United States attorney for the Southern District of Florida, where his office prosecuted the lobbyist Jack Abramoff, the terrorism suspect Jose Padilla and founders of the Cali drug cartel.
Mr. Camayd-Freixas and several others called on the prosecutor’s office to investigate an immigration raid in Homestead, Fla., where, they claimed, United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents had unfairly roughed people up.
“I was very impressed with the way he handled it and his fairness in presenting essentially abuses by Immigration and Customs Enforcement to the Department of Justice for investigation,” Mr. Camayd-Freixas said of Mr. Acosta. “He put together a complaint, and he elevated it.”
But Mr. Yeomans also recalled an example of what he described as Mr. Acosta’s propensity for cutting corners. While Mr. Acosta was transitioning into the prestigious post of assistant attorney general for civil rights, he told Mr. Yeomans, then a career Justice Department attorney, that he planned to a hire a Republican lawyer, whom he knew through political connections and who most likely would not have qualified for the job, because the lawyer was sick and needed benefits. The hiring disturbed Mr. Yeomans, but Mr. Acosta saw the gesture as a much-needed gift for a man who needed health insurance.
“It shows a disregard for being a good steward of the taxpayers’ dollars,” Mr. Yeomans said. “It suggests he would be unlikely to stand up if the Trump administration told him to do things that should not be done.”
Around that time, Mr. Acosta drafted a 2004 letter to a federal judge in Ohio, seemingly dismissing the significance of “vote caging” in the presidential election. Democrats saw the practice, in which private citizens challenge the eligibility of African-American and other voters, as an intentional Republican strategy to disenfranchise minorities.
But Mr. Acosta, from his office in the Civil Rights Division, wrote that under the Help America Vote Act of 2002 — passed after the disastrous 2000 Florida recount to help states modernize voting — any challenge to a voter’s eligibility would be offset by that voter’s right to cast a provisional ballot.
“HAVA’s provisional ballot requirement is relevant to the balance between ballot access and ballot integrity,” he said in the letter. “Challenge statutes, such as those at issue in Ohio, are part of this balance.”
To Kristen Clarke, president of the Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, who also worked under Mr. Acosta at the Justice Department, that letter is a red flag.
“He was someone who ignored problems, allowing them to fester on his watch,” she said. “When you look back at that time period, some of the worst problems happened when Mr. Acosta was the one running the place.”
Mr. Acosta’s confirmation process starts this month under something of a cloud. President Trump’s first choice for labor secretary, the fast-food executive Andrew F. Puzder, withdrew his nomination with his business record under attack. Conservatives had zeroed in on Mr. Puzder’s employment of an undocumented immigrant as his housekeeper and on spousal abuse accusations.
Labor groups that assailed Mr. Puzder have generally applauded the choice of Mr. Acosta. A Miami native, Mr. Acosta earned his undergraduate degree from Harvard University and his law degree from Harvard Law School. He also served as a law clerk to Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. of the Supreme Court when Justice Alito was a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
From 2002 to 2003, Mr. Acosta served on the National Labor Relations Board for President Bush.
Tawia Baidoe Ansah, the Florida International law school’s associate dean for academic affairs, and Ediberto Román, a law professor and director of the school’s citizenship and nationality initiatives, praised Mr. Acosta’s focus on recruiting the best students to the school, hiring faculty members to help increase the school’s bar passage rate and networking around the state to help students find jobs after graduation.
As a gay black man, Mr. Ansah said he thought that Mr. Acosta understood the importance of diversity. A conversation the two had after five police officers were killed in Dallas last year showed that Mr. Acosta could empathize with both sides of the contentious issue of policing, he said.
“I remember Alex saying the Dallas incident is a tragedy indeed, but it is going to be politicized and you have got to remember that police killings of the black innocent men in America are also really tragic,” Mr. Ansah said.
But as with every issue in academia, not everyone was so supportive. Some professors and students said Mr. Acosta did not focus enough on teaching students about race and the law. Glaister Brown, a lawyer in Miramar, Fla., and a former student at Florida International, met with Mr. Acosta in 2013 to make the case that while the school’s brochures highlighted diversity, its curriculum did not.
“He acknowledged that there was some truth to what I was saying,” Mr. Brown said, “but he never said, ‘This is important to me or to the school.’ He tried to say that if professors want to teach about race and the law they can. But he wasn’t going to make it a requirement or put any special emphasis on it.”
On smaller issues, Mr. Acosta showed a personal touch. Alex Bistritz, 27, a first-year law student, said Mr. Acosta had tea with him for an hour to persuade him to go to school and often stopped in the hallways to ask him how he was doing. Another student, Alexandra Mullenax, 24, said Mr. Acosta personally called her after she had problems moving into an apartment the school had recommended.
H. T. Smith, a trial advocacy professor at Florida International University’s law school, spoke out publicly against Mr. Acosta initially, citing political problems during Mr. Acosta’s tenure at the Justice Department. Since then, he has come to see him as fair but not particularly strong-willed after the school’s dynamo of a first dean, Leonard Strickman.
Mr. Strickman “was a star around the country in terms of law school deans,” Mr. Smith said. “Acosta is not like that.”



ARTICLE
BALTIMORE — In a dimly lit church basement, James Gaymon III spent much of Thursday staring at practice questions as he prepared for his high school general equivalency diploma exam. He recently moved into an apartment two blocks from the underpass where he spent 20 years sleeping, and often smoking crack.
Now Mr. Gaymon is sober and taking classes at an adult learning center run by Strong City Baltimore, a nonprofit that operates with federal funds from the Community Development Block Grant program — which President Trump’s budget for fiscal 2018 would eliminate.
“I’d be hurt and upset if this place was gone, and this program wasn’t here anymore,” said Mr. Gaymon, 49. “I need it. I need my education. I want my G.E.D. But I’ll leave it in the hands of God.”
Mr. Gaymon’s worries echoed across the country’s urban centers on Thursday as city leaders, nonprofits and poverty experts lamented Mr. Trump’s proposed budget, which would make drastic cuts to programs aimed at helping the country’s inner cities and some of its most vulnerable populations. Mr. Trump spent months on the campaign trail promising to fix “broken” inner cities, appealing to African-Americans with the question, “What do you have to lose?”
In terms of money, the answer turns out to be: plenty. Mr. Trump would cut the budget of the Department of Housing and Urban Development by 13 percent and eliminate programs like the Community Development Block Grant, which cities have used to fund programs like Meals on Wheels as well as homeless shelters and neighborhood revitalization initiatives.
His budget proposal would eliminate the Commerce Department’s Minority Business Development Agency, the Education Department’s 21st Century Community Learning Centers, which run before- and after-school programs, as well as low-income heating assistance, community services block grants and the HOME Investment Partnership, which helps state and local governments build, buy and rehabilitate affordable housing.
It would cut funding for rental assistance and job training. In fact, the budget reaches deep into every agency to cut programs for the urban poor. Even the Department of Energy’s small weatherization program to help insulate the houses of the poor — obscure to even seasoned government watchers — would be eliminated.
Karen D. Stokes, the chief executive officer of Strong City Baltimore, said the group’s adult learning center gets about 8 percent of its funding from the Community Development Block Grant. Without it, she said, she would have to cut services to people in need. She also fears her group could be threatened by cuts to the Corporation for National and Community Service, which funds AmeriCorps and helps Strong City place about 30 volunteers a year with other groups focused on poverty.
“These are people who are trying to better themselves. They are here trying to become productive citizens,” she said. “There is nobody here looking for a handout.”
White House officials said they carefully targeted programs that have not been proved effective, or were duplicated by other parts of the government. Mick Mulvaney, the White House budget director, said the president was showing compassion to “the other side of the equation,” the people paying the taxes.
But even some Republicans were pushing back. Scott Smith, a Republican who was mayor of Mesa, Ariz., for six years, said the Community Development Block Grant program lined up with the ideals of small-government conservatives by providing communities flexible money. Mr. Smith said he used the funds to operate a shelter for dozens of homeless veterans with mental health issues.
“If you cut home grants, you still will have people struggling to get housing,” he said. “If you cut Community Development Block Grant programs, you will still have the homeless veteran.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The former president denied it. So did the former national intelligence director. The F.B.I. director has said privately that it is false. The speaker of the House and the chairmen of the House and Senate Intelligence Committees — all three Republican — see no indications that it happened.
But President Trump insists he is right. No matter how many officials, even in his own party, dismiss his unsubstantiated claim that President Barack Obama secretly tapped his phones last year, the White House made clear on Thursday that it would stand by the assertion.
Ultimately, it insisted, the president will be proved correct.
Nearly two weeks after Mr. Trump first accused his predecessor in a series of Saturday morning Twitter posts, the standoff between the president and the available record has come to shadow the White House even as it tries to overhaul the nation’s health care system and drastically rewrite the federal budget. Much like his longstanding assertion that Mr. Obama was not born in the United States, Mr. Trump dismisses contrary information with undiminished surety.
Indeed, the White House even added a new assertion on Thursday during a fiercely combative and sometimes surreal briefing by the press secretary, Sean Spicer, who berated reporters and read from news accounts that either did not back up the president’s claims or had been refuted by intelligence officials.
One report that Mr. Spicer read contended that Mr. Obama used Britain’s Government Communications Headquarters, the signals agency known as GCHQ, to spy on Mr. Trump. In effect, the White House was embracing a claim that the United States’ closest ally collaborated with a president against a presidential candidate.
“There’s widespread reporting that throughout the 2016 election, there was surveillance that was done on a variety of people,” Mr. Spicer said. Asked if the president stood by his original allegation, Mr. Spicer said, “He stands by it.”
The White House defiance came shortly after the top two senators overseeing the intelligence community joined the chorus of lawmakers debunking the claim.
“Based on the information available to us, we see no indications that Trump Tower was the subject of surveillance by any element of the United States government either before or after Election Day 2016,” Senator Richard M. Burr, Republican of North Carolina, and Senator Mark Warner, Democrat of Virginia, said in a statement.
The blunt conclusion by the leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee means that all four congressional leaders who oversee intelligence-based surveillance by the government have rejected Mr. Trump’s claim. On Wednesday, their counterparts on the House Intelligence Committee, Representatives Devin Nunes, a Republican, and Adam B. Schiff, a Democrat, both from California, made similar statements.
For the president’s staff, the continuing furor over his claim has produced mixed responses. Some advisers, privately recognizing that there is no evidence to support it, are increasingly frustrated that it continues to dominate the conversation in Washington and wish Mr. Trump would find a way to let it go.
At the same time, they feel besieged by what they see as a hostile Washington establishment and resent the carping. In some cases, as Mr. Spicer did at his briefing, they argue that the news media has cherry-picked information to make the president look bad.
But they assume that Mr. Trump will stick by his assertion no matter what comes out of an emerging congressional investigation. After all, he refused to back off his “birther” allegation — and then only grudgingly — until five years after Mr. Obama produced a birth certificate showing that he had been born in Hawaii.
In this case, Mr. Trump sees the surveillance allegation as a way to push back against what he considers the unfair insinuation that he somehow colluded with the Russians during last year’s election — another assertion for which intelligence committee leaders have said they so far have found no evidence.
In recent days, the president and his aides have tried to recast his original assertion to make it more defensible. Mr. Trump and Mr. Spicer have both noted that in two Twitter posts the president used quotation marks around the phrases “wires tapped” or “wire tapping,” which they said indicated that they were not meant to be taken literally.
“That really covers surveillance and many other things,” Mr. Trump told Tucker Carlson in an interview on Wednesday night on Fox News. “Nobody ever talks about the fact that it was in quotes, but that’s a very important thing.”
That, however, ignores the fact that two other messages Mr. Trump posted that morning did not use quotation marks and were pretty specific. “How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process,” he wrote in one, misspelling the word tap. “This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!”
Mr. Trump also suggested that he had secret evidence no one else had seen. He told Mr. Carlson that he “will be submitting things before the committee very soon that hasn’t been submitted as of yet — but it’s potentially a very serious situation.” Mr. Trump added, “You’re going to find some very interesting items coming to the forefront over the next two weeks.”
The White House staff took its cue from that interview and mapped out an aggressive defense on Thursday. Mr. Trump was already angry that two courts had blocked his temporary travel ban even though he had been assured by his staff that his latest one would pass judicial muster. So Mr. Spicer headed to the lectern on Thursday primed for a fight and armed with a stack of news clippings that he read at length to justify the president’s claim.
“The bottom line is the investigation by the House and the Senate has not been provided all the information,” Mr. Spicer said.
But Rachel Cohen, a spokeswoman for Mr. Warner, later responded: “The bipartisan leaders of the Intelligence Committee would not have made the statement they made without having been fully briefed by the appropriate authorities.”
At the White House briefing, among the articles Mr. Spicer read from were several from The New York Times. However, none of them actually reported that Mr. Obama had authorized surveillance of Mr. Trump or that Mr. Trump had been eavesdropped. The Times has reported that law enforcement agencies are investigating contacts between some associates of Mr. Trump and Russian figures and had access to intercepted communications.
Other news reports cited by Mr. Trump on Wednesday night and Mr. Spicer on Thursday repeated months-old claims that a secret foreign intelligence court had approved a surveillance order involving Mr. Trump in October. Reporters from The Times have not been able to corroborate the existence of such an order.
The British assertions came from a Fox News commentator, Andrew Napolitano.
Early on Friday, GCHQ, the British communications intelligence agency, issued a statement denying that it had wiretapped Mr. Trump during the presidential campaign, saying that the allegations were “nonsense.”
“They are utterly ridiculous and should be ignored.”
The agency rarely comments on intelligence matters; its statement was both unusual and unusually vehement.
Mr. Spicer complained that reporters had not focused on a comment by Mr. Nunes, the House intelligence chairman, that “it’s possible” that intelligence agencies could have swept up others in the course of their surveillance, including Mr. Trump. Mr. Nunes did note that Mr. Trump was concerned about “other surveillance activities looking at him and his associates” and said his committee would find out.
But Mr. Nunes was firm in saying that Mr. Trump’s original Twitter posts were not borne out by the facts. “I don’t believe there was an actual tap of Trump Tower,” he said on Wednesday. If Mr. Trump’s posts were to be taken literally, “then clearly the president was wrong,” Mr. Nunes said.
That was not a word the White House was willing to use on Thursday. Asked if Mr. Trump would apologize to Mr. Obama if it turned out he was wrong, Mr. Spicer demurred.
“We’re not going to prejudge what the outcome of this is,” he said. “I think we’ve got to let the process work its will, and then when there’s a report that comes out conclusive from there, then we’ll be able to comment.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The S.S. Andania, plain and sturdy, pulled into New York Harbor on April 11, 1923, after a slow journey from Liverpool, England. In a third-class cabin was a gray-eyed Irishman named Richard Michael Cawley, fleeing poverty and war.
The son of a tailor from a rural village, Mr. Cawley, then 20, had come of age during a guerrilla conflict. Now, with Irish fighting Irish, he had made his way to America to join his older brother and uncle.
He would settle in Chicago, a city bursting with Irish Roman Catholic life; marry a teacher; find work as a streetcar driver; and sing ballads by the piano on Saturday nights. He would become an American citizen, march in St. Patrick’s Day parades and visit Ireland, looking, one cousin marveled, like “a real Yank.”
It is a familiar American tale, except for this: Mr. Cawley’s grandson and namesake, Michael Richard Pence, is the vice president of the United States, which is in the thick of a roiling immigration debate.
On Thursday, Mr. Pence, wearing a spray of shamrocks in his lapel, welcomed Enda Kenny, the Irish prime minister, for breakfast at the vice president’s residence as part of the White House’s St. Patrick’s Day festivities. For Mr. Pence — who calls his grandfather “the proudest man I ever knew, and the best man I ever knew” — and his family, it is a deeply personal celebration.
“He’d be busting his buttons, that’s what he’d say,” Mr. Pence’s mother, Nancy Pence Fritsch, 84, said of her father, who died in 1980.
The story of Mr. Cawley — pieced together from interviews with historians and relatives in the United States and Ireland, as well as archival documents — is one of family ties and a man whose experience had an impact on Mr. Pence. Some facts have been lost to time; memories do not align perfectly with the written record.
When Mr. Pence was a toddler, overshadowed by talkative older brothers, his grandfather taught him to recite “Humpty Dumpty” in Gaelic. As a boy, he shared the older man’s admiration for Presidents John F. Kennedy and Franklin D. Roosevelt, though both eventually left the Democratic Party. He inherited Mr. Cawley’s sense of humor and easy manner, Mr. Pence’s oldest brother, Gregory Pence, said — qualities that helped him thrive in politics.
Mr. Pence declined to be interviewed; a spokesman, Marc Lotter, when asked about Mr. Cawley’s immigration status, said he “entered this country through Ellis Island.” Barry Moreno, the librarian and historian at the Ellis Island Immigration Museum, reviewed the ship’s manifest and other records and said Mr. Cawley’s paperwork — including a 1936 document stating that he had been “lawfully admitted” — appeared to be in order.
Mr. Cawley’s journey does not offer a precise parallel to those of today’s refugees escaping war-torn nations like Syria. Mr. Lotter said President Trump’s efforts to restrict immigrant travel would not have applied to Mr. Cawley because “Ireland is not compromised by terrorism.” But with Mr. Pence defending the president, and the Irish  divided over Mr. Trump, it is difficult not to view Mr. Cawley’s experience through the prism of current events.
In a recent speech to Latino small-business leaders, Mr. Pence pledged that he and Mr. Trump would “show great heart every step of the way” regarding immigration, before recounting his great-grandmother’s farewell to her son.
“She told him she was going to get him a one-way ticket to America,” Mr. Pence said, “because, she said, ‘There’s a future there for you.’”
Born on Feb. 7, 1903, Mr. Cawley was the third of six children, Irish census records show. The family lived in Doocastle, County Mayo, in a small cottage on a hill outside a village called Tubbercurry, in County Sligo. Older villagers still remember his father as “Dick the Tailor.”
The Sinn Fein nationalist party declared Ireland’s independence from Britain in 1919, setting off a guerrilla war between Irish and crown forces. That included the notorious British “Black and Tans” paramilitary group, which waged a night of terror in Tubbercurry in October 1920, burning buildings, including church parish halls, according to Michael Farry, an Irish historian who has documented the war in Sligo.
In December 1921, Britain and Ireland signed a peace treaty, only to have civil war break out six months later among the Irish. Then, according to a handwritten ledger from Irish military archives, Mr. Cawley enlisted in the Irish Free State’s army. He felt “pushed into” serving, Mrs. Pence Fritsch said, and was reluctant to fight his countrymen.
With little prospect of work, he fled to England, she said, to earn his way to America. The ship’s manifest lists him as a coal miner, with an address near Manchester, and says his brother paid for his passage.
In the United States, anti-immigrant and anti-Catholic sentiment was flaring. A Republican-controlled Congress had passed the Emergency Quota Act of 1921, a restrictive immigration law strongly opposed by many Irish-American Democratic politicians. Monthly quotas allowed more British immigrants than Irish, who were welcomed as English speakers but faced some suspicion of being radicals. (On the day Mr. Cawley’s ship arrived, The New York Times carried news of Irish rebels.)
Many Irish immigrated through Canada. And it might have been easier to gain entry to the United States with a British address, said Richard White, a Stanford historian who has chronicled his own grandfather’s illegal immigration from Ireland to Chicago in 1924.
Passing through Ellis Island, Mr. Cawley would have answered an immigration officer’s routine questions, noted on the ship manifest. He was neither sick nor an anarchist, the manifest said. He had the equivalent of $23. And though records show he did not become a citizen until 1941, a decade after he married, historians say that was typical; many Irish came to America not quite sure they would stay.
While his brother James made his life in New York, Mr. Cawley settled in Chicago. It was a “fully developed Catholic world” of churches, schools and a heavily Irish Democratic political machine, the historian Ellen Skerrett said.
In 1927, he was hired as a motorman for the Chicago Surface Lines, a streetcar service later absorbed by the Chicago Transit Authority, which still has Mr. Cawley’s insurance card on file. He held that job, eventually driving a bus, for more than 40 years.
By 1931, records show, he had married Mary Elizabeth Maloney, a teacher and first-generation American whose family hailed from Doonbeg, County Clare. (In 2014, Mr. Trump bought a golf course there.) With Mrs. Cawley’s widowed mother, they moved into a tidy brick “two-flat” — tenants, often relatives, rented the second floor — on the South Side.
When Mrs. Pence Fritsch, born in 1932, was a baby, her father went home to see his dying mother. “He was gone so long,” she said, “my mother worried he wouldn’t come back.”
There was not much Irish life in Columbus, Ind., where Mr. Pence grew up as one of six children. (His father died in 1988, and his mother remarried.) Mr. Cawley was 56 when Mr. Pence was born.
“I think he was partial to Michael,” Mrs. Pence Fritsch said of her father, “because he was named after him.”
Holidays meant trips to Chicago. In high school in the 1970s, Mr. Pence would regale friends with an imitation of his grandfather’s soft brogue. By this time, his grandparents were retired and traveled frequently to Ireland.
In 1981, not long after his grandfather died, Mr. Pence made his own pilgrimage. The trip was deeply emotional, said Trish Tamler, a cousin of Mr. Pence’s who accompanied him to Tubbercurry.
“It was just something that we all treasured,” she said. “We were just all so fascinated with the history.”
By this time, Mr. Pence had left his Catholic faith to embrace evangelical Christianity, a decision that would redefine him as one of the nation’s most religious and culturally conservative legislators. Grappling with immigration policy, he often invoked his grandfather — including in 2006, when he tried unsuccessfully to unite Republicans around a compromise that conservatives attacked as amnesty.
“He got off that boat an Irish lad, he died an American, and I am an American because of him,” Mr. Pence said then. He also warned conservatives to demonstrate “that we believe in the ideas enshrined on the Statue of Liberty.”
Yet he also took tough stances, pleasing the right. A decade before Mr. Trump proposed a border wall with Mexico, Mr. Pence backed a bill that led to the construction of about 700 miles of fencing. As governor, he barred Syrian refugees from Indiana, citing fear of terrorism.
In 2013, Mr. Pence took his wife, Karen, and their three children on vacation to Ireland, stopping in Doonbeg, where Hugh McNally, a distant cousin, runs a bar.
“They want to hold on to an identity,” Mr. McNally said.
Now, amid the tensions over Mr. Trump’s immigration policies, Mr. Pence says his grandfather taught him a powerful lesson: “If you work hard, play by the rules,” he told the Latino leaders, “anybody can be anybody in America.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump’s proposal on Thursday for deep cuts to the budgets of a broad part of the federal bureaucracy was billed as a tough-minded and necessary corrective to the growth of the government’s power. But even members of his own party questioned some of the cuts — and what was not being cut.
The harshest criticism of Mr. Trump’s budget came from Democrats and liberal organizations. But in a city where many federal programs enjoy longstanding bipartisan support, some Republicans also assailed the president’s judgment.
“While we have a responsibility to reduce our federal deficit, I am disappointed that many of the reductions and eliminations proposed in the president’s skinny budget are draconian, careless and counterproductive,” said Representative Harold Rogers, Republican of Kentucky and a former chairman of the House Appropriations Committee. “We will certainly review this budget proposal, but Congress ultimately has the power of the purse.”
The spending plan’s bottom line is roughly the same as in President Barack Obama’s last budget request, but it marks Mr. Trump’s first major attempt to dismantle what his aides dismissively call the “administrative state.” The $1.1 trillion spending plan envisions deep cuts to many government programs while leaving entitlement programs like Social Security untouched. It increases spending on the military and border security.
Mr. Trump was elected on a promise to wage war against what he has frequently mocked as a bloated and ineffective federal work force, and he is betting that his first budget will help consolidate support by calling for a significant shift of resources away from established programs that aid the poor, the environment, foreigners and the arts.
To those who object to deep cuts in those programs, Mick Mulvaney, the president’s budget director, had a blunt message on Thursday: What did you expect?
He said that after-school programs had failed to help children in schools, that housing programs were “not well run,” that government health research had suffered “mission creep” and that grants to local communities “don’t do any good.”
Mr. Mulvaney waved aside questions about cuts to the United Nations, saying that they “should come as a surprise to no one who watched the campaign.” And he said that the president made no apologies for eliminating the government’s efforts to curb climate change.
“We’re not spending money on that anymore,” Mr. Mulvaney told reporters at the White House. “We consider that a waste of your money to go out and do that.”
The approach is a risky gamble for Mr. Trump, whose victory in November came in part by assembling a coalition that included low-income workers who rely on many of the programs that he now proposes to slash. For now, the president and his advisers appear willing to take that risk by casting the administration as better caretakers of taxpayers’ money. “We are trying to focus on both recipients of the money and the folks who give us the money in the first place,” Mr. Mulvaney said.
If the president gets his way, funding for the environment, diplomacy, housing, health services and the arts will be cut 20 to 30 percent. In 19 cases, funding will be eliminated, including for the Appalachian Regional Commission, the Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation and the Corporation for Public Broadcasting. Military spending would increase by $54 billion, a 10 percent rise, in 2018, in addition to a $30 billion increase in the current year.
White House officials said steep cuts at the State Department and increases in the military budget would refocus the United States away from helping other nations, sending a message that Mr. Trump intends to make greater use of “hard power” around the globe.
They also said the president’s budget would increase resources for military veterans.
Military supporters praised Mr. Trump for beginning what they believe is a needed rebuilding of the armed forces, though several key lawmakers said that even his proposed increase would not be enough for a military that they say is too small and unprepared to meet modern threats.
Conservatives hailed his vision as an antidote to decades of bureaucratic growth even as they predicted fierce resistance from the interest groups and lawmakers with deep links to the affected agencies and the beneficiaries of the programs that will see their budgets slashed.
“That sound you hear from Washington, D.C., this morning is the weeping and gnashing of teeth from bureaucrats and politicians who have built the federal government into an industry on the backs of taxpayers,” said David McIntosh, the president of the Club for Growth, a conservative free-market advocacy group.
Reaction to Mr. Trump’s budget proposal came in a flurry of angry statements on Thursday morning as various other groups began preparing their lobbying campaigns to block the president’s plan in Congress.
Christine Owens, the executive director of the National Employment Law Project, called the proposed cuts to the Labor Department a “draconian” budget that “is virtually a complete breach of faith with America’s workers.”
Amnesty International called the cuts to foreign aid “shameful” and predicted “global consequences.” The Union of Concerned Scientists said cuts to scientific programs were “antiquated ideas and misguided science, which will hurt our economy, kill jobs, make us less safe.” The American Library Association said that eliminating federal funds for libraries was “counterproductive and shortsighted.” Randi Weingarten, the president of the American Federation of Teachers, said, “This budget takes a meat cleaver to public education.”
Environmental activists criticized Mr. Trump’s priorities. Michael Brune, the executive director of the Sierra Club, said that “the only thing that matters in his America is corporate polluters’ profits and Wall Street billionaires.”
“If Trump refuses to be serious about protecting our health and climate, or our publicly owned lands, then Congress must act, do its job and reject this rigged budget,” Mr. Brune said.
For Mr. Trump, the complaints from nearly all quarters may serve to amplify his image as an outsider who is not beholden to the special interests in Washington. That could help the White House pressure Republican lawmakers to embrace his vision for a spending plan.
But the early reaction from members of his party on Capitol Hill was muted at best, reflecting in part the discomfort among many of the party’s leaders with a budget that makes no progress on tackling the growth of entitlements.
Senator Rob Portman, Republican of Ohio, criticized Mr. Trump’s decision to cut $300 million from a program that aims to protect Lake Erie. “I have long championed this program,” Mr. Portman said, “and I’m committed to continuing to do everything I can to protect and preserve Lake Erie, including preserving this critical program and its funding.”
Speaker Paul D. Ryan, who has long asserted a need to overhaul entitlement programs as a means to fiscal discipline for the federal government, told reporters that he was “encouraged” by the proposed increases in military spending but said little else about the contents of the budget blueprint.
Earlier in the day, Mr. Ryan issued a statement saying he was “determined to work with the administration to shrink the size of government, grow our economy, secure our borders and ensure our troops have the tools necessary to complete their missions.”
He did not address any of the proposed cuts.
Senator Mike Lee, Republican of Utah, called Mr. Trump’s budget proposal “a solid step toward addressing the gross overspending that is driving our national debt.” He said the president should be “commended” for making some tough calls.
He did not pledge to support Mr. Trump’s spending plan, however, adding that he looked forward to working with his congressional colleagues “to craft and pass a balanced, fiscally sound budget in the coming months.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — After eight years of chafing under President Barack Obama’s fiscal priorities, congressional Republicans were longing for a budget proposal that did the two things that have become the party’s mantra: Make broad cuts to federal spending and reduce the federal deficit.
Instead, President Trump sent them a budget even many Republicans found difficult to love.
To fulfill a campaign promise to leave Social Security and Medicare — which represent more than 40 percent of annual federal spending — untouched while constructing an expensive border wall, Mr. Trump went after a relatively small pot of money, discretionary spending, goring Republicans’ pet programs in the process.
He does propose increasing military spending by 10 percent, something many conservatives would also like to see, but he probably cannot unilaterally break through legal budget caps, imposed after a battle in 2011 over raising the government’s statutory borrowing limit known as the debt ceiling.
Mr. Trump ran as a populist and stacked his cabinet like a conservative, yet he delivered a budget that in many respects is neither. The result is deeply unsatisfying for many in his party, which has been yearning for a unified government to finally make major changes to entitlement programs to bring the deficit in line.
“This is a good budget if you want to spend your time fighting small fires,” said former Senator Judd Gregg of New Hampshire, who as the Republican chairman of the Senate Budget Committee spent years trying to rally lawmakers to do the hard work to balance the budget. “It’s a statement of policy, which is legitimate, that the government is too big,” Mr. Gregg said. “As a practical matter, it does not affect the big issues that drive that.”
Congress could have eliminated every penny of domestic spending at its annual discretion this year, and it would not have balanced the federal budget, according to Congressional Budget Office projections, much less rid the nation of its nearly $20 trillion in government debt — which Mr. Trump told voters he could do easily in eight years.
It is precisely what conservatives have wanted to control.
“The fact is that until the president and Congress are willing to address the real drivers of our debt, Medicare and Social Security, we will be complicit in shackling future generations with the financial burden of our own lack of discipline,” said Senator Bob Corker, Republican of Tennessee. “That is not a legacy I want to leave.”
Mick Mulvaney, Mr. Trump’s budget director, who as a member of the House was one of the biggest deficit hawks, was confronted with the budget’s failure to deal with the debt in a news conference with reporters on Thursday.
“It’s a fair question,” he said. “I would just suggest to you it’s not the right time for the question. The budget blueprint, again, does not deal with the debt. It even doesn’t even deal with the deficit. It is simply the first part of the appropriations process.”
The budget document represents a broad-brush aspiration for Mr. Trump, leaving it to the House and Senate appropriations committees to do all the painful work, like finding a way to pay for a wall along the Mexican border that the White House wants.
But trying to pass appropriations bills with large cuts to popular domestic programs seems almost impossible in both chambers, especially the Senate, leading Congress on another path to short-term spending measures that Republicans have long wanted to escape.
The Congressional Budget Office foresees a federal deficit for the 2018 fiscal year of $487 billion, rising steadily from there until it reaches $1 trillion in 2023. But that is driven all by an aging population, rising health care costs and rising interest payments from the escalating debt.
Projected declines in discretionary spending under Mr. Trump’s plan would be more than swallowed by rising payments to Social Security and Medicare because the population aged 65 and older is expected to grow by 39 percent through 2027. In that time, spending on people 65 and older who receive Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid and military and federal civilian retirement income will rise from 37 percent of federal spending in 2017 to 45 percent in 10 years.
And many of his proposed cuts are at odds with congressional priorities.
His budget cuts spending for the National Institutes of Health, which lawmakers  gave a big funding increase last year to help attack cancer and other diseases; community block grants, which help feed hungry children (a Democratic priority); and local law enforcement (popular with Republicans); as well as pet programs like funding to care for the Great Lakes, which Midwestern lawmakers have fought hard to maintain.
“The president proposes and Congress disposes,” said Representative Charlie Dent, a Republican appropriator from Pennsylvania. “We can’t finance a defense buildup entirely on the back of domestic, nondefense spending. It’s not realistic and unfair.”
Mr. Trump’s budget also shows little regard for the political sensitivities of his party. His proposal to restart licensing for a nuclear waste repository in Yucca Mountain, in Nevada, creates a headache for Senator Dean Heller, a Republican who is up for re-election in that state next year. His response was swift and blunt. “As has been stated in the past, Yucca is dead, and this reckless proposal will not revive it,” he said in a statement.
It even takes an ax to programs that are important to the Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky, by proposing cuts in funding for the Appalachian Regional Commission and some air service that would probably eliminate two airports in his state.
Mr. McConnell on Thursday went in search of a silver lining.
“I’m pleased to see an increased focus on our national security and veterans budgets,” he said in a statement. “These are positive steps in the right direction. I look forward to reviewing this and the full budget when it is released later this spring.”
Mr. Trump is hardly alone in putting forth a budget dismissed by his own party. Mr. Obama pushed the idea of changing the way the inflation rate was calculated to slow the growth of big programs like Social Security, a proposal many Democrats opposed. President George W. Bush pressed to partially privatize Social Security, and many Republicans disliked that idea.
But it is striking to read Mr. Trump’s budget and see clearly mixed messages from the opening pages delivered by Mr. Mulvaney, who praised the budget as a debt crusher, and from Mr. Trump, who emphasized his increases in military spending.
Those contradictions are among the many reasons that even members of Mr. Trump’s party see his budget more as a mere suggestion than an edict.
“Historically, presidential budgets do not fare well with Congress,” said Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Michael T. Flynn, President Trump’s former national security adviser, was paid over $65,000 by companies linked to Russia in 2015, according to a letter released on Thursday by congressional investigators.
Among the companies was a cargo airline implicated in a bribery scheme involving Russian officials at the United Nations, an American branch of a cybersecurity firm believed to have ties to Russia’s intelligence services, and RT, the Russian government’s English language TV channel, according to the letter, which was sent to Mr. Trump on Thursday by Representative Elijah E. Cummings, a Maryland Democrat. Mr. Cummings is the ranking member of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee.
The document provides new details about Mr. Flynn’s ties to Russian entities just over a month after being forced to resign following revelations that he had misled Vice President Mike Pence and other top White House officials about his conversations last year with the Russian ambassador to the United States.
The letter, addressed to Mr. Trump; James B. Comey, the director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation; and Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, requested additional documents related to Mr. Flynn’s security clearances.
The fees were apparently for speaking engagements by Mr. Flynn, a retired Army lieutenant general and former head of the Defense Intelligence Agency. The engagements occurred before he became an official adviser to Mr. Trump’s presidential campaign.
The letter and supporting documents provide new details about a trip Mr. Flynn took to Moscow in December 2015 on behalf of RT. As part of that trip, RT paid him more than $45,000 to deliver a speech at an opulent gala hosted by the network, where he sat next to the Russian president, Vladimir V. Putin.
That summer, according to an invoice included with the letters, Mr. Flynn also received $11,250 from a Russian cargo airline named Volga-Dnepr Airlines.
According to Mr. Cummings’s letter, the company came under United Nations scrutiny after allegations of bribery surfaced involving two Russian officials serving at the United Nations. As part of that investigation, the United Nations removed the company in 2007 from its approved list of vendors, the letter said.
In October 2015, Mr. Flynn was paid another $11,250 by the firm, Kaspersky Government Security Solutions, which was founded by Eugene Kaspersky. Mr. Kaspersky’s Moscow-based Kaspersky Lab has long been suspected of having ties to Russian intelligence services. He studied cryptography at a high school run by the K.G.B. and Soviet Defense Ministry, and later worked for the Russian military.
Mr. Kaspersky founded the lab with his wife in their Moscow apartment in 1997, and since then, it has grown into one of the most well-known and respected cybersecurity firms in the world. That prominence would make interactions with Russian intelligence unavoidable, although no concrete evidence has yet to surface showing any formal cooperation, experts and current and former American officials said.
Kaspersky Lab said in a statement that Mr. Flynn was paid a fee for remarks he delivered at a 2015 cybersecurity forum in Washington.
“As a private company, Kaspersky Lab has no ties to any government, but the company is proud to collaborate with the authorities of many countries, as well as international law enforcement agencies in the fight against cybercrime,” the statement said.
Phone messages and emails to Mr. Flynn and his lawyer were not returned on Thursday.
The information about the money Mr. Flynn received for his 2015 trip is just the latest controversy for the retired general, who was one of the president’s earliest supporters. Last week, Mr. Flynn filed papers acknowledging that he worked as a foreign agent last year representing the Turkish government.
Mr. Flynn had registered as a lobbyist last year but did not file papers with the Justice Department registering as a foreign agent.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Tom Sawyer, Mark Twain’s fictional rapscallion, turned up on Wednesday night in the ballroom of a fancy Washington hotel. No stranger to adventures and indignities, he was there to endure something new and distinctively American: a lawsuit.
A lighthearted Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. presided over the case, brought by several boys, played by actors, who had come to regret whitewashing Aunt Polly’s fence. Tom’s guile in persuading them to do his work, they said, amounted to fraudulent misrepresentation.
The boys, though of limited means, had somehow managed to hire Paul D. Clement, a legal superstar, to represent them. But Mr. Clement faced an uphill fight.
“Your clients are not blameless in this affair,” Chief Justice Roberts said. “They don’t come here with clean hands. Their purpose in approaching Mr. Sawyer was to taunt him.”
Mr. Clement, who appears frequently before the chief justice in actual Supreme Court arguments, said he worried that his clients — Ben Rogers, Johnny Miller and Billy Fisher — could not get a fair hearing given Tom’s celebrity.
“We don’t play favorites for famous people,” Mr. Clement said. “The law is supposed to treat the Tom Sawyers of the world and the Ben Rogerses of the world the same.”
The evening was concocted by the Washington University School of Law in St. Louis, which is celebrating its 150th anniversary.
On Wednesday night, the audience, in black tie and other finery, greeted the quips from the lawyers and judges with generous laughter.
A second member of the three-judge panel, Judge Nina Pillard of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, asked whether Mr. Clement had failed to disclose a conflict of interest. His name, she said, much resembled the one Mark Twain was born with, Samuel Clemens.
The third member of the panel, Judge Raymond W. Gruender of the Eighth Circuit, in St. Louis, wondered whether Tom had done nothing more than create a microaggression, a term that probably confused the boy.
Chief Justice Roberts bore down on the core legal issues.
“Your clients were perfectly happy with their bargain when they finished painting the fence, weren’t they?” he asked Mr. Clement. “They just got disappointed that Tom had all of the trinkets of the boys in town.”
Among the things the boys had traded for the privilege of doing Tom’s work were an apple, a kite, a dead rat on a string, 12 marbles, a couple of tadpoles, a fragment of chalk and a kitten with one eye.
Those trades were proof of fraud, Mr. Clement said.
“At various points, he made misrepresentations to my clients that induced them to part with their very valuable items, including the aforementioned dead rat,” he said. “I think that is the essence of a fraudulent misrepresentation.”
Chief Justice Roberts suggested another legal theory, one that would entitle the boys to triple what they had lost.
“He monopolized all of the things that are fun to play with,” the chief justice said of Tom. “This would seem to be an antitrust case. I think the boys may be entitled to treble damages.”
On the other hand, the chief justice did not seem persuaded that Tom had said anything false to the boys. Asked, for instance, whether he liked whitewashing fences, Tom had said: “Like it? Well, I don’t see why I oughtn’t to like it. Does a boy get a chance to whitewash a fence every day?”
That struck the chief justice as an opinion rather than a fact, but Mr. Clement had a subtle response.
“Every opinion states at least one representation of fact,” he said, “which is that the person actually holds that opinion.”
Tom was represented by Cate Stetson, another accomplished appellate lawyer. She said no sensible boy would have relied on her client’s statements.
Chief Justice Roberts said Tom had taken advantage of his friends, but Ms. Stetson said that could not be so.
“These were Tom’s bosom friends, and in that respect they knew him full well and they knew his measure,” she said. A true friend, she said, could not have been fooled.
Judge Pillard countered that we live in an age of shifting realities. “What if this is really a case where we are dealing with ‘alternative facts?’” she asked.
The bottom line, Ms. Stetson said, was that the boys had received a fair trade. “They experienced the benefit of their bargain: I give you my dead rat on a string, you let me whitewash your fence,” she said.
The boys had argued that the experience did harm to their dignity and self-respect.
“To that I would say this,” Ms. Stetson said. “I recently bought a ticket to a moving picture called ‘Kong: Skull Island.’ I bought the ticket to the moving picture because I was told by a reputable reviewer that it was a homage to ‘Apocalypse Now.’”
“It was a movie about a big monkey. Did I lose my dignity? Yes, I did. Did I lose my self-respect? Absolutely. Fool me once, shame on me. That is the same lesson I think these boys learned from transacting with Tom Sawyer.”
Chief Justice Roberts let out a hearty laugh.
After a brief deliberation, Chief Justice Roberts announced that the matter was moot in light of the high-price legal talent in the case, Rogers v. Sawyer, No. 47-022. The trinkets at issue — the rat, cat, marbles, tadpoles and the rest — could not be returned to the boys, he said.
“It doesn’t make any difference because wherever the objects were sent, they would immediately be seized by their respective lawyers for attorneys’ fees,” he said. “So the lawyers win.”
There was laughter and applause in the ballroom, followed by baked alaska.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump and House Republican leaders worked Thursday to win conservative support for legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act, offering concessions to speed cutbacks in Medicaid and dismantle more of President Barack Obama’s signature health law.
But in a bid to ensure passage of the Republican health care bill in the House, White House and Republican leaders risked losing support in more moderate quarters of their party — not only in the narrowly divided Senate, but in an increasingly nervous House.
A faster path to Medicaid cuts, new work requirements for Medicaid recipients and potentially smaller tax credits for the working poor could mollify conservatives who are pressing for a smaller government footprint on the health care system, but they would cut deeper into the benefits that many Trump voters have enjoyed under the Affordable Care Act.
White House officials have made clear that they are open to supporting amendments that would require a quicker end to the expansion of Medicaid under the 2010 health care law, according to an administration official involved in negotiations with Congress.
Representative Joe L. Barton, Republican of Texas, and other conservatives want to freeze the expansion of Medicaid next year, two years earlier than under the legislation drafted by House Republican leaders. Referring to this change, Mr. Barton said, “The Trump administration is open to it.”
But in an interview, Representative Leonard Lance, Republican of New Jersey, said: “I am opposed to that. New Jersey expanded Medicaid. I don’t want that to be eliminated.” The federal government pays at least 90 percent of Medicaid costs for newly eligible beneficiaries, and Mr. Lance said, “I would like that to continue for at least several years.”
Speaker Paul D. Ryan said Mr. Trump was now fully engaged.
“This president is getting deeply involved,” Mr. Ryan said. “He is helping bridge gaps in our conference. He is a constructive force to help us get to a resolution.”
The political stakes for the president and the speaker could hardly be higher. If they succeed in undoing the Affordable Care Act, it would add momentum to efforts to enact other items on their agenda, such as tax cuts and a rewrite of the tax code. If they fail, it would embolden Democrats keen to block Mr. Trump — and conservatives still seeking to imprint their hard-line policies.
But they are in a delicate dance with conservatives and moderates. Halting the expansion of Medicaid in 2018, rather than in 2020, “would be a huge problem, enormously problematic,” said Representative Charlie Dent, Republican of Pennsylvania, one of 31 states that have expanded eligibility for Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act.
House Republicans appeared determined to power through, despite divisions in their ranks. On Thursday, the House Budget Committee approved a motion to send the repeal bill to the full House, where Republican leaders plan to take it up this month.
But the 19-to-17 vote in the Budget Committee portends possible difficulties. Three conservative Republicans — Dave Brat of Virginia, Gary Palmer of Alabama and Mark Sanford of South Carolina — voted no, joining a united Democratic opposition.
“This legislation is a conservative vision for free-market, patient-centered health care,” said Representative Diane Black of Tennessee, the chairwoman of the Budget Committee. “It dismantles Obamacare’s mandates and taxes. It puts health care decisions back in the hands of patients and doctors.”
The Budget Committee endorsed a Republican proposal suggesting that the bill could be improved by imposing work requirements on certain Medicaid beneficiaries — able-bodied adults without minor children. Representative Glenn Grothman, Republican of Wisconsin, said that Medicaid in its current form was “a seductive entitlement” that encourages people “not to work at all, or to work less.”
That change would have to be made later in the legislative process; the committee approved a motion directing Ms. Black to seek an amendment authorizing work requirements.
Republican leaders acknowledged that they did not yet have the votes to ensure that the full House would pass the repeal bill, but Mr. Ryan said he was “working hand in glove” with Mr. Trump to achieve that goal.
Mr. Trump “knows how to connect directly with people,” Mr. Ryan said
House passage, Mr. Trump’s aides believe, would force the Senate Republican holdouts to consider whether they would be willing to vote against repeal of a law they have been pledging to undo for seven years.
To make opposition even harder for Senate Republicans, Mr. Trump’s aides plan to deploy him to states he won where Republican senators may be uneasy about the current legislation.
With no hope of winning support from Democrats, Ms. Black appealed to members of her party.
“To my Republican colleagues who have doubts,” Ms. Black said, “I encourage you: Don’t cut off discussion. Stay in this effort and help us enhance this proposal by advancing it out of committee and pushing for further conservative reforms. Members who desire to see this bill improved have every right to make their voices heard.”
Last week, Mr. Ryan appeared to reject major changes sought by conservatives, saying, “It really comes down to a binary choice” between the repeal bill and that status quo.
But on Wednesday, after a meeting of the House Republican Conference where Vice President Mike Pence tried to rally support for the legislation, Mr. Ryan opened the door to changes, saying, “We can make some necessary improvements and refinements to the bill.”
The bill would eliminate tax penalties for people who go without insurance and create a new system of tax credits to help people buy private insurance. It would roll back the expansion of Medicaid authorized by the Affordable Care Act and give each state a fixed allotment of federal money to provide health care to low-income people on Medicaid.
Beyond the faster end to the Medicaid expansion and work requirements for some Medicaid beneficiaries, some conservatives are still pressing to limit the size of the tax credit for the purchase of insurance to no more than the amount of federal income taxes a recipient owes. That would further hurt low-income consumers who may owe little or nothing in income taxes, and under the current proposal would receive financial assistance from the government to help offset insurance costs.
Democrats on the Budget Committee found support for their case in a report issued this week by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office. The report estimated that the House Republican bill would increase the number of people without insurance by 14 million next year and by 21 million in 2020. “In just three years,” said Representative John Yarmuth of Kentucky, the ranking Democrat on the Budget Committee, “the entire gains under the Affordable Care Act will be wiped out.”
Some 20 million uninsured people have gained coverage under the law, which was signed by Mr. Obama seven years ago.
Representative Sheila Jackson Lee, Democrat of Texas, said: “This is a bust-Medicaid bill. It is not a health care bill.”
Representative John J. Faso, Republican of New York, had previously raised questions about a provision of the bill that would cut off federal funds for Planned Parenthood clinics.
But on Thursday he said the overall bill was needed to protect people against potential harm from the health law. “Many people across the country are happy with the Affordable Care Act,” Mr. Faso said. “But just as many, if not more, are seeing extraordinary increases in premiums, extraordinary increases in deductibles. They can no longer afford it.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Making the rounds at the Capitol on a recent evening, Mick Mulvaney, President Trump’s budget director, decided to add an unscheduled stop: a meeting of the House Freedom Caucus, the group of hard-line conservatives that once counted Mr. Mulvaney as a founding member.
This history, it seems, does not afford lifetime privileges.
After addressing the room briefly, amid the group’s push to oppose the Republican health care bill endorsed by Mr. Trump, Mr. Mulvaney was interrupted, respectfully, by the caucus’s chairman, Representative Mark Meadows of North Carolina.
“Mark said, ‘Look, Mick, we’re going to ask you to step out because we know your loyalties are different now than they were,’” recalled Mr. Mulvaney, a South Carolina congressman from 2011 until his confirmation last month. “And I said, ‘Mark, you’re absolutely right.’”
He left without complaint.
As Mr. Trump unveils his budget plans this week — against the backdrop of a health care bill that Mr. Mulvaney’s former colleagues detest — the man charged with executing the White House’s fiscal vision is a figure who, not very long ago, might well have been leading the opposition to much of it.
While Mr. Mulvaney’s first budget does call for some of the deepest cuts to domestic programs in decades, in many ways his fiscal philosophy appears at odds with that of the president.
Mr. Mulvaney has long railed against runaway military spending; Mr. Trump wants a huge increase.
He has favored drastic changes to Medicare and lifting the eligibility age for Social Security, placing him at odds with Mr. Trump, who has pledged to protect those entitlement programs.
And as administration officials and Republican leaders on Capitol Hill strain to muscle the health care bill through the House, Mr. Mulvaney has been placed in the unusual position of selling his former comrades on its merits.
“He’s a very worthy opponent, let’s put it that way,” Mr. Meadows said. “You can be a worthy adversary and not be an enemy.”
Before being asked to leave the meeting, Mr. Mulvaney did persuade the group to hold a future gathering at a more exclusive address: the White House bowling alley, for a night of pizza and health care policy.
Those who knew Mr. Mulvaney before he was the nation’s budget guru say that such gestures are typical of a man whose hard-line leanings in Congress belied a collegial style.
“He had a great sense of humor that could take you by surprise,” said Carolyn Tillman, who was a classmate of Mr. Mulvaney’s at Charlotte Catholic High School in North Carolina. “He was always very interested in other people’s opinions.”
But even then Mr. Mulvaney’s ambition was apparent. He edited the school newspaper, served as student council president, acted in theater performances and served as president of the science club. He was also on the wrestling and golf teams and was a manager for the varsity basketball team.
After graduating from Georgetown University, Mr. Mulvaney went on to become a lawyer and then worked in the real estate and restaurant industries before jumping into South Carolina politics. By then a father of triplets, he was elected in 2006 to the State House of Representatives, where he gained a reputation as a budding fiscal hawk and policy maven.
“He very much believes in the smaller government, lower taxation model,” said Joel Lourie, a former Democratic state senator in South Carolina who is a friend of Mr. Mulvaney’s. “During his career both in the legislature and in Congress he was very consistent in that regard.”
Mr. Lourie did note that some of Mr. Mulvaney’s former colleagues in South Carolina have wondered how he really feels about carrying out a Trump administration agenda that includes plans for big infrastructure spending and health care legislation that subsidizes insurance.
“It’s been a little surprising for many in this state to see Mick on the front lines pushing a health care proposal that many of the more conservative members of Congress are not supporting,” Mr. Lourie said. “That’s a little bit of a departure for him.”
This is, after all, the same man who once gathered in a Capitol Hill chapel with three fellow conservative freshmen members from South Carolina in 2011, seeking spiritual guidance as the government was hours away from shutting down. (His decision: a vote against a spending deal to keep the lights on.)
And Mr. Mulvaney found an unlikely kindred spirit, at least on one issue, in Representative Barney Frank of Massachusetts, the now-retired liberal Democrat with whom he joined forces on a push to stifle military spending.
After his nomination, Mr. Mulvaney was eventually approved with just 51 votes, navigating a confirmation process that included revelations that he had failed to pay more than $15,000 in payroll taxes for a household employee.
At his committee hearing, Mr. Mulvaney pledged to be a sober purveyor of bad news, if necessary.
“The credibility I think I bring to this job is that I believe very firmly in real numbers,” Mr. Mulvaney told lawmakers. “My job is to tell the president the truth. My job is to tell you the truth.”
Since taking the job, he seems to have embraced a more targeted mission statement, articulated at a White House briefing last month. Mr. Mulvaney had been asked why foreign aid, a small fraction of federal spending, was an expected target of the Trump budget.
“Yes, it’s a fairly small part of the discretionary budget, but it’s still consistent with what the president said,” Mr. Mulvaney said. “When you see these reductions, you’ll be able to tie it back to a speech the president gave or something the president has said previously.”
The administration’s task, he said, was “taking his words and turning them into policies and dollars.”
At times, he has also found occasion to dispute certain numbers that displeased the White House. After the Congressional Budget Office projected an increase of 24 million people without health insurance by 2026, Mr. Mulvaney began an appearance on Fox News from snowy Washington by declaring, “Welcome to Washington, where the C.B.O. says it’s sunny and 75 degrees.”
Before the report’s release, he suggested that estimating the effects of legislation, a chief function of the C.B.O., “probably isn’t the best use of their time.”
Then there was the claim, presented without evidence on CNN, that the Obama administration had been “manipulating the numbers” in recent years to suppress the unemployment rate.
Mr. Frank, the former congressman, recalled his bygone alliance with Mr. Mulvaney fondly, even as he expressed little sympathy for any discomfort Mr. Mulvaney might now encounter in his new role.
“The president does not have the power to force you to become budget director,” Mr. Frank said.
He was reminded, he said, of a line attributed to King Henry IV of France, who converted to Catholicism to seize the throne: “Paris is worth a Mass.”
“I guess,” Mr. Frank said, “being budget director is worth military spending.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — It was déjà vu on Wednesday: President Trump traveled to Detroit and Nashville for campaign-style rallies, sat down for an interview with Fox News and criticized a federal judge for blocking his travel ban.
Through it all, Mr. Trump repeated a series of misleading assertions and falsehoods, such as when he seemed simultaneously to walk back and yet double down on his accusation that President Barack Obama had wiretapped him.
“That really covers surveillance and many other things. Nobody ever talks about the fact that it was in quotes,” he said on Fox News before adding, “I think you’re going to find some very interesting items coming to the forefront in the next two weeks.”
Here’s an assessment of some of his recent claims.
This is misleading. The Times article Mr. Trump referred to did use the word “wiretap” but it did not assert that Mr. Obama had ordered surveillance of Mr. Trump, nor did it even mention Mr. Obama. Rather, the story referred to intercepted information collected overseas.
The headline in print read, “Wiretapped Data Used in Inquiry of Trump Aides.” And the word appeared twice in the text of the article: “intelligence reports based on some of the wiretapped communications had been provided to the White House” and “If Mr. Sessions is confirmed, he will for a time be the only person in the government authorized to seek foreign intelligence wiretaps on American soil.”
False. Mr. Trump has proposed to add $54 billion to the Pentagon’s budget, which amounts to a 10 percent increase. There have been at least 10 larger increases to the base defense budget since the 1977 fiscal year and four since 2002.
Factoring in war spending, Mr. Trump’s claim is even less credible. There have been 27 years since 1940 in which the military spending was as high or higher than the proposed increase. As a percentage of gross domestic product, there have been roughly 35 years in which military spending matched or surpassed what Mr. Trump is calling for.
This needs context. Mr. Trump cleared the way for the pipelines previously blocked by the Obama administration early in his presidency and has previously specified that the two will create “tens of thousands of jobs.”
Keystone, according to a 2014 State Department estimate, would support 42,000 temporary jobs, about 3,900 in construction, and 35 permanent jobs. But Mr. Trump’s presidential directive on using American steel does not apply to Keystone.
This is misleading. Mr. Obama began targeting unauthorized immigrants who had been convicted of serious crimes, who were considered national security threats and who had recently arrived, in 2014. By the end of his presidency, about 90 percent of those deported had criminal records.
The individuals killed by undocumented immigrants mentioned by Mr. Trump in his joint address to Congress, for example, have received widespread coverage. Here are New York Times stories on Jamiel Shaw Jr., Danny Oliver and Michael Davis. 
This is misleading. Independent analyses do not support Mr. Trump’s claim. The New America Foundation identified 12 jihadist terrorists who had killed people in the United States since Sept. 11, 2001. All were American citizens or permanent residents and none had ties to the countries named in Mr. Trump’s executive order.
Out of the nearly 400 nondeadly jihadist terrorist attacks on American soil since 9/11, perpetrators were linked to Iran or Somalia in three cases. Both countries were named in the travel ban.
According to Charles Kurzman, a sociology professor at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, immigrant Muslim extremists have accounted for 16 out of 240,000 murders in the United States since 9/11.
This needs context. The Congressional Budget Office and the Joint Committee on Taxation estimated that the bill would repeal $883 billion in Affordable Care Act taxes. Nearly $275 billion would come from tossing out a payroll tax increase and a tax on net investment income that affect just the top 5 percent of earners.
The other big cut, $145 billion, comes from the repeal of the health insurance sales tax, which affects everyone. According to the Tax Policy Center, two-thirds of the cuts would benefit the top 20 percent of taxpayers, with 40 percent going to the top 1 percent of income earners.
“They’re changing the way the benefits and costs are distributed,” said Roberton Williams, an analyst at the Tax Policy Center. “It’s hard to argue that the rich won’t do well.”
This is misleading. The Defense Department announced $728 million in reductions in February, two months after Mr. Trump criticized the high cost. Mr. Trump certainly accelerated the negotiations, but the costs began to go down in 2011.
This is misleading. Mr. Trump has previously specified this claim to Japan. American cars are very rare in Japan, though this is not a result of Japanese policies or trade barriers but rather the price and reputation of American cars.
In fact, the United States adds a 2.5 percent tariff on Japanese cars while Japan has no border tax on automobiles from the United States.



ARTICLE
The prime minister of Ireland, Enda Kenny, visited the White House on Thursday for a St. Patrick’s Day tradition: the shamrock ceremony, during which he gave the American president a bowl filled with the three-leaf symbol of Ireland.
The annual event is part of a packed day that includes breakfast with the Irish-American vice president, lunch with the Irish-American speaker of the House and — perhaps — a few drinks.
On Friday, there will be an anti-Trump immigrant solidarity event in New York organized by Aodhan O’Riordain, an Irish senator who made headlines last year when he called the newly elected Donald J. Trump a “fascist” during a speech in Parliament.
The event, called an “Irish Stand,” will denounce the new administration, its immigration policies and its many Irish-American members, including Vice President Mike Pence and Mr. Trump’s chief strategist, Stephen K. Bannon.
The dueling events highlight a political divide in Irish America, which includes more than 33 million people, and between Irish America and Ireland itself, an increasingly liberal country of about five million people. Mr. Trump is deeply unpopular there, but Irish-American leaders said he might have drawn just under half of the Irish-American vote, part of a decades-long drift to the right by a once solidly Democratic bloc.
“There is a very deep political divide on Trump,” said Niall O’Dowd, the publisher of The Irish Voice newspaper, Irish America magazine and IrishCentral.com, which are based in New York.
A poll of his readers by the Irish polling group Amarach found that 47 percent said they had voted for Hillary Clinton, and 25 percent for Mr. Trump, with 20 percent declining to say. Mr. O’Dowd said he believed many of the people who did not specify were Trump voters: “It’s a thing a lot of people don’t want to talk about.”
Last week, Fintan O’Toole, a columnist for The Irish Times, wrote that responding to the Trump administration was “a moment of truth about what it means to be Irish in the world.”
“We either wink at a racism that affords most of us the privilege of a white skin,” he wrote. “Or we honour the struggles of so many millions of Irish immigrants to be accepted as equal human beings.”
Irish-Americans were staunch Democrats for much of the 20th century, backing the New Deal, venerating the Kennedys and supporting President Bill Clinton’s efforts to negotiate peace in Northern Ireland, said Timothy J. Meagher, a historian at the Catholic University of America. Now Irish-Americans are much more mixed.
Dr. Meagher said Irish-Americans’ shift to the right was driven by reasons both complex and common: Many Catholics opposed abortion and gay marriage; some upwardly mobile Irish-Americans wanted lower taxes; those who were struggling financially were often part of a broader white working-class estrangement from the Democratic Party, in which anxieties about race and immigration played a role.
“In terms of who would invoke their own past to explain their beliefs, you might get that on either side” of the political divide, Dr. Meagher said. “You see people who might say, ‘My people came here legally,’ even though there weren’t real restrictions on white immigrants coming to the United States until 1924.”
“People say, ‘We obeyed the rules,’” he added. “But the rules weren’t too tough.”
Mr. Trump, who owns a golf course in Ireland, has surrounded himself with Irish-Americans. In addition to the vice president and Mr. Bannon, others include Kellyanne Conway, a counselor; Sean Spicer, his press secretary; John F. Kelly, the Homeland Security secretary; and Michael T. Flynn, the former national security adviser.
Some leading Republicans, like Mr. Pence and Speaker Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin, identify strongly as Irish-American. During a St. Patrick’s Day event last year, Mr. Ryan spoke about visiting his Irish relatives in the village his ancestors left in the 19th century. “I’ve always taken a special pride in my Irish roots,” he said.
Ted Smyth, a former Irish diplomat and the vice president of Glucksman Ireland House at New York University, said he found it difficult to reconcile an embrace of Irishness with support for Mr. Trump’s immigration policies.
“The hope is that when they get to power that they’d remember where they came from and would want to look out for the next generation of immigrants,” Mr. Smyth said. But, he added, “hope springs eternal.”
Mr. O’Riordain is less optimistic. He said Mr. Trump’s Irish-American supporters had betrayed their roots and has compared them to Irish-American slaveholders in the South who were admonished by the 19th-century Irish leader Daniel O’Connell.
“We faced every kind of negative stereotype you can think of,” Mr. O’Riordain said. “For these people now to forget all that and to think of the Irish immigrant experience as some kind of white Christian success story is an outrage.”
Mr. Kenny’s visit to the White House comes as the Trump administration faces a legal battle over its attempt to bar entry to residents of six predominantly Muslim countries.
That has made this year’s White House shamrock ceremony controversial in Ireland, where almost 40,000 people signed a petition demanding that Mr. Kenny cancel it, an effort endorsed by Martin O’Malley, a former Maryland governor and Democratic presidential candidate. But the event has gone ahead.
Mr. Kenny drew further criticism — including from the mayor of Boston — for saying he would lobby Mr. Trump to legalize the status of the estimated 50,000 Irish citizens living illegally in the United States. That number represents about 1 percent of Ireland’s population.
“There’s this incredibly racist conversation about ‘maybe we should let these ones stay, they’re good, maybe we can sort them out,’” said Maeve Higgins, who hosts a podcast on immigration. She said American politics reminded her of school lessons about Ireland’s 19th-century famine and the wave of emigrants it produced.
“When I see these Irish names in the White House and I see what they’re doing to refugees, my mind goes straight to the coffin ships,” she said. “That was us 100 years ago on the boats, drowning. What’s the difference, that these people are brown and black?"
She said she was opposed to Mr. Kenny’s White House visit. “It sounds so funny to be like: ‘Don’t give him a bowl of shamrocks! Put down that bowl of shamrocks!’” she said. “But it’s come to that.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — As Judge Neil M. Gorsuch prepares for his Supreme Court confirmation hearings, liberal groups are promising a furious fight that they say will rival the most memorable clashes over candidates to the nation’s highest court. Here is a look at some other major confirmations fights — and how they turned out.
President George Bush’s nomination in 1991 of Judge Thomas at first seemed to go smoothly. Some doubted Mr. Bush’s claim that race had not figured in his decision to name a second black justice to take the place of the first one, Thurgood Marshall, a civil rights hero. There were also questions about Mr. Bush’s claim that Judge Thomas, 43, was the best qualified candidate.
But the nomination did not run into serious trouble until journalists disclosed that Anita Hill, then a law professor at the University of Oklahoma, had submitted a confidential sworn statement accusing Judge Thomas of sexual harassment.
Judge Thomas issued vehement denials. “This is a circus,” he told the Senate Judiciary Committee. “It’s a national disgrace. And from my standpoint, as a black American, it is a high-tech lynching for uppity blacks who in any way deign to think for themselves.”
The confirmation hearings riveted the nation but did not resolve the protagonists’ conflicting accounts. The Senate voted to confirm Justice Thomas by a vote of 52 to 48, the narrowest margin in more than a century.
President Ronald Reagan’s nomination of Judge Bork in 1987 left a lasting mark on the confirmation process and gave rise to a new verb. Nominees rejected on grounds unrelated to their professional qualifications are to this day said to have been “borked.”
Judge Bork was a former United States solicitor general, Yale law professor and groundbreaking antitrust scholar. But liberal groups and Democratic senators said his constitutional views were outside the mainstream.
Senator Edward M. Kennedy, Democrat of Massachusetts, described “Robert Bork’s America” as “a land in which women would be forced into back-alley abortions, blacks would sit at segregated lunch counters, rogue police could break down citizens’ doors in midnight raids, schoolchildren could not be taught about evolution, writers and artists could be censored at the whim of government.”
Judge Bork gave extended answers to the senators’ questions, in tones that struck some as candid and thoughtful and others as prickly and arrogant. Asked why he wanted to serve on the Supreme Court, he said: “It would be an intellectual feast just to be there and to read the briefs and discuss things with counsel and discuss things with my colleagues.”
The nomination was defeated by a 58 to 42 vote. That was the largest margin by which the Senate had ever rejected a Supreme Court nomination, and it was the last time the Senate voted down a Supreme Court nominee.
Chief Justice Rehnquist was confirmed twice, first as associate justice in 1971 and again as chief justice in 1986. Both times, he faced questions about a memorandum he had written as Supreme Court law clerk in 1952.
The memo was addressed to Justice Robert H. Jackson, was written in the first person and bore Mr. Rehnquist’s initials. It urged Justice Jackson to reject arguments made by lawyers in Brown v. Board of Education, the landmark school desegregation case, and to uphold Plessy v. Ferguson, the 1896 Supreme Court decision that said “separate but equal” facilities were constitutional.
“I realize that this is an unpopular and unhumanitarian position for which I have been excoriated by ‘liberal’ colleagues,” Mr. Rehnquist wrote in 1952, “but I think Plessy v. Ferguson was right and should be reaffirmed.”
Chief Justice Rehnquist always maintained that the memorandum was a reflection of Justice Jackson’s views and not his own. That assertion was hard to square with most of the available evidence.
In 1971, Justice Rehnquist was confirmed by a vote of 68 to 26. In 1986, he was elevated to chief justice by a vote of 65 to 33, which was at the time the largest number of votes against a successful Supreme Court nominee.
President Woodrow Wilson’s nomination of Mr. Brandeis in 1916 faced furious opposition from much of the legal establishment. A leading progressive lawyer and the first Jew named to the Supreme Court, Justice Brandeis was described by his opponents, often with only slightly disguised anti-Semitism, as a radical.
As was the custom at the time, Mr. Brandeis did not appear at his confirmation hearings. But that did not make them any less brutal.
The president of Harvard University, where Mr. Brandeis had attended law school, opposed his nomination, as did seven former presidents of the American Bar Association. William Howard Taft, the former president and future chief justice, called him “utterly unscrupulous” and “a man of infinite cunning.”
The New York Times’s editorial page opposed the nomination. “Mr. Brandeis is essentially a contender, a striver after changes and reforms that, under our system of government, can properly be achieved only through legislation, not through the judgments of the courts,” one editorial said.
Justice Brandeis was confirmed by a vote of 47 to 22 four months after his nomination, which remains the longest a successful nominee has waited to take a seat on the Supreme Court. He went on to become, in the estimation of many of legal scholars, one of the greatest justices to serve on the Supreme Court.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — To secure the southern border — his top campaign promise — President Trump next year is seeking to hire 100 new government lawyers, add 1,500 law enforcement officials and spend more than $1 billion on detention and deportation, according to the White House budget plan released on Thursday.
The proposal, which includes a $2 billion down payment on Mr. Trump’s signature border wall, is one of the single largest investments in the president’s budget plan. Yet experts say it appears only to scratch the surface of what Mr. Trump has pledged, and highlights the difficulty of translating campaign promises into a workable, governing reality.
“It’s easy to promise things until you have to pay for them,” said Theresa Cardinal Brown, the director of immigration policy at the Bipartisan Policy Center and a former senior official at the Department of Homeland Security. “It is certainly an attempt to begin to carry out what he promised.”
Mr. Trump is proposing to pay for his border security plan by marshaling savings from across the federal government. To what extent it is ultimately funded will depend in large part on Congress, which makes spending decisions based on the president’s proposals.
Democrats have pledged to fight tooth and nail against the wall and stepped-up immigration enforcement. That means that funding is likely to come down to how much political capital the Republican leadership on Capitol Hill is willing to spend on a project they have tried to downplay, despite Mr. Trump’s urgings.
The changes will not come cheaply.
If funded, Mr. Trump’s plan would spend billions of dollars on the design and construction of the wall. It would also prompt a hiring spree in the Justice and Homeland Security Departments to step up enforcement and the deportation of people who are in the United States illegally. Programs and agencies of all sizes from across the federal government would face cuts to pay for the plan.
The largest single chunk of money is reserved for the border wall itself, one of Mr. Trump’s signature campaign promises that has deeply polarized American voters. The proposal calls for $2.6 billion to be spent on “tactical infrastructure” and other security technology at the border, including money to plan, design and begin building the wall.
Another $314 million would go toward hiring and training 500 new Border Patrol agents and 1,000 Immigration and Customs Enforcement personnel next year. An additional $1.5 billion would pay to build new detention facilities for illegal immigrants and to fund their removal from the country.
The budget also dedicates money for enacting a mandatory nationwide E-Verify program for businesses to determine the eligibility of applicants to work in the country.
Though Mr. Trump has proposed an overall increase of $2.8 billion, or 6.8 percent, to the Homeland Security budget, agencies within the department would face cuts — including $667 million from the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s state and local grant programs, and $80 million from the T.S.A.
The New York Times reported last week that Mr. Trump was also pursuing steep reductions to the Coast Guard’s budget, a move that would most likely receive significant pushback in Congress. The budget released on Thursday made no mention of the agency, however.
Mr. Trump also is seeking to cut $1 billion from the Justice Department, even as he bolsters its immigration courts by $80 million. That would pay for the hiring of 75 new teams of judges to speed removal proceedings for people in the country illegally.
Though it does not offer a price tag, the budget also calls for an additional 60 border enforcement prosecutors and 40 United States Marshals to help apprehend and convict those in the country illegally who commit crimes.
Beyond the funds for detentions in the proposed Homeland Security budget, Mr. Trump is calling for the Justice Department to spend $171 million for short-term holding facilities for federal detainees, including those who are here illegally.
And foreshadowing what could be years of bitter legal fights with landowners from Texas to California, Mr. Trump wants to hire 20 lawyers to obtain land in the Southwest on which to build the wall or other security facilities.
Despite its size and scope, the proposal leaves unanswered how Mr. Trump would reach several of his most prominently stated goals, including the wall’s prompt construction and the quick hiring of 5,000 additional Border Patrol agents and 10,000 new Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers.
Senator Mitch McConnell, the majority leader, has said he expects the wall to cost between $12 billion and $15 billion. Other estimates put it significantly higher, meaning that the White House would need to find billions of dollars more to make good on the pledge. And with Homeland Security Secretary John F. Kelly promising to complete the project in two years, it will need to do so quickly.
It was similarly unclear how the administration intends to meet or pay for Mr. Trump’s hiring goals for I.C.E. and the Border Patrol. R. Gil Kerlikowske, who served as former President Barack Obama’s commissioner of the United States Customs and Border Protection agency, said that when he left the agency in January, it was struggling to fill already budgeted positions, much less drastically expand the work force and infrastructure supporting it.
That issue and others, Mr. Kerlikowske said, would most likely raise red flags for congressional appropriators who may not agree with the president’s priorities — or find them appropriately funded in his proposal.
“What the campaign promises were versus what you actually see in the budget are a pretty big stretch,” he said.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump will send a budget to Congress on Thursday that sharply reorders the nation’s priorities by spending billions of dollars on defending the southern border and bolstering the Pentagon while severely cutting funds for foreign aid, poverty programs and the environment.
The budget would fulfill Mr. Trump’s campaign promise to shock Washington by slashing the government work force — but it is virtually ensured to be discarded by Hill Republicans who see many of Mr. Trump’s cuts as too rushed, indiscriminate and reckless.
“You can’t drain the swamp and leave all of the people in it,” Mick Mulvaney, the White House’s budget director, said during a briefing on Wednesday.
The budget would cut the Environmental Protection Agency by 31 percent, the State Department by 28 percent and Health and Human Services by 17.9 percent. Funding to several smaller government agencies that have long been targets of conservatives — like the Legal Services Corporation, the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, the National Endowment for the Humanities and the National Endowment for the Arts — would be axed entirely.
The chances of Mr. Trump’s first budget passing Congress in its current form are slim. Many of the proposals would be nonstarters for Democrats, and some would be problematic for Republicans. The proposed $54 billion increase in military spending — a 10 percent increase — would also require a repeal of spending caps imposed by the 2011 Budget Control Act; Democrats oppose such a move without equal spending increases for domestic programs.
The most significant cuts would be at the E.P.A., which the Trump administration has accused of overreach. The president wants to trim $2.6 billion from the agency’s budget, in part by cutting about 3,200 positions, about a fifth of the department’s work force.
If enacted, the proposal would cut the agency’s budget to its lowest level in 40 years, adjusted for inflation. That would mean eliminating funding for climate change research, closing state environmental programs and ending regional projects like the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, which has bipartisan support.
Mr. Trump would also cut funding to the United Nations for its climate change efforts, and curb contributions to its peacekeeping efforts. Contributions to the World Bank would be cut by $650 million, and economic and development assistance would be “refocused” to countries of greatest strategic interest to the United States.
The brunt of the cuts at the Department of Health and Human Services would be at the National Institutes of Health, the country’s medical research hub. The $403 million currently used for training nurses and other medical professionals would also be eliminated.
Mr. Trump’s team also proposed a wide array of cuts to public education, Amtrak and the Department of Housing and Urban Development, including eliminating the $3 billion Community Development Block Grant program, which funds popular programs like Meals on Wheels, housing assistance and other community assistance efforts.
Much of the money saved by these cuts would go to national security programs.
Besides the military, the Department of Homeland Security would also receive an infusion of cash. An additional $2.8 billion would go largely to pay for a wall along the border with Mexico and the hiring of 500 Border Patrol Agents and 1,000 Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers next year. The budget also calls for the hiring of 20 lawyers in the Justice Department who would work to obtain land along the border for the wall.
The White House is expected to make a supplemental request of $1.5 billion on Thursday to get work started on the wall this year.
Government funding for the current fiscal year will run out on April 28, and the 2018 budget needs to be in place by October. Democrats in Congress warned this week that there could be a government shutdown if Republicans insisted on including funding for the wall in their request.
The $1.1 trillion plan is a “skinny budget,” a pared-down first draft of the line-by-line appropriations request submitted by first-term administrations during their first few months. A broader budget will be released in the spring that will include Mr. Trump’s tax proposals as well as the bulk of government spending — Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid and other entitlement programs.
Mr. Trump’s version is even skinnier than usual, a result of Mr. Mulvaney’s drawn-out confirmation process in the Senate.
As reports of Mr. Trump’s cuts trickled out over the last month, some Republicans made their concerns known. Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina declared the proposed cuts to the State Department “dead on arrival,” and Senator Marco Rubio of Florida said that foreign aid was a small investment that played an important national security role.
Mr. Trump’s proposed cuts to the E.P.A. are a magnitude greater even than those envisioned by congressional Republicans, many of whom forcefully oppose the agency’s regulatory agenda. Last year, the House spending subcommittee that controls the agency’s budget proposed funding the agency at $8 billion, cutting just $291 million from President Barack Obama’s request.
The E.P.A. administrator, Scott Pruitt, who as Oklahoma’s attorney general spoke out against some of the agency’s core missions, went to the White House on Wednesday to request a smaller cut after the budget office first presented its preferred spending level. He pressed for about $7 billion, according a person familiar with the talks. Instead, the White House slashed his budget even further, to about $5.7 billion.
At the State Department, news of the proposed cuts — rumored for weeks — were met with a mixture of disbelief and defiance. Much of the senior staff on the building’s seventh floor was recently reassigned, and nearly all of the department’s top political posts remain unfilled.
With so few senior leaders, a top-to-bottom departmental overhaul would be difficult.
Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson is expected to be given wide latitude in how to apportion any cuts. Having spent his career at Exxon Mobil, Mr. Tillerson barely knows the department, and he has so far been unable to choose a deputy steeped in the ways of Foggy Bottom.
Under a 28 percent cut, the department’s $54 billion budget would go down to $39 billion, a number the department has not seen in inflation-adjusted terms since the Iraq and Afghanistan wars added enormous costs in staffing and security.
Many veteran diplomats said that injecting money into the Defense Department while slashing the State Department made little sense, since the functions of the two go hand in hand.
“We learned in both Iraq and Afghanistan that our military needs an effective civilian partner if victories on the battlefields are going to be converted into a sustainable peace,” said Stephen J. Hadley, Mr. Bush’s national security adviser. “And only a sustainable peace ensures that post-conflict states do not return again to becoming safe havens for terrorists.”
Steve Bell, a budget expert at the Bipartisan Policy Center, said Mr. Trump’s proposed cuts were the most severe in more than a half century. “When we passed the Reagan budget, we did not have cuts in the domestic programs anywhere near this size,” said Mr. Bell, who was staff director of the Senate Budget Committee from 1981 to 1986.
Mr. Mulvaney acknowledged that lawmakers of both parties were likely to resist changes that would affect pet projects in their states. However, he said that Mr. Trump’s budget was a sign that the president is a man of his word.
“We went to what the president said during the campaign,” Mr. Mulvaney said, “and we turned those policies into numbers.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Dina Powell, President Trump’s senior counselor for economic initiatives, has been named as a deputy national security adviser for strategy, Trump administration officials said Wednesday.
The selection of Ms. Powell is the most prominent appointment on the National Security Council staff since Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster was picked last month to serve as Mr. Trump’s national security adviser.
K. T. McFarland will continue to serve as the principal deputy national security adviser, making her the second-ranking official after General McMaster.
Ms. Powell was asked to take the job by General McMaster, who wants to put a greater emphasis at the council on developing and implementing strategy. Although she does not have extensive experience on national security issues, Ms. Powell has spent 15 years in government, has worked in the private sector and has a broad network of contacts.
Ms. Powell also works closely with Jared Kushner, the president’s son-in-law, and will be his closest liaison with the council.
Ms. Powell was recently the president of the Goldman Sachs Foundation. During her years at Goldman Sachs, she worked with Gary Cohn, Mr. Trump’s senior economic policy adviser, and she is expected to continue her role working on the administration’s economic initiatives.
She was born in Egypt, is fluent in Arabic and participated in Mr. Trump’s meeting this week with Mohammed bin Salman, the Saudi Arabian deputy crown prince and defense minister.
Ms. Powell was an assistant secretary of state for education and cultural affairs during President George W. Bush’s administration. Before working at the State Department, she was an assistant to the president for personnel. In the early phase of her career, she worked on Capitol Hill, and she has close relationships with Democrats as well as Republicans.
Her familiarity with working across government agencies may be useful for an administration that has gotten off to a rocky start.
“General McMaster understands that one of the things that is going to be especially important is interagency coordination, and to get that right requires additional senior level talent and somebody with real clout,” said Michael Anton, a spokesman for the council. “Ms. Powell’s private and public sector expertise will be essential.”
General McMaster has also asked Nadia Schadlow to join his staff as a deputy assistant to the president for national security strategy. Ms. Schadlow served as a senior officer at the Smith Richardson Foundation and is the author of a recent book that examined 15 cases in which the United States Army intervened abroad, and the service’s role in political and economic reconstruction.
She will be tasked with drafting the United States national security strategy, a comprehensive statement of the administration’s foreign policy and defense goals, which is issued by the White House.



ARTICLE
NASHVILLE — President Trump made a plea on Wednesday for his supporters to unite behind the Republican plan to overhaul Americans’ health care as the only way to squelch Democratic attempts to scuttle the plan. At the same time, facing resistance to the bill from within his own party, House Speaker Paul D. Ryan said it would be refined and improved.
“We want Americans to be able to purchase the health insurance plans they want, not the plans forced on them by our government,” Mr. Trump told about 10,000 supporters at the Municipal Auditorium in downtown Nashville. He spoke against the backdrop of a giant American flag to a crowd dotted with red trucker caps bearing his signature slogan, “Make America Great Again.”
“We’re going to all get together, we’re going to get something done,” Mr. Trump said. “Remember this: If we didn’t do it the way we’re doing it, we’d need 60 votes, so we’d have to get the Democrats involved. So we’re doing it a different way, a complex way.”
“It’s going to be fine,” Mr. Trump added.
The remarks were a nod to the complicated and politically risky approach Republicans have taken in pushing through legislation to repeal the health care law. The House plan championed by Mr. Ryan is coming under strain amid resistance, both from conservative Republicans concerned it is too close to Obamacare and from moderates who fear it will provide insufficient coverage for Americans who lack health insurance.
Mr. Ryan, fighting to keep the measure on track, said Wednesday that he was making “some necessary improvements and refinements” to the package to answer the concerns, which intensified this week after the Congressional Budget Office released a report estimating that the legislation would increase the number of people without health insurance by 24 million by 2026.
“Now that we have a score, we can incorporate feedback to improve this bill, to refine this bill, and those kinds of conversations are occurring between the White House, the House and the Senate, and our members,” Mr. Ryan said.
Previously, the speaker had referred to the measure as a “binary choice,” suggesting that Republicans must accept what many of them see as a flawed bill or lose the opportunity to enact a health care overhaul.
Mr. Trump has thrown his full support behind the legislation but is plainly concerned that the arcane legislative process will prompt a backlash that could undermine his presidency.
“If we’re not going to take care of the people, I’m not signing anything,” Mr. Trump said Wednesday evening in an interview with Fox News. “I’m not going to be doing it, just so you understand.”
He said he considered himself “an arbitrator” for Republican factions warring over the bill, and, asked whether the measure was the best his party could offer, said, “I think we’re going to have negotiation.”
Mr. Trump made his case on health care as he prepared to unveil a budget on Thursday that is expected to slash scores of domestic programs and illuminate his vision for radically scaling back the government.
“We have proposed a budget that will shrink the bloated federal bureaucracy — and I mean bloated — while protecting our national security,” Mr. Trump said, to cheers from his audience.
But even as he sought to focus on his own agenda during the second campaign rally of his young presidency, Mr. Trump was being drawn into yet another controversy over his travel ban on predominantly Muslim countries. Just before he was scheduled to take the stage in Nashville, Mr. Trump learned that a district judge in Hawaii had blocked the second iteration of his executive order, and the president took the stage fuming about the setback.
“This is, in the opinion of many, an unprecedented judicial overreach,” Mr. Trump said during his speech. “We’re going to fight this terrible ruling. We’re going to take our case as far as it needs to go, including all the way up to the Supreme Court. We’re going to win.”
Wednesday was supposed to provide a respite for Mr. Trump from the questions and controversies that have consumed him in Washington in recent days. He left behind a capital astir over his allegation that President Barack Obama tapped his phone during the fall campaign, after a top Republican said there was no evidence to back up the claim.
As he strode to Marine One in the morning, he ignored questions shouted by reporters about the leak on Tuesday of a portion of his 2005 tax return, which returned the spotlight to his refusal, unprecedented among recent presidents, to release any portion of his tax returns.
Mr. Trump traveled to Detroit for a speech to automakers highlighting his move to halt Obama-era fuel efficiency standards, arguing that stripping away regulations would allow the manufacture of more cars in the United States.
His decision to hold a rally in Nashville suggested a desire to reach beyond his core supporters. While he won the state of Tennessee handily — claiming 61 percent in the state to Hillary Clinton’s 35 percent — he was deeply unpopular in Nashville, the seat of a largely urban county where he won only one-third of the vote.
But the event contained no glimmer of outreach. It was a raucous re-enactment of the fiery and hyperpartisan rallies that powered his 2016 campaign, complete with Mr. Trump vowing repeatedly to “build that wall” on the southern border — a refrain his supporters chanted loudly in response — and a dig at Mrs. Clinton. He also paused for several moments to allow shouts of “Lock her up! Lock her up!” to echo throughout the hall.
Before the rally, Mr. Trump paid homage to a former American president whom he has often invoked as a kindred spirit, stopping to lay a wreath at the tomb of Andrew Jackson at his home, the Hermitage, to honor Mr. Jackson’s 250th birthday. Mr. Trump, who has styled himself a populist even thought he advocates many policies sought by corporate interests, has often mentioned his admiration for Jackson, who is also considered a fighter for the working man.
“It was during the Revolution that Jackson first confronted and defied an arrogant elite. Does that sound familiar?” Trump told a crowd gathered in front of the Hermitage.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — In December 2005, Congress handed President George W. Bush a significant defeat by tightening legal restrictions against torture in a law called the Detainee Treatment Act. Soon afterward, Neil M. Gorsuch — then a top Justice Department official — sent an email to a White House colleague in case he needed “cheering up” about the administration’s setback.
The email from Judge Gorsuch, nominated by President Trump to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court caused by the death of Justice Antonin Scalia, linked to articles about a less-noticed provision in the act that undercut the rights of Guantánamo Bay detainees by barring courts from hearing their habeas corpus lawsuits.
“The administration’s victory is not well known but its significance shouldn’t be understated,” wrote Judge Gorsuch, who had helped coordinate the Justice Department’s work with Congress on the bill.
The email about the court-stripping provision — which the Supreme Court later rejected — is among more than 150,000 pages of Bush-era Justice Department and White House documents involving Judge Gorsuch disclosed by the Trump administration ahead of his Senate confirmation hearings next week.
Judge Gorsuch’s time in the executive branch was brief. He joined the Justice Department in June 2005 as the principal deputy associate attorney general, meaning he was the top aide to the No. 3 official in the department. He left in August 2006, when Mr. Bush appointed him as a federal appeals court judge in Denver.
But those 14 months were tumultuous ones for the Bush administration amid controversies over detainee abuses, military commissions, warrantless surveillance and its broad claims of executive power. Judge Gorsuch’s job put him at the center of both litigation and negotiations with Congress over legislation about such topics.
References to those efforts may offer clues to Judge Gorsuch’s approach to the sort of national-security and executive power issues that rarely come before his appeals court but can be crucial at the Supreme Court.
In November 2005, for example, Judge Gorsuch visited Guantánamo for a briefing and tour. Afterward, he wrote a note to the prison operation commander, offering a glowing review.
“I was extraordinarily impressed,” Judge Gorsuch wrote. “You and your colleagues have developed standards and imposed a degree of professionalism that the nation can be proud of, and being able to see first hand all that you have managed to accomplish with such a difficult and sensitive mission makes my job of helping explain and defend it before the courts all the easier.”
During the negotiations with Congress over the Detainee Treatment Act, Judge Gorsuch helped persuade lawmakers to weaken a provision that permitted a civilian appeals court to review decisions by military tribunals. The original draft let judges scrutinize whether a tribunal had “applied the correct standards,” but the revised one only let them look to see whether the tribunal had applied standards set by the Pentagon.
The change, “in response to our concerns,” Judge Gorsuch wrote, “reduces significantly the potential for judicial creativity.”
In June 2006, the Supreme Court issued a landmark ruling that not only struck down the administration’s military commissions system, but also implied that officials involved in abusive interrogations might be vulnerable to prosecution for war crimes. Judge Gorsuch helped draft a proposal for legislation that would address both matters, the files show, although he left before the eventual bill, the Military Commissions Act, was enacted.
He was also part of teams that helped draft speeches on national security for Attorney General Alberto R. Gonzales and  an op-ed published by USA Today, under his supervisor’s byline, defending President Bush’s warrantless surveillance program and his use of a signing statement to claim a right to bypass the Detainee Treatment Act’s provision banning torture.
And, in his role overseeing the department’s Civil Division, Judge Gorsuch handled all “terror litigation” for his office, an email from a colleague said. Such national security cases included the government’s defense against a lawsuit seeking disclosure of photographs of detainee abuses after the Abu Ghraib scandal, he wrote in a description of his work for a performance review.
They also included a lawsuit by a German man, Khaled el-Masri, against the former C.I.A. director and companies suspected of being involved in the agency’s so-called extraordinary rendition flights. The plaintiff said the agency had abducted him, beaten him and taken him to a “black site” prison in Afghanistan, and then let him go after realizing it was a case of mistaken identity. But the Bush administration argued that the case must be dismissed lest it endanger “state secrets.”
When the district court judge overseeing the rendition lawsuit agreed to dismiss it, David Addington, the counsel to Vice President Dick Cheney, sent a congratulatory email to his former deputy, Courtney Simmons Elwood, who had since become a counselor to Mr. Gonzales.
Ms. Elwood — who is now President Trump’s nominee to be C.I.A. general counsel — forwarded it to Judge Gorsuch and a few other top officials on the team handling the case.
“Your department did a great job with” the C.I.A. case “in protecting the ability of the institution of the presidency to protect the American people under the Constitution in the war on terror,” Mr. Addington wrote. “Well done.”
But while Judge Gorsuch spent those 14 months immersed in executive power and national security disputes from the Bush administration’s perspective, his own comments in the documents rarely sounded overtly ideological notes like Mr. Addington’s.
Peter Keisler, who worked with Judge Gorsuch on several such matters as the head of the Civil Division at the time, argued that his role during that period should be understood as representing a client: He helped shape arguments and litigation strategy, but not the underlying national security policy decisions which “had already been made.”
“The emails just reflect the fact that he was gratified when the department would win and disappointed when it would lose, which is not surprising because these were cases he was working on as an attorney for the government and advancing its positions,” Mr. Keisler said.
The files have not yet been systematically examined, and Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee have complained that they appear to be incomplete. Senator Dianne Feinstein of California, the panel’s ranking Democrat, sent a letter to Judge Gorsuch this week saying that the committee needs additional documents by 5 p.m. on Thursday.
For example, her letter noted, one document in the tranche indicated that Judge Gorsuch made a “proposal for a seminar on torture policy” to the Council on Foreign Relations, but the proposal itself was not included in the documents given to the committee.
“Please provide to the committee any materials related to any involvement you had in the issue of torture (including so-called ‘enhanced interrogation techniques’), including this proposal,” she wrote.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — In the 11 days since President Trump woke up early at his Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach, Fla., and accused his predecessor of tapping his phones, the White House has offered a series of ever-changing responses, explanations and clarifications.
What started as officials “reviewing” what the president had said soon morphed into “I have no reason to believe” that an investigation exists, and finally became using wiretap “in quotes.”
Here’s a timeline of the administration’s responses:
The Twitter post that started it all came early on a Saturday morning, and was followed by several others, including one in which Mr. Trump accused former President Barack Obama of engaging in behavior similar to that of Richard M. Nixon during Watergate. “Bad (or sick) guy!” Mr. Trump said of Mr. Obama.
That same afternoon, the president’s spokesman took a wait-and-see approach, suggesting only that the administration’s chief lawyer would review options.
Other officials, speaking on background, suggested that the chief counsel was looking for evidence to back up the president’s claim.
The second-day response was twofold: criticize the news media coverage and try to shift the responsibility for providing information to Capitol Hill by demanding a congressional investigation.
By the Tuesday after the tweet, administration officials were trying to move past the issue. Several sought to stick to Mr. Spicer’s previous admonition that the White House would not comment any further until congressional investigations took place.
The next day, Mr. Spicer seemed to shift gears, suggesting to reporters in his daily briefing that the White House did not believe that an investigation into the wiretapping of Mr. Trump existed, as the president had suggested on Twitter.
But the day after, presented with the “no comment” from the F.B.I. about whether there was an investigation, Mr. Spicer backtracked. He suggested to reporters that his previous comments should not have been interpreted as suggesting that the White House knew, one way or the other, whether Mr. Trump was under investigation.
By the end of the week, the president’s spokesman was back to being more careful, refusing to “prejudge” the possible outcome of any congressional investigation. He declined to say whether Mr. Trump would apologize if it turned out that there was no evidence to support his claim.
When he faced reporters again on Monday, Mr. Spicer was trying to clarify, in part by trying to broaden the meaning of the president’s initial Twitter post. He urged reporters to look closely at it, saying it “very clearly” was about wiretapping. Mr. Spicer suggested that news reports supported the president’s claim.
On Tuesday, in a snowy Washington, Mr. Spicer went even further, saying that Mr. Trump had — in his initial tweets — used the word wiretap “in quotes,” and that he really meant to suggest only that there had been a broad program of surveillance during the presidential campaign.
On Wednesday evening, Mr. Trump himself offered a new assessment during an interview with Fox News. His suggestion that “some very interesting items” would be revealed in the next two weeks was certain to fuel the story on Capitol Hills, where members of his own party were beginning to angrily demand answers.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump and Republicans in Congress have pummeled the Affordable Care Act, complaining of high deductibles, soaring premiums and a shrinking menu of options for consumers.
But does the Republican alternative solve these problems, or does it exacerbate them? A report this week from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office provides some answers.
What follows is a report card analyzing the Republicans’ plan by the standards they have used in judging, and condemning, President Barack Obama’s health care law.
THE CRITICISM While some people have gained insurance under the Affordable Care Act, “the deductibles are so high, you don’t even get to use it,” Mr. Trump said Monday at a meeting with people he described as victims of the law. “The deductibles are so high that you really don’t have insurance.”
Senator John Cornyn of Texas, the No. 2 Senate Republican, said this week that “deductibles are unaffordable.” Many consumers, required to pay deductibles of more than $10,000 a year for family coverage, agree.
THE REPUBLICAN ANSWER Legislation drafted by House Republican leaders and approved by two House committees could make the situation worse. Consumers’ out-of-pocket costs, including deductibles, “would tend to be higher than those anticipated under current law,” the budget office said, and it gave two reasons.
The bill would repeal a provision of the Affordable Care Act that requires health plans to cover specific percentages of the total cost of covered services for a typical population. Without this requirement, the budget office said, insurers could sell less-generous plans with a lower “actuarial value,” meaning that consumers would pay more of the cost.
In addition, it noted, in 2020, the House bill would repeal “cost-sharing subsidies” that now help more than six million low-income people pay deductibles and other out-of-pocket costs.
The House Republican bill creates incentives for people to set aside money in tax-favored health savings accounts, which can be used to pay medical expenses. To get the benefits of such an account, taxpayers must have a high-deductible health plan. They would also have to have money to save at the end of a pay period.
THE CRITICISM As evidence that the Affordable Care Act marketplaces are failing, Paul D. Ryan, the House speaker, points to some of the higher premium increases in 2017, as reported by the Obama administration: 58 percent in Alabama, 116 percent in Arizona, 69 percent in Oklahoma, 53 percent in Pennsylvania and 63 percent in Tennessee.
THE REPUBLICAN ANSWER The Congressional Budget Office said that premiums would be 15 percent to 20 percent higher under the House bill than under current law in 2018 and 2019, but would then fall, so that average premiums in 2026 would be about 10 percent lower than under current law. Under the House bill, the federal government would offer grants to the states — $100 billion from 2018 to 2026 — and they could use the money to stabilize premiums by paying some of the cost of very large claims.
But the budget office pointed to another reason premiums would decline: Insurers would be allowed to offer skimpier benefits. In the absence of federal standards, the budget office said, insurance plans would “cover a lower share of health care costs, on average.”
Republicans say this is a way to free people from the straitjacket of federal regulations. “Under Obamacare, people have been forced to buy insurance plans they don’t want and can’t afford,” said Senator John Barrasso, Republican of Wyoming.
Under the House bill, the budget office said, premiums would tend to rise for older people and decline for younger people. By 2026, it said, premiums “would be 20 percent to 25 percent lower for a 21-year-old and 8 percent to 10 percent lower for a 40-year-old — but 20 percent to 25 percent higher for a 64-year-old.”
AARP, the lobby for older Americans, is campaigning against the bill.
Under the House bill, the government would provide tax credits to help people buy insurance. But, the budget office said, the average federal subsidy would be “significantly lower” under the House bill than under the Affordable Care Act — about 50 percent lower by 2026.
In addition, it said, the amount of financial assistance would not vary by region, so “people living in high-cost areas would be responsible for a larger share of the premium.”
THE CRITICISM In many marketplaces established under the Affordable Care Act, competition is shrinking.
“One-third of the counties have only one insurer, and they’re losing them fast,” Mr. Trump said in his address to Congress on Feb. 28. “They are losing them so fast. They’re leaving, and many Americans have no choice at all.”
The Kaiser Family Foundation says 32 percent of counties have one insurance company on the exchange this year, up from 7 percent last year.
THE REPUBLICAN ANSWER The Congressional Budget Office said the market for people buying insurance on their own would be “relatively stable” under the House bill. “Most areas of the country would have insurers participating,” it said, and “the market would not be subject to an unsustainable spiral of rising premiums.”
Democrats have suggested that the House bill, by eviscerating the requirement for people to have insurance, would destabilize the market and accelerate the exodus of insurers. But the budget office said that insurers would probably continue to participate in most areas of the country because “a substantial number of relatively healthy (mostly young) people would continue to purchase insurance” with government aid.
Federal grants to the states, to stabilize insurance markets, would not only help reduce premiums, but also “encourage participation by insurers,” the budget office said.
THE CRITICISM Republicans have berated Mr. Obama as breaking his promise that “if you like your health care plan, you can keep it.” That is “one of many unfulfilled and unattainable promises of Obamacare,” said Senator Michael B. Enzi, Republican of Wyoming.
In the fall of 2013, many people were told that their health insurance plans were being canceled because they did not meet minimum standards set by the Affordable Care Act.
THE REPUBLICAN ANSWER Republicans have promised that no one who has coverage because of the Affordable Care Act will lose it. At least, they promise a smooth transition to new coverage. “We’re doing a transition period because we don’t want to pull the rug out from under anybody,” Speaker Ryan said.
But the Congressional Budget Office said the House bill would disrupt coverage for many people. Just next year, it said, the number of people without health insurance would increase by 14 million, to a total of 41 million.
The House bill would sharply reduce federal funds provided to states for the expansion of Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act. Faced with the loss of money, the budget office said, some states would voluntarily terminate coverage for some of the new beneficiaries. Other states have laws that require them to eliminate the expansion of Medicaid if the federal government reduces its financial contribution below the levels promised in the 2010 health law.
“It’s clear that the rug will be pulled out — in some states more quickly than in others,” said Joan C. Alker, director of the Center for Children and Families at Georgetown University.



ARTICLE
Here are some highlights from Wednesday’s ruling by Judge Derrick K. Watson of United States District Court in Honolulu, who issued a temporary restraining order blocking the Trump administration’s revised travel ban from going into effect nationwide.
The case was brought by the state of Hawaii and Ismail Elshikh, an American citizen of Egyptian descent who is an imam and a leader in Hawaii’s Islamic community. (You can read the full ruling here.)
Addressing the government’s contention that the only concrete injury Mr. Elshikh claims is that the order would prevent his mother-in-law, a Syrian national with no visa, from visiting him and his family in Hawaii:
_____
Addressing the government’s contention that the text of the executive order was religiously neutral because it applied to people from six countries regardless of their religion:
_____
Addressing the government’s suggestion that the court should rely only on the text of the executive order to evaluate its purpose:
_____
Suggesting why the government wanted the court to stay focused on the text of the executive order:
_____
After extensively quoting President Trump:
_____
Saying that Mr. Trump’s own words, and those of his aides and advisers, betrayed the true intent of the executive order:
_____
Giving credence to plaintiffs’ contention that national security was merely a pretext for, not the true purpose of, the executive order:
_____
Leaving open the possibility that the Trump administration could issue yet another revised executive order that finally passes constitutional muster:
_____
Finding that Mr. Elshikh had provided evidence that his First Amendment rights had been impinged:
_____
Concluding:



ARTICLE
Alexsey Belan’s career as a successful cyberthief was nearly derailed in 2013 when he was arrested in Greece at the request of American authorities. But he evaded extradition and slipped back into Russia.
Back at home, Mr. Belan stayed busy stealing credit cards and populating the internet with ads for erectile dysfunction treatments, but he was no longer working only for himself. He was put to work by Russia’s main intelligence directorate, the Federal Security Service, or F.S.B., on a very ambitious project: to breach Yahoo and steal account information from hundreds of millions of users.
The relationship between Mr. Belan and two Russian agents — Dmitry Aleksandrovich Dokuchaev and Igor Anatolyevich Sushchin — was described in an indictment unsealed on Wednesday in federal court in San Francisco. If true, the allegations offer an extraordinary case study of Russian cyberespionage, and particularly the symbiotic relationship between identity thieves and spammers and Russia’s elite intelligence services.
Cybersecurity experts and the F.B.I. have long suspected that Russian spies employed and protected criminal hackers to a striking degree, but evidence has been scarce. The indictment made public on Wednesday describes this collusion in detail for the first time.
The Justice Department alleges that the F.S.B. agents provided Mr. Belan with the tools of Russian spycraft to minimize detection by American law enforcement. At their direction, he helped surveil foreign officials and even Russian citizens, including a newspaper reporter and an officer with the Internal Affairs Ministry.
Ultimately, the team stole the subscriber information of more than 500 million accounts in 2014, and used proprietary Yahoo software to gain access to about 6,500 of them.
Exactly what information the Russian spies obtained is not clear from the court papers. But prosecutors noted that some of the accounts that were penetrated belonged to American government officials, “including cybersecurity, diplomatic, military and White House personnel,” according to the indictment. The court papers also outlined a secondary scheme, in which the F.S.B. officers paid a Canadian hacker to breach individual Gmail accounts.
The indictment reveals varying tactics used by Russian intelligence at a time when officials are still investigating what the American intelligence community has characterized as Russian attempts to meddle in the 2016 election. There were low-tech strategies like the basic spear-phishing attacks that have become a fact of life for anyone online. And more exotic schemes, such as tricking Yahoo into believing that a computer in Russia was in fact a certain user’s home computer, allowing Russian intelligence officials instant access to an email account without a password.
The list of targets is a glimpse into both the global reach of Russia’s spying apparatus and the internecine power struggles of Russia’s competing security agencies. Russian government officials were among the victims — including an officer with the Russian Internal Affairs Ministry’s cybercrime unit — suggesting that the F.S.B. was using its own intelligence resources to gain an advantage over a rival agency.
“All Russian intel agencies are competitive and carnivorous,” Mark Galeotti, a Russia expert at the Institute of International Relations in Prague, said.
Mr. Belan, who is 29 and has red-tinted hair, came into the F.B.I.’s cross hairs about five years ago, and was previously indicted on charges related to hacking into e-commerce companies. In December, in response to the American intelligence community’s conclusion that Russia had tried to meddle in the presidential election, the Obama administration announced sanctions against Mr. Belan and Evgeniy M. Bogachev, who is also suspected of being a cyberthief and appears also to have ties to Russian intelligence.
Arkady Bukh, the Manhattan lawyer who represented Mr. Belan after his arrest in Greece, said he had not heard from Mr. Belan since he skipped bail and returned to Russia in 2013.
“For the last couple of years he cannot be reached,” Mr. Bukh said. “He disappeared.”
But even while working under Russian intelligence, Mr. Belan kept up his old rackets. Once he breached Yahoo, he began searching for things to steal, such as gift cards or credit card numbers found in email accounts. According to the indictment, he ran a large spam campaign, and also tweaked some of the servers associated with Yahoo’s search engine so that men searching for erectile dysfunction medication would be redirected to an online pharmacy that paid him a commission for driving traffic to the site.
The indictment does not say how Mr. Belan was recruited, or whether the idea for the Yahoo breach originated with him or the F.S.B. Nor does the indictment say how the F.B.I. identified Mr. Belan and the F.S.B. agents.
Officials provided little information about Mr. Sushchin, 43, an F.S.B. supervisor who the indictment says was embedded as a cybersecurity expert in a Russian financial firm. But there is plenty of intrigue swirling about Mr. Dokuchaev, 33, whom the indictment describes as Mr. Belan’s direct F.S.B. contact.
In Russia, Mr. Dokuchaev was arrested on suspicion of treason in early December and accused of passing secret information to the United States. The authorities have offered no public details of the charges, in what is the highest-profile counterintelligence detentions in the post-Soviet period.
After the arrests, RBC, a respected Moscow newspaper, described Mr. Dokuchaev as a former hacker using the online pseudonym “Forb” — who agreed work for the F.S.B. to avoid prosecution for credit card fraud.
In an interview with Vedomosti newspaper in 2004, a hacker identified as Forb bragged about hacking a “U.S. government website,” calling it his “crowning achievement.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Reports of sexual assaults increased at two of the three national military academies — the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis and the United States Military Academy at West Point — last year, according to a new military study.
The Defense Department said that reports of sexual assault at all three academies decreased over all, but that is because the number of reports at the United States Air Force Academy in Colorado dropped.
At West Point, there were 26 reports of sexual assault in the 2015-16 academic year, up from 17 the year before. At the Naval Academy, the number rose to 28 reports from 25. By comparison, reports dropped steeply to 32 from 49 at the Air Force Academy.
The reports will rekindle a problem that has plagued the military as increasing numbers of women join the armed services. The increase in sexual assault reports in the service academies is similar to what is happening in the military as a whole, and comes at the same time that the Defense Department is grappling with news reports about Marines and other service members sharing nude photos of their female peers on websites.
The Defense Department acknowledged that even as reports of sexual assaults increased, many young men and women who are assaulted do not report it. “Results from this year’s report demonstrate that estimated instances of sexual assault and sexual harassment greatly outnumber reports made to authorities,” Anthony M. Kurta, who is performing the duties of the under secretary of defense for personnel and readiness, said in a letter to Congress submitting the report.
The Defense Department did try to put a positive spin on the latest numbers, saying that more people were feeling emboldened to report sexual abuse.
The new study comes as the Marine Corps has been rocked by disclosures that an all-male, invitation-only group on Facebook called Marines United shared thousands of nude and other private photos of Marine Corps women. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis has harshly criticized such violations of privacy and betrayals of trust, and has signaled that he will hold military and civilian officials accountable.
At a congressional hearing on Tuesday, members of the Senate Armed Services Committee sharply rebuked the Marine Corps commandant, Gen. Robert B. Neller, about why nothing had been done since the first reports of online harassment came to light in 2013.
“If we can’t crack Facebook, how are we supposed to be able to confront Russian aggression and cyberhacking throughout our military?” demanded Senator Kirsten E. Gillibrand, Democrat of New York.
General Neller responded: “I don’t have a good answer for you.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump’s budget blueprint for the coming fiscal year would slash the Environmental Protection Agency by 31 percent and cut State Department spending by a similar amount in a brash upending of the government’s priorities, according to congressional staff members familiar with the plan.
The budget outline, to be unveiled on Thursday, is more of a broad political statement than a detailed plan for spending and taxation. But it represents Mr. Trump’s first real effort to translate his bold but vague campaign themes into the minutiae of governance. The president would funnel $54 billion in additional funding into defense programs, beef up immigration enforcement and significantly reduce the nondefense federal work force to further the “deconstruction of the administrative state,” in the words of Mr. Trump’s chief strategist, Stephen K. Bannon.
Yet for all its headline-grabbing bold strokes — and the White House claims that it will reset the process of Washington policy making — major elements of the plan have already been declared dead on arrival by the Republican leadership in Congress, and much of the fiscal fine print will be filled in by Capitol Hill lawmakers and their aides over the next month.
House appropriations subcommittees began reviewing the plan late Wednesday. Among the cuts: drastic reductions in the 60-year-old State Department Food for Peace Program, which sends food to poor countries hit by war or natural disasters, and the elimination of the Department of Transportation’s Essential Air Service program, which subsidizes flights to rural airports.
The plan to be released at 7 a.m. tomorrow is a “skinny budget,” a pared-down first draft of the line-by-line appropriations request submitted by first-term administrations during their first few months. A broader budget will be released later in the spring that will include Mr. Trump’s proposals for taxation as well as the bulk of government spending — Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid and other entitlement programs.
Mr. Trump’s version is likely to be even skinnier than usual, a result of the chaos, inexperience and staffing problems encountered by the Trump White House over the first two months.
Issues with coordination plagued Wednesday’s briefing sessions: Republican communications staff members, who usually coordinate their messaging, complained that they had been given no White House guidance on its details or how to sell the plan, which covers the fiscal year that begins on Oct. 1.
In addition to the cuts at the E.P.A. and the State Department, Mr. Trump’s team is expected to propose a wide array of cuts to public education, to transportation programs like Amtrak and to the Department of Housing and Urban Development, including the complete elimination of the $3 billion Community Development Block Grant program, which funds popular programs like Meals on Wheels, housing assistance and other community assistance efforts.
In recent years, far smaller proposed cuts to the popular grant program, which includes flexible funding for a variety of housing and community projects, created a bipartisan uproar that nearly scuttled the entire budget-making process.
The E.P.A. is, arguably, the hardest-hit agency under Mr. Trump’s budget proposal: He wants to cut spending by nearly a third — $2.6 billion from its current level of $8.2 billion, according to a person who had been briefed on the proposal but was not authorized to speak publicly about it.
That would take the budget down to about $5.7 billion, its lowest level in 40 years, adjusted for inflation. In an initial draft, the White House had proposed cutting about $2 billion from the agency’s budget, taking it down to just over $6 billion, according to an aide familiar with the plan.
The E.P.A. administrator, Scott Pruitt, who has himself spoken out against some of the core missions of the agency he leads, went to the White House to request a smaller cut after the White House budget office first presented him its preferred spending level. He pressed for about $7 billion, according to the person. Instead, the White House slashed his budget down even further, to about $5.7 billion.
Mr. Trump’s proposed cuts to the E.P.A. are a magnitude greater even than those envisioned by congressional Republicans, many of whom forcefully oppose the agency’s regulatory agenda. Last year, the House spending subcommittee that controls the E.P.A.’s budget proposed funding the agency at $8 billion, cutting just $291 million from President Barack Obama’s request.
Representative Ken Calvert, the California Republican who is the chairman of that panel, said in an interview this year that he did not anticipate cutting the E.P.A.’s popular state grant programs, which fund projects like restoring the Great Lakes and cleaning and redeveloping formerly contaminated industrial sites.
The proposed State Department cuts, which leaked this month, have already created a backlash among some Capitol Hill Republicans.
Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, has already said Senate Republicans will not agree to deep cuts to the $50 billion budget for the State Department and United States Agency for International Development initially proposed by the Trump administration’s Office of Management and Budget.
Mr. Trump’s original plan was to slash the State Department by as much as 37 percent — but budget director Mick Mulvaney has reduced the cuts to 28 percent to 31 percent, at the urging of legislators and Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson, according to people with knowledge of the situation.
“This is definitely dead on arrival,” Senator Lindsey Graham, a South Carolina Republican who serves on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, told reporters at the Capitol late last month of the proposed cuts to the diplomatic corps and foreign aid.
Mr. Tillerson also requested greater discretion in choosing where to make the cuts — although the White House instructed him to leave untouched the $3 billion annual foreign aid payment to Israel, officials said.



ARTICLE
President Trump on Wednesday visited the Hermitage, Andrew Jackson’s estate near Nashville, as it begins the celebration of his 250th birthday.
Mr. Trump’s advisers have likened him to Jackson, the first populist to win the White House. The president has hung Old Hickory’s portrait in the Oval Office and called him “an amazing figure in American history.”
So how alike are the nation’s seventh and 45th presidents?
Mr. Trump, who relishes junk food like Doritos and disdains physical exercise, stands at 6-foot-3 and weighs 236 pounds, according to a letter from his doctor last year, qualifying him as overweight with a body mass index of 29.5. Some think he is overstating his height (his driver’s license lists him at 6-foot-2) and understating his weight (one writer estimated by 30 pounds).
Jackson, who survived diseases like smallpox, malaria, dysentery, rheumatism and dropsy and endured physical disability most of his adult life after being shot in the chest during a duel, was just shy of Mr. Trump in stature, standing 6-foot-1. But Jackson was far thinner, with estimates between 145 pounds and 154 pounds, putting his body mass index at 20 or lower.
At age 13, an unruly Mr. Trump was packed off by his frustrated parents to New York Military Academy, but he never served in the armed forces, receiving five deferments from the draft during the Vietnam War, four for education and one for bone spurs in his heels.
At age 13, Jackson fought with irregulars in the American Revolution and was captured by the British. Over the years, he rose to major general, won the Battle of New Orleans during the War of 1812, fought various Indian tribes and effectively conquered Florida.
Mr. Trump is the first American elected president without having served in any political office or as a general. He won an Electoral College victory over Hillary Clinton despite drawing only 46 percent of the popular vote. Although a Republican, he often fights his own party orthodoxy on issues like trade and infrastructure spending.
Jackson was the first American elected president who was not part of the Eastern elite although he had served in the House and Senate. In 1824, he won the popular vote but failed to muster a majority in the Electoral College, throwing the race to the House, which chose John Quincy Adams. Four years later, Jackson ousted Adams with 56 percent of the vote, and later won a second term with 54 percent.
Mr. Trump, a wealthy real estate developer known for his bombast, styled himself as a man of the people, beating the dominant political dynasty of his day to win the presidency. He is fighting what his chief strategist calls “the administrative state” and signed orders to build a wall along the Mexican border and temporarily ban visitors from six predominantly Muslim countries. Critics accuse him of having an authoritarian streak, but he thrills supporters with his forthright, bare-knuckles style.
Jackson, a wealthy slaveholding plantation owner known for his bombast, styled himself as a man of the people, beating the dominant political dynasty of his day to win the presidency. He battled the Bank of the United States and signed a law that forced the Cherokee nation out of its land in what was called the Trail of Tears. Critics called him the American Bonaparte for what they saw as his dictatorial streak, but he was popular with everyday Americans who saw him as their champion.
Mr. Trump relishes fights and made his name in part with a reality television show that pitted contestants against one another, some of whom he dismissed with his classic line, “You’re fired.” He has feuded for years with various figures, including Rosie O’Donnell, whom he has called “a pig,” “a real loser” and “a mentally sick woman.”
Jackson relished fights and made a name for himself as a frequent dueler against those he contended had slighted him. He fought between five and 100 duels, according to historians. In one, he killed a man who had insulted him as “a worthless scoundrel, a poltroon and a coward.” A poltroon was not a good thing to be called.
After his travel ban was blocked in court, Mr. Trump said, “The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned!”
After the chief justice of the United States ruled in a case involving the seizure of Cherokee land in Georgia, Jackson was said to have replied, “John Marshall has made his decision; now let him enforce it.”
Mr. Trump’s combed-over hair has generated endless commentary. His doctor reported that Mr. Trump takes a prostate-related drug to promote hair growth.
Jackson’s wavy hair in portraits like the one on the $20 bill has long made him stand him out in the presidential pantheon.
Some Jackson biographers find the parallels striking, not necessarily in the details but in the larger picture. “What Mr. Trump borrows from Jackson is not an issue, but a way of thinking about the world,” said Steve Inskeep, the host of NPR’s “Morning Edition” and author of “Jacksonland.” But Jon Meacham, author of “American Lion,” said there is “an essential difference,” noting that Jackson had political experience and could be self-aware. “We simply don’t know yet whether Trump possesses the kind of discipline that Jackson brought to the presidency,” he wrote.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — In a striking repudiation, Republicans on Wednesday threatened subpoenas and vented openly about the lack of evidence behind President Trump’s tweet that President Barack Obama had wiretapped his phones in Trump Tower during the 2016 campaign.
The Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, Representative Devin Nunes of California, told reporters on Capitol Hill that “I don’t think there was an actual tap of Trump Tower” and that Mr. Trump, if taken literally, is simply “wrong.”
Jeff Sessions, the attorney general, said he had provided no information to Mr. Trump that might have formed the basis for the president’s claim.
And two Republican senators threatened to block Mr. Trump’s nominee for deputy attorney general until they get clarity from the F.B.I. about the accuracy of the president’s assertions. One of them vowed to issue subpoenas, if needed.
But Mr. Trump appeared defiant. In a Fox News interview, he hinted at a broader meaning to his Twitter messages and suggested that his online assertions would eventually be vindicated, saying that “wiretap covers a lot of different things.”
Mr. Trump added, “I think you’re going to find some very interesting items coming to the forefront over the next two weeks.”
It is unclear if Republicans will accept an effort by Mr. Trump and his aides to redefine what he meant. Mr. Nunes told reporters on Wednesday that lawmakers will have to confront that issue as hearings of the intelligence committee open on Monday.
In one of the most significant signs of pressure from within Mr. Trump’s own party, Senator Charles E. Grassley, Republican of Iowa and chairman of the Judiciary Committee, said he would block the nomination of Rod J. Rosenstein to be deputy attorney general unless the F.B.I. answered his questions. Mr. Rosenstein had been expected to win Senate confirmation easily. The Judiciary Committee has primary oversight of the F.B.I.
Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, joined Mr. Grassley in the threat.
“We’ll hold up the deputy attorney general’s nomination until Congress is provided with information to finally clear the air as to whether or not there was ever a warrant issued against the Trump campaign,” Mr. Graham said on NBC’s “Today” program.
A delay on Mr. Rosenstein’s appointment would create a number of problems for the Justice Department. In particular, he was expected to oversee any department investigations into Russia’s meddling in the presidential election after Mr. Sessions recused himself because Mr. Sessions was an adviser to the Trump presidential campaign.
Previous presidents have faced similar uprisings within their own parties: Democratic lawmakers initially denounced President Bill Clinton’s behavior with an intern that led to his impeachment in the House, and Republican frustration with the Iraq war, as President George W. Bush’s approval ratings fell, hampered Mr. Bush’s second-term agenda.
But rarely does a president clash so forcefully with his own party so early in his first year. Mr. Trump already faces a difficult dynamic on Capitol Hill as he struggles to push through a major overhaul of the nation’s health care system that is already dividing the Republican-controlled Congress.
To overcome that intraparty opposition — not to mention the hostility to his health care plan from Democrats — Mr. Trump will need to woo the very Republicans who are increasingly growing weary of defending his online assertions.
In the days since Mr. Trump’s Twitter post on March 4, the White House has offered a series of shifting response, explanations and clarifications, some of which have been in conflict with each other.
Democrats have been particularly aggressive in assailing the president and his staff. Representative Adam B. Schiff of California, the House Intelligence Committee’s ranking Democrat, said Wednesday that if no evidence emerged to substantiate his claim, Mr. Trump should “explain himself.”
“You can’t level an accusation of that type without retracting it or explaining just why it was done,” he said.
Mr. Nunes and Mr. Schiff said the F.B.I. director, James B. Comey, would testify Monday at the committee’s first public hearing on its Russian interference investigation. Mr. Comey could presumably resolve the question about the wiretap.
Mr. Schiff also challenged the statements of Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, who had said that while he was not aware of any investigation targeting Mr. Trump, the president spoke accurately when he said he had been wiretapped by Mr. Obama.
“Those two things cannot both be true unless he is suggesting that the F.B.I. was engaged in a rogue operation unsupervised by a court to wiretap Trump Tower,” Mr. Schiff said. “There is absolutely no evidence of that and no suggestion of any evidence of that.”
As part of the F.B.I.’s investigation into Russian meddling in the election, agents are looking at whether any of Mr. Trump’s associates colluded with the Russian government.
After Mr. Trump made the claim on Twitter that Mr. Obama had tapped his telephone, Mr. Comey asked the Justice Department to make a statement disputing Mr. Trump’s assertion.
So far the Justice Department has refused to say publicly whether it went to a judge to get a secret warrant to eavesdrop on Mr. Trump, putting the department in a difficult position. Silence from the Justice Department has frustrated Mr. Comey.
If the Justice Department says there was no wiretap, it undercuts the president’s accusation. If there was a wiretap, it suggests that F.B.I. agents and federal prosecutors had probable cause to believe that Mr. Trump the candidate was operating as an agent of a foreign power.
It is not clear why Mr. Trump thought he was wiretapped or what led him to make the claim, which was flatly rejected by James R. Clapper Jr., a former director of national intelligence, and by a spokesman for Mr. Obama.
Mr. Graham and Senator Sheldon Whitehouse, Democrat of Rhode Island, asked the F.B.I. last week for copies of any warrant applications and court orders “related to wiretaps of President Trump, the Trump campaign or Trump Tower.”
Mr. Graham said Wednesday afternoon that the F.B.I. had offered to respond to the letter from him and Mr. Whitehouse in a classified briefing.
Mr. Comey met behind closed doors Wednesday afternoon with Mr. Grassley, along with Senator Dianne Feinstein of California, the top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee, and top members of the Senate Intelligence Committee.



ARTICLE
A federal judge in Hawaii issued a nationwide order Wednesday evening blocking President Trump’s ban on travel from parts of the Muslim world, dealing a stinging blow to the White House and signaling that Mr. Trump will have to account in court for his heated rhetoric about Islam.
A second federal judge in Maryland ruled against Mr. Trump overnight, with a separate order forbidding the core provision of the travel ban from going into effect.
The rulings were a second major setback for Mr. Trump in his pursuit of a policy that he has trumpeted as critical for national security. His first attempt to sharply limit travel from a handful of predominantly Muslim countries ended in a courtroom fiasco last month, when a federal court in Seattle halted it.
Mr. Trump issued a new and narrower travel ban, affecting six countries, on March 6, trying to satisfy the courts by removing some of the most contentious elements of the original version.
But in a pointed decision that repeatedly invoked Mr. Trump’s public comments, Judge Derrick K. Watson, of Federal District Court in Honolulu, wrote that a “reasonable, objective observer” would view even the new order as “issued with a purpose to disfavor a particular religion, in spite of its stated, religiously neutral purpose.”
In Maryland, Judge Theodore D. Chuang echoed that conclusion hours later, ruling in a case brought by nonprofit groups that work with refugees and immigrants, that the likely purpose of the executive order was “the effectuation of the proposed Muslim ban” that Mr. Trump pledged to enact as a presidential candidate.
Mr. Trump lashed out at Judge Watson during a campaign-style rally in Nashville late on Wednesday. Raising his voice to a hoarse shout, Mr. Trump accused the judge of ruling “for political reasons” and criticized the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, which upheld the earlier decision against his administration and will hear any appeal to the Hawaii ruling.
“This ruling makes us look weak, which by the way we no longer are, believe me,” Mr. Trump said, to mounting cheers from a loyal crowd.
Mr. Trump even said he might reissue the initial version of the order, rather than the one blocked on Wednesday, which he described as “a watered-down version of the first one.”
After he signed the revised ban, Democratic attorneys general and nonprofit groups that work with immigrants and refugees raced back into court, claiming that Mr. Trump’s updated decree was still a thinly veiled version of the ban on Muslim migration that he proposed last year.
Judge Watson, who was appointed by President Barack Obama, ruled that the State of Hawaii and an individual plaintiff, Ismail Elshikh, the imam of the Muslim Association of Hawaii, had reasonable grounds to challenge the order as religious discrimination. And he concluded that allowing the travel restrictions to go into effect at midnight, as scheduled, could have caused them irreparable harm.
Judge Watson flatly rejected the government’s argument that a court would have to investigate Mr. Trump’s “veiled psyche” to deduce religious animus. He quoted extensively from the remarks by Mr. Trump that were cited in the lawsuit brought by Hawaii’s attorney general, Doug Chin.
“For instance, there is nothing ‘veiled’ about this press release,” Judge Watson wrote, quoting a Trump campaign document titled “Donald J. Trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States.”
Judge Watson singled out Mr. Elshikh, an American citizen whose Syrian mother-in-law had been pursuing a visa to enter the United States, as having an especially strong claim that the travel regulations would harm him on the basis of his religion.
“This is a great day for democracy, religious and human rights,” Mr. Elshikh, who was out of the country, said in a message relayed through Hakim Ouansafi, the chairman of the Muslim Association of Hawaii. “I am very pleased that the processing of my mother-in-law’s paperwork will not stop now but more importantly that this Muslim ban will not separate families and loved ones just because they happen to be from the six countries.”
Mr. Elshikh, who is Egyptian and previously worked in Michigan, was recruited to the Hawaii mosque more than a decade ago, Mr. Ouansafi said. And when the association began recruiting someone to serve as a plaintiff, the imam, who became a citizen last year, agreed to do so without reservation, Mr. Ouansafi said.
After he became the face of the lawsuit, he received several threats from the mainland, Mr. Ouansafi said. “If we lived in any other state, I would not have asked him to come forward,” he said.
In the Maryland case, Judge Chuang, who was also appointed by Mr. Obama, declined to block the entire executive order from going into effect, but ruled that the most important section — banning travel from half a dozen countries — could not be enforced. His decision cited Mr. Trump’s public comments to conclude that there were “strong indications that the national security purpose is not the primary purpose for the travel ban,” and that Mr. Trump may have intended to violate the constitutional prohibition on religious preferences.
In addition to the Hawaii and Maryland suits, a federal judge in Washington State heard arguments Wednesday in cases challenging the constitutionality of Mr. Trump’s order, including one brought by a coalition of Democratic attorneys general, and another by nonprofit groups.
Administration lawyers have argued that the president was merely exercising his national security powers. In the scramble to defend the executive order, a single lawyer in the United States solicitor general’s office, Jeffrey Wall, argued first to a Maryland court and then, by phone, to Judge Watson in Honolulu that no element of the order, as written, could be construed as a religious test for travelers.
Mr. Wall said the order was based on concerns raised by the Obama administration in its move toward stricter screening of travelers from the six countries affected.
“What the order does is a step beyond what the previous administration did, but it’s on the same basis,” Mr. Wall said in the Maryland hearing.
After Mr. Trump’s speech in Nashville, the Justice Department released a more muted statement disputing the Hawaii decision, calling it “flawed both in reasoning and scope.” Sarah Isgur Flores, a spokeswoman for the department, said it would continue to defend the legality of the presidential order.
Refugee organizations and civil rights groups greeted the Hawaii ruling with expressions of triumph and relief. Marielena Hincapié, executive director of the National Immigration Law Center, one of the groups that sued Mr. Trump in Maryland, hailed Judge Watson’s ruling as “a strong and unequivocal rejection of the politics of hate.”
At the same time, advocates for refugees and immigrants acknowledged that significant uncertainty would hang over some of their more practical decisions, as a longer legal process plays out around Mr. Trump’s order.
“It’s a preliminary decision, but it recognizes that there continue to be problems with the constitutionality of this revised order, particularly with discriminatory intent toward Muslims,” said Betsy Fisher, policy director at the International Refugee Assistance Project at the Urban Justice Center.
The original ban, released on Jan. 27, unleashed scenes of chaos at American airports and spurred mass protests. Issued abruptly on a Friday afternoon, it temporarily barred travel from seven majority-Muslim nations, making no explicit distinction between citizens of those countries who already had green cards or visas and those who did not. It also suggested that Christian refugees from those countries would be given preference in the future.
After the federal court in Seattle issued a broad injunction against the policy, Mr. Trump removed major provisions and reissued the order. The new version exempted key groups, like green card and visa holders, and dropped the section that would have given Christians special treatment.
Mr. Trump also removed Iraq from the list of countries covered by the ban after the Pentagon expressed worry that it would damage the United States’ relationship with the Iraqi government in the fight against the Islamic State.
Yet those concessions did not placate critics of the ban, who said it would still function as an unconstitutional religious test, albeit one affecting fewer people — an argument Judge Watson concurred with in his ruling.
The lawsuits have also claimed that the order disrupts the operations of companies, charities, public universities and hospitals that have deep relationships overseas. In the Hawaii case, nearly five dozen technology companies, including Airbnb, Dropbox, Lyft and TripAdvisor, joined in a brief objecting to the travel ban.
The second, now-halted executive order preserved major components of the original. It would have ended, with few exceptions, the granting of new visas and green cards to people from six majority-Muslim countries — Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen — for at least 90 days. It would have also stopped all refugees from entering for 120 days and limited refugee admissions to 50,000 people in the current fiscal year.
Mr. Obama had set in motion plans to admit more than twice that number.
Mr. Trump has said the pause is needed to re-evaluate screening procedures for immigrants from the six countries. “Each of these countries is a state sponsor of terrorism, has been significantly compromised by terrorist organizations, or contains active conflict zones,” he wrote in the order.
The two court orders were not a final ruling on the constitutionality of Mr. Trump’s ban, and the administration has expressed confidence that courts will ultimately affirm Mr. Trump’s power to issue the restrictions.
But the legal debate is likely to be a protracted and unusually personal fight for the administration, touching Mr. Trump and a number of his key aides directly and raising the prospect that their public comments and private communications will be scrutinized.
The lawsuits against the ban have extensively cited Mr. Trump’s comments during the presidential campaign. Attorney General Bob Ferguson of Washington, who successfully challenged Mr. Trump’s first order, has indicated that in an extended legal fight, he could seek depositions from administration officials and request documents that would expose the full process by which Trump aides crafted the ban.
As a candidate, Mr. Trump first proposed to bar all Muslims from entering the United States, and then offered an alternative plan to ban travel from a number of Muslim countries, which he described as a politically acceptable way of achieving the same goal.
The lawsuits also cited Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former New York City mayor who advises Mr. Trump. Mr. Giuliani said he had been asked to help craft a Muslim ban that would pass legal muster.
And they highlighted comments by Stephen Miller, an adviser to the president, who cast the changes to Mr. Trump’s first travel ban as mere technical adjustments aimed at ushering the same policy past the review of a court.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Even before Rachel Maddow disclosed two pages of President Trump’s 2005 tax returns on her MSNBC program, the White House accused her of complicity in unlawful conduct. “It is totally illegal to steal and publish tax returns,” a statement from the White House said.
The first part of the accusation, about stealing, is true. The second part, about publishing, runs headlong into the First Amendment.
David Cay Johnston, a former tax reporter for The New York Times, said that he received the forms “over the transom,” or unsolicited, in his mailbox.
Perhaps. A federal law makes it a felony for federal or state employees “willfully to disclose to any person” without authorization “any return or return information.” The First Amendment would provide no defense to a source who violated such a law.
But Mr. Johnston, without providing evidence, said the leak may have been authorized. “It’s entirely possible that Donald sent this to me,” he said on Ms. Maddow’s show. “It’s a possibility, and it could have been leaked by someone at his direction.”
The same federal statute says yes. But the statute is almost certainly unconstitutional.
“It shall be unlawful for any person to whom any return or return information” is disclosed without authorization, the law says, “thereafter willfully to print or publish in any manner not provided by law any such return or return information.”
But the Supreme Court has said that journalists are free to publish truthful information on matters of public concern notwithstanding laws to the contrary as long as they did nothing illegal in obtaining the information.
In 2001, in Bartnicki v. Vopper, the Supreme Court considered whether a Pennsylvania radio station had been entitled to air a surreptitious recording of a cellphone conversation. A federal law made it illegal to broadcast such recordings, but the radio station aired it anyway.
The recording had arrived unsolicited. Its contents, about a labor negotiation, were truthful and newsworthy.
Even though the station’s source obtained and disclosed the information unlawfully, the radio station was free to broadcast it because it was “a matter of public concern,” Justice John Paul Stevens wrote for the majority.
“A stranger’s illegal conduct does not suffice to remove the First Amendment shield from speech about a matter of public concern,” Justice Stevens wrote.
In a concurring opinion in the Bartnicki case, Justice Stephen G. Breyer said that it mattered that the union officials were minor-league public figures. “They thereby subjected themselves to somewhat greater public scrutiny,” he wrote, “and had a lesser interest in privacy than an individual engaged in purely private affairs.”
The president of the United States, it would follow, invites much more probing public scrutiny.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The House Republicans’ plan to replace the Affordable Care Act is messy and confusing. No one is sure exactly how Americans will be affected and how much more health insurance will cost them.
But there are two certainties. Their health care plan provides a tax cut for the wealthiest Americans. And it will make it easier for Republicans to pass more tax cuts this year. It could also be viewed by some people as a break from some of the populist campaign promises President Trump made to lift up the country’s “forgotten men and women.”
The Congressional Budget Office analysis of the Republican plan released this week revealed the full scope of the windfall that the legislation would bring. It offers billions of dollars’ worth of tax cuts to health insurers, pharmaceutical companies, investors and even tanning salon operators. The cuts amount to nearly $1 trillion over a decade. The beneficiaries would be the richest Americans who for years have complained that the Affordable Care Act unfairly burdened them with the responsibility of subsidizing insurance for the poor.
The repeal of the Affordable Care Act’s taxes is necessary for Republicans to move forward with an even more ambitious part of their agenda: tax reform. “Doing this first shrinks the amount of revenue they are going to have to raise to make their tax bill add up,” said Howard Gleckman, a fellow at the Tax Policy Center.
In order to get any tax overhaul through the Senate with a simple majority, the tax bill under Senate rules can’t increase the federal deficit. Since the health care bill would cut the federal deficit it makes it easier to come back later and pass more tax cuts.
“This dramatically helps us for tax reform,” Speaker Paul D. Ryan said on Fox News last week.
The Republican’s proposed health care legislation has met the inevitable backlash by Democrats. “This scheme will give billions upon billions of dollars in tax cuts to the most fortunate at the expense of the most vulnerable,” said Senator Ron Wyden, the Oregon Democrat who is the ranking member of the Senate Finance Committee. “It clearly and directly breaks the ‘Mnuchin rule’ promise that there would be no absolute tax cut for the wealthy, period.”
Steven T. Mnuchin, Mr. Trump’s Treasury secretary, gave assurances as recently as last month that “there would be no absolute tax cut for the upper class.” During Mr. Mnuchin’s Senate confirmation hearing, Democrats referred to the promise as the “Mnuchin rule.”
That tenet, critics say, has now been violated. And  Speaker Ryan’s strategy has put some Republicans in an uncomfortable position of defending tax cuts for the rich after a year in which populist fervor spurred by income inequality upended American politics.
Whether the legislation, if passed, hurts Republicans in next year’s midterm elections remains to be seen. Democrats are already preparing to argue that Republicans are out of touch with working Americans, while Republicans insist that they are following through on their promises.
Republicans may have the harder time of it. A study by the Tax Policy Center, a nonpartisan research group, found that when the bill would take full effect in 2022, 40 percent of the benefits from the tax cuts would go to the richest one percent of the country. Those households would receive an average tax cut of $37,000, or 2.1 percent of their incomes. People in the lowest income bracket would get an average tax cut of $150, an amount that is just 0.9 percent of their earnings.
An analysis by The Upshot found that the provisions of the proposed health legislation could also be particularly painful to rural Americans, who do not benefit from competitive marketplaces for doctors, hospitals and insurers. Voters who supported Mr. Trump would be hit the hardest, receiving disproportionately small tax credits.
Companies and investors would see big benefits too. The Republicans’ plan removes $145 billion in taxes on health insurers, $158 billion on investment income for top earners, $25 billion on drug companies and $20 billion medical device companies.
While businesses in the health care sector have so far been skeptical of the health plan, the bill also comes with some sweeteners. One that has drawn particular outrage among defenders of the Affordable Care Act is a provision that would give health insurers greater incentives to give their executives raises by eliminating the health plan’s cap on compensation deductions.
Some of the gains for the most well off will come at the expense of the vulnerable. Health insurers will be allowed to once again increase premiums on older customers who are more likely to require medical services. Over the next 10 years, $880 billion in federal funding for Medicaid would be cut.
Democrats have seized on the tax cuts as evidence that Mr. Trump, who is aggressively pitching the health plan, is selling out his base and breaking campaign promises that he made to working class Americans. At one point during the campaign Mr. Trump said that the rich should pay more in taxes and that he would gladly do so.
“This is the type of class warfare that Democrats like to stir up,” said Ryan Williams, a Republican strategist and former spokesman for Mitt Romney, who made the case that tax reform would be the centerpiece of Mr. Trump’s legacy on taxes.
For its part, the White House so far appears undeterred by accusations that it is lavishing tax breaks on the rich.
“We promised at the outset that we were going to repeal all of the taxes,” Mick Mulvaney, the White House budget director, said on MSNBC on Tuesday, referring to the Affordable Care Act.
He added, “Who cares if somebody else benefits?”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump on Wednesday denounced as “fake news” the release by journalists of a portion of his 2005 income tax form, just hours after his administration appeared to confirm the accuracy of the documents.
Two pages from the president’s 2005 tax returns were disclosed Tuesday evening by MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow after being mailed to David Cay Johnston, a former New York Times reporter. They show that Mr. Trump paid $38 million in federal income taxes on reported income of $150 million, an effective tax rate of 25 percent.
The White House confirmed those numbers before the show and appeared to accept the document’s authenticity by criticizing a story “about two pages of tax returns from over a decade ago” and stating that it was “totally illegal to steal and publish tax returns.”
But in a Twitter message posted just before 7 a.m., the president appeared to backtrack from that acknowledgment.
“Does anybody really believe that a reporter, who nobody ever heard of, “went to his mailbox” and found my tax returns? @NBCNews FAKE NEWS!”
During an appearance on Ms. Maddow’s show Tuesday night, Mr. Johnston speculated that Mr. Trump might have leaked the pages of his own tax returns even though he was the first modern presidential candidate to refuse to release them.
“It’s entirely possible that Donald sent this to me,” Mr. Johnston said, though he added that he did not know whether that was the case. “It’s a possibility, and it could have been leaked by someone at his direction.”
Ms. Maddow trumpeted the returns as “breaking news” on Twitter an hour before her 9 p.m. show, raising expectations that her report would reveal striking financial news about the president.
Instead, the two pages largely confirmed that Mr. Trump made a significant amount of money in 2005 and paid millions in taxes after writing off about $100 million in business losses that reduced the overall tax payment.
One of Mr. Trump’s sons, Donald Trump Jr., made that point in a Twitter message shortly after the show ended, thanking Ms. Maddow for releasing the information.
“Thank you Rachel Maddow for proving to your #Trump hating followers how successful @realDonaldTrump is & that he paid $40mm in taxes! #Taxes,” it read.
The news about Mr. Trump’s taxes from more than a decade ago comes as the president is struggling to push through his overhaul of the nation’s health care system and faces continuing questions about connections between Russia and his advisers. Mr. Trump is to travel on Wednesday to Detroit and Nashville to talk about his plans for the economy.
And moments after the president’s Twitter message about the taxes, he also criticized a new music video by the rapper Snoop Dogg, in which the musician points a toy gun at a clown dressed as the president.
Mr. Trump suggested a double standard, suggesting that if the rapper had pointed a gun at a depiction of former President Barack Obama, the reaction would have been different.
“Can you imagine what the outcry would be if @SnoopDogg, failing career and all, had aimed and fired the gun at President Obama? Jail time!”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — In a city that seems to be perpetually undergoing cultural and political transformation, there are certain parts of life that stay constant: paralysis on Capitol Hill. The occasional appearance of a butter-stick-size panda cub. The predictably unpredictable Washington Metro.
And now there are the steady chants of people who protest.
Only weeks into the administration of President Trump, many residents of this heavily Democratic area who once attended the occasional protest have adopted resistance to the Trump administration as a lifestyle. They go to weekend marches, organize with friends after work or get together to send batches of postcards to the White House.
“I did notice that it’s getting to be more of a type of social event,” said Denisha Jones, an assistant professor of teacher education at Trinity Washington University, who has attended several protests since Inauguration Day. “Folks I normally go to brunch with, we go to protests.”
“Protesting is the new brunch” sounds like an inscription on a T-shirt — and, thanks to the internet, it is. But it’s also a phrase traded among friends at bars, at work or on the walk home from yet another demonstration. “See you next weekend,” people say.
Sometimes it’s even sooner than that. Protests organized against Mr. Trump can amass hundreds on the fly: When the administration issued its first version of a travel ban that barred people from seven predominantly Muslim nations, Ms. Jones said, “the next day we were all at the White House.”
The protests are also proliferating, with more expected as the weather warms. Mike Litterst, a spokesman for the National Park Service, said the agency had received about 200 requests since the start of the year to demonstrate on parklands in Washington, including the National Mall. There were about 50 requests during the same period last year. (The number this year does include the numerous protests around the time of the inaugural.)
Another sign of an uptick is the crowd at All Souls Unitarian, a Washington church where social justice and worship have long gone hand in hand. Each Sunday service has attracted about 200 more people than before the election, said the Rev. Dr. Robert M. Hardies, the church’s senior minister. The 2,400 people who attended the first service after the Jan. 21 Women’s March on Washington set a record.
“You show up at an airport and you feel like you’re with your people,” Mr. Hardies said, referring to protests against the Trump administration’s travel ban. “You come to church and you’re with your people.”
There are now so many weekend demonstrations to choose from that people who want to participate are running out of weekend hours. So they are figuring out how to squeeze in a protest during the workday. During the recent A Day Without a Woman protest, Wajiha Rais, a 25-year-old lawyer, used her lunch hour to attend. She grabbed a sign that said “Keep your tiny, tiny, tiny hands off my uterus” and stood in Lafayette Square outside the White House with women who had taken the day off.
“There seems to be something going on every day, and I want to contribute,” Ms. Rais said. “It feels like the country has regressed quite a bit with our new president.”
Another demonstration last week against a revised version of Mr. Trump’s travel ban was held at 8 a.m. outside the Customs and Border Protection headquarters and dispersed within the hour.
Leah Muskin-Pierret, 22, who described her work as advocacy on Middle East policy, often attends protests. She said she had noticed newcomers who were willing to attend protests, even if the gatherings ended quickly.
“I definitely think that more people are coming out,” Ms. Muskin-Pierret said. “People feel a new obligation to stand up for what they believe in.”
Protesting has always been a way for people to find community and celebrate their cause, according to Rachel L. Einwohner, a professor at Purdue University who studies the sociology of protests. Ms. Einwohner said the recent popularization of the term “the resistance” by liberals might have had a lot to do with how easily it blended with modern pop culture. The prevalence of Princess Leia signs at the Women’s March is one example, she said.
The concept of resistance is also a more accessible idea for people who cannot attend a big march or travel to a demonstration.
These days, she said, resistance can be as simple as deleting the Uber app.
“The word ‘protest’ often gets a bad rap,” Ms. Einwohner said. “‘Resistance’ is also a little more acceptable and safer.”
Others are finding small ways to stay active by mixing social activism with social activities. Megan McPeak Davis, a school psychologist, said she was motivated to start organizing her network of friends and acquaintances hours after she returned home from the Women’s March in Washington. She created a private Facebook group — Nasty Women Make Plans — and, following the guidance set by organizers of the march, invited a group of friends over to meet and figure out what to do next. For her, it was a more serious version of a book club.
“I don’t have a ton of time for socialization,” said Ms. McPeak Davis, 37, a mother of two. “I’m kind of in the place where if I can get social and active in the same time, that’s like two bangs for my buck.”
It’s also not uncommon for friendship and the occasional romance to blossom. Brendan Orsinger, a 35-year-old activist, said that he met a love interest last year after they had both been booked and put in handcuffs for civil disobedience at the Capitol.
“We ended up dating,” he said.
The love did not last. Mr. Orsinger met someone else — at another protest.
One obstacle is protest fatigue. Ms. Muskin-Pierret, who attended the early-morning protest, called the problem of weariness “so real,” and Ms. Jones, the college professor, said “self care” was becoming an important element of her routine.
“At some point,” Ms. Jones said, “you’re just going to have to say, ‘I can’t protest this weekend, I have other things to do.’”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump traveled to Detroit on Wednesday to announce a rollback of stringent fuel economy standards for cars and trucks that were put in place by the Obama administration — a welcome message to American automakers but one that could slow the push for a new generation of efficient vehicles.
The fuel-economy rules, aimed at cutting heat-trapping carbon dioxide, were one of the two main pillars of President Barack Obama’s climate change legacy. Put forth in 2012, they would have required automakers to nearly double the average fuel economy of new cars and trucks to 54.5 miles per gallon by 2025, forcing automakers to speed development of highly fuel-efficient vehicles, including hybrid and electric cars.
The rules have been widely praised by environmentalists and energy economists for reducing the nation’s dependence on foreign oil and its greenhouse pollution. If put fully into effect, the fuel efficiency standards would have cut oil consumption by about 12 billion barrels and reduced carbon dioxide pollution by about six billion tons over the lifetime of all the cars affected by the regulations.
That would have been a little more than the amount of oil consumed and carbon pollution produced by the United States in a year, according to the Environmental Protection Agency.
But automakers said the fuel standards would be technologically hard to achieve and expensive to comply with. In their first Oval Office meeting with Mr. Trump, executives from the three Detroit car companies — General Motors, Ford Motor and Fiat Chrysler — asked him to revisit and revise his predecessor’s rules.
Mr. Trump is using his Detroit trip to tell the executives that he will oblige their request — and to tell autoworkers that the loosened rules will stimulate the growth of manufacturing jobs.
The president’s announcement alone will not be enough to roll back the standards; that will take more than a year of legal and regulatory reviews by the E.P.A. and the Transportation Department. The Trump administration will then propose its replacement fuel-economy standards by April of next year, according to a senior White House official.
The Motor City announcement is the first of an expected one-two punch from Mr. Trump aimed at undercutting Mr. Obama’s  climate change policies. Mr. Trump is also expected to announce in the coming weeks that he intends to direct the E.P.A. to dismantle Mr. Obama’s regulations on planet-warming pollution from coal-fired power plants.
The announcements follow public remarks last week by the E.P.A. administrator, Scott Pruitt, that he does not believe carbon dioxide is a primary driver of global warming, a statement at odds with the global scientific consensus on climate change.
“These announcements mean that Mr. Trump is going to live up to his campaign vows, reversing course on climate, destroying much of the Obama legacy in this realm, and increasing these levels of harmful emissions,” said Robert N. Stavins, director of the environmental economics program at Harvard University.
Mr. Stavins and other experts noted that these policies would make it impossible for the United States to meet Mr. Obama’s commitments under the 2015 Paris Agreement, the landmark accord that committed nearly every nation to reducing greenhouse pollution. Mr. Obama’s pledge that the United States would reduce its emissions about 26 percent from 2005 levels by 2025 was dependent upon the enactment of the stringent regulations on tailpipe and smokestack pollution.
But automakers have complained for months that the fuel economy standards hurt their bottom lines.
On Feb. 21, a coalition of the 17 largest companies that sell cars in the United States sent two letters to Mr. Pruitt, asking him to revisit the tailpipe rules. They said it may be “the single most important decision the E.P.A. has made in recent history.”
They complained about the steep technical challenge posed by the standard, noting that only about 3.5 percent of new vehicles are able to reach it. That even excludes some hybrid cars, plug-in electric cars and fuel cell vehicles, the automakers wrote, adding, “Even today, no conventional vehicle today meets that target.”
The automakers estimated their industry would have to spend a “staggering” $200 billion between 2012 and 2025 to comply with the rules.
They argued that the consumer auto market leans toward gas-guzzling trucks and sport utility vehicles.
While automakers are legally locked in to meeting the increasing fuel economy standards through 2021, Mr. Trump’s announcement is expected to signal that the E.P.A. and the Transportation Department will review and revise the standards for model years 2022 through 2025 — the years in which automakers would be required to most drastically increase vehicle fuel economy.
Environmental groups have challenged the automakers’ assertion that fuel-saving technology needed to meet the standards is too costly.
The research group Consumers Union has found that the current standards for 2025 will allow consumers to save enough money on gasoline to more than offset any price increases for new technology. “Fuel efficiency technology pays for itself and is a boon to car and truck buyers that benefit from the savings greater efficiency offers,” said Shannon Baker-Branstetter, policy counsel for Consumers Union.
Meanwhile, economists say, rolling back the standards would increase, rather than decrease, the nation’s oil dependence.
The standards “affect U.S. oil dependence by reducing our oil consumption,” said Richard Newell, president of Resources for the Future, a nonpartisan research organization in Washington focused on energy economics.
Mr. Trump will not be granting the industry’s request for a broad review of fuel rules free of cost: He is expected to press carmakers to increase investment and add jobs in their manufacturing operations in the United States.
During the campaign and since the November election, Mr. Trump has been critical of companies, including G.M. and Ford, for building vehicles in Mexico for the United States market.
In response, several automakers have announced plans to add jobs and ramp up investment in existing American factories. Ford went a step further and canceled a new $1.6-billion assembly plant in Mexico that had been repeatedly criticized by Mr. Trump.
But relaxed fuel-economy standards may not provide enough incentive for automakers to risk adding significant numbers of jobs.
Car companies are making big profits in the North American market, and their plants are running at near-capacity levels. Last year, auto companies set a second consecutive annual sales record in the United States with about 17.5 million new vehicles sold.
The growth in sales, however, has begun to level off. And automakers are wary of expanding production beyond the current level of demand.



ARTICLE
Rachel Maddow had a big scoop, and she handled it her way.
With a single tweet on Tuesday, Ms. Maddow, the MSNBC anchor, set the political world ablaze, announcing at 7:36 p.m. that she was poised to reveal previously unseen tax records from President Trump on her 9 p.m. program. (“Seriously,” Ms. Maddow added.)
In the need-it-this-instant world of online news, 84 minutes struck some journalists as an awfully long time to wait. The White House took advantage, releasing a pre-emptive statement that detailed Mr. Trump’s tax figures from 2005 before MSNBC had a chance to air its own report. The Daily Beast and other news outlets ran items as well.
Ms. Maddow, who is enjoying the biggest viewership of her show’s nine-year run, did not appear to mind. She opened her program on Tuesday as she usually does: with a deliberately paced, fact-heavy monologue, in this case reviewing Mr. Trump’s past refusal to release his taxes to catch up viewers on why this new revelation mattered.
The revelation itself, however, was held back until after the first commercial break, a windup that some fellow journalists, eager for any bombshells, found exceedingly lengthy.
“If you have news, Rachel please tell us. Soon. I’m not young,” tweeted Bob Ley, an ESPN anchor.
“Of course — right after a commercial break. This is the worst episode of American Idol,” complained Zeke Miller, a White House reporter for Time.
The wait, about 20 minutes in all, may have irked political reporters, but it was of a piece with the strategy Ms. Maddow has laid out for herself and her staff. In an interview last week, she described “a real sense of responsibility” to educate her 2.6 million-strong audience, particularly those who may be casual consumers of the news.
“There’s new people here every night,” Ms. Maddow said in her NBC office in New York. “I don’t feel like I’m doing a clubhouse update. I don’t feel like I’ve got a choir that was here at last night’s practice too. I definitely feel like, hey, if you’re new, let me meet you where you are.”
Ultimately, the reporting that Ms. Maddow eventually aired on Tuesday night’s show — two pages from a single, decade-old federal tax return — was less groundbreaking than the mere fact that a portion of the president’s records had surfaced at all. The journalist who obtained the records, David Cay Johnston, a former tax reporter for The New York Times, said that the documents arrived “over the transom” in his mailbox. Mr. Johnston even speculated on-air that Mr. Trump had sent the documents himself.
The discussion between Ms. Maddow and Mr. Johnston veered into some odd directions, with Mr. Johnston mentioning a connection between Mr. Trump and the mob. And Ms. Maddow’s opening monologue raised lingering questions about links between Mr. Trump and Russia — questions that no simple 1040 form, like the one sent to Mr. Johnston, could address.
It was not until the end of the program that Ms. Maddow invited on an NBC News political reporter, Hallie Jackson, who dialed in by telephone for a more sober analysis of the tax findings. By then, Ms. Maddow’s show was about to end.
On Twitter, journalists complained that Ms. Maddow had overhyped her findings with the initial teasing tweet, noting that the information in the returns did not amount to a scandal. Others asked why so much of the focus was on Ms. Maddow and not the subject at hand. “The President of the United States has not released his tax returns,” wrote Peter Hamby, a journalist at Snapchat who previously worked for CNN. “Journalists are attacking Maddow for using her show to discuss this.”
Good reviews or bad — scoop or no scoop — Ms. Maddow’s Tuesday program is sure to keep her at the center of the political conversation. Last week, Ms. Maddow achieved a ratings milestone, beating out Fox News heavyweights Bill O’Reilly and Tucker Carlson among viewers aged 25 to 54, the most coveted demographic in television news.
“Never imagined I would want to choose a restaurant based on their willingness to turn on Rachel Maddow’s show,” the Politico reporter Josh Dawsey wrote on Twitter on Tuesday evening. “Yet here we are.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump wrote off more than $100 million in business losses to reduce his federal taxes in 2005, according to forms made public on Tuesday night: a rare glimpse at documents that he had refused to disclose since becoming a candidate for the nation’s highest office.
Mr. Trump paid $38 million in federal income taxes on reported income of $150 million, an effective tax rate of 25 percent, according to forms disclosed on Rachel Maddow’s MSNBC show. By claiming losses, Mr. Trump apparently saved millions of dollars in taxes that he would otherwise have owed.
The White House responded without even waiting for the show to air, issuing a statement that seemed to confirm the authenticity of the forms even as it defended Mr. Trump and assailed MSNBC for publicizing them. “Before being elected president, Mr. Trump was one of the most successful businessmen in the world, with a responsibility to his company, his family and his employees to pay no more tax than legally required,” the statement said.
The White House described the business losses as a “large-scale depreciation for construction,” but did not elaborate. In addition to the federal income taxes in 2005, the statement said, he paid “tens of millions of dollars in other taxes, such as sales and excise taxes and employment taxes, and this illegally published return proves just that.”
Mr. Trump’s refusal to make his tax returns public during the campaign broke with decades of tradition in presidential contests and emerged as a central issue. That drumbeat has continued since he entered the White House, particularly from critics who contend that his returns may shed light on various aspects of his business practices, including whether he has done business with Russian companies and banks.
Nothing in the two pages produced on Tuesday night suggested any ties with Russia. Nor did they provide much information about his businesses that was not previously known. But they showed that the vast bulk of the federal income taxes he paid in 2005, $31 million, was paid under the alternative minimum tax, which Mr. Trump wants to abolish.
That tax serves as a backstop to the ordinary income tax and is intended to prevent wealthy Americans from paying no income tax at all. Without it, Mr. Trump would have paid about $5 million in regular taxes, plus nearly $2 million in self-employment taxes, on $153 million in income in 2005.
“Trump’s return shows that he’s pushing tax changes that benefit multimillionaire heirs like him, not the middle class,” said Lily Batchelder, a tax law professor at New York University and former majority chief tax counsel for the Senate Finance Committee. “His proposal to repeal the A.M.T. would have slashed his own tax burden by $31 million, and his income tax rate would be lower than the average rate paid by families earning $75,000 to $100,000.”
Edward Kleinbard, a professor of tax law at the University of Southern California, said, “It’s disturbing that he is pushing to eliminate the only tax that really bit him in that year.”
The White House castigated MSNBC for reporting on Mr. Trump’s taxes. “You know you are desperate for ratings when you are willing to violate the law to push a story about two pages of tax returns from over a decade ago,” its statement said. “The dishonest media can continue to make this part of their agenda, while the president will focus on his, which includes tax reform that will benefit all Americans.”
The president’s son Donald Trump Jr. suggested that the disclosure only demonstrated his father’s business acumen. “Thank you Rachel Maddow for proving to your #Trump hating followers how successful @realdonaldtrump is & that he paid $40mm in taxes!” he wrote on Twitter.
Democrats pounced on Tuesday night’s report, arguing that the White House’s decision to release details of Mr. Trump’s 2005 taxes before Ms. Maddow’s show undercut his past refusal to release any such information.
“If they can release some of the information, they can release all of the information,” Zac Petkanas, a senior adviser to the Democratic National Committee, said in a statement. “The only reason not to release his returns is to hide what’s in them, such as financial connections with Russian oligarchs and the Kremlin.”
The tax forms were sent to David Cay Johnston, a former New York Times reporter who covered tax policy for years and has written a book, “The Making of Donald Trump.” Appearing with Ms. Maddow, he said he had received the forms “over the transom” at his home and did not know who had sent them. He suggested that they might even have been sent by Mr. Trump himself. Because he did not solicit the forms, Mr. Johnston said it was not illegal to receive them or publish them on his website.
The forms showed that Mr. Trump made $67 million in real estate royalties, $42 million in business income, $32 million in capital gains, $9 million in taxable interest and $998,599 in salary in 2005, for a total of nearly $153 million. After writing off $103 million, he reported adjusted gross income of nearly $49 million. In the end, he had to write a check for $2,450,597, including penalties and interest for late payment.
In October, The Times published three pages of Mr. Trump’s 1995 tax returns, which showed a $916 million deduction that could have allowed him to legally avoid paying federal income taxes for up to 18 years. The forms disclosed on Tuesday do not say whether the $103 million in losses were left over from that 1995 loss.
The 1995 deduction was derived from the financial wreckage of some of the companies Mr. Trump drove into bankruptcy years ago, including his Atlantic City casinos, and would have allowed him to cancel out taxable income for an 18-year period. A tax code provision benefiting real estate developers, which took effect in 1993, permitted businesses like Mr. Trump’s to take tax deductions for losing other people’s money.
Last year, The Wall Street Journal reported that Mr. Trump was able to deduct $39.1 million from his federal income taxes in 2005 by pledging not to build on a New Jersey golf course he owned.
However, it was unclear how much of a deduction Mr. Trump actually took. The I.R.S. has challenged such deductions, known as conservation easements, saying that taxpayers overstated the value of their transactions.
During the presidential campaign, Mr. Trump initially promised he would release his tax returns. “I have very big returns, as you know, and I have everything all approved and very beautiful, and we’ll be working that over in the next period of time,” he said in a January 2016 television interview. He then backpedaled, saying he would wait until the I.R.S. had completed its audit. In May 2016, tax lawyers for Mr. Trump released a letter saying that his personal returns had been “under continuous examination” by the I.R.S. since 2002, and that examinations of his returns from 2009 on were continuing.
The I.R.S. has not confirmed that Mr. Trump’s taxes are, in fact, under audit.
Few people outside Mr. Trump’s inner circle have seen his tax returns. One person who has is Timothy L. O’Brien, another former Times reporter, whom Mr. Trump sued for libel after Mr. O’Brien published a book that argued that Mr. Trump’s net worth was $150 million to $250 million, rather than several billion dollars, as Mr. Trump had claimed. The suit was ultimately dismissed.
Limited information about Mr. Trump’s tax returns from other years has surfaced in court and regulatory records. A 1981 report by New Jersey regulators assessing his fitness for a casino license stated that he had paid more than $71,000 in federal income taxes on about $218,000 of taxable income earned from 1975 to 1977.
But in the next two years, 1978 and 1979, Mr. Trump paid no federal income taxes. The New Jersey report explained that, by taking advantage of deductions available to real estate developers and claiming losses from partnerships, he was able to report a “negative income” of $406,379 in 1978 and $3.4 million in 1979 — thus avoiding any tax liability for those two years, a time when he claimed to be worth hundreds of millions of dollars.
Tax court records indicate that Mr. Trump also avoided paying federal income taxes in 1984. In 1991 and 1993, when his Atlantic City casinos were in deep financial trouble, casino commission reports show he claimed losses that would have allowed him to avoid paying income taxes in those years, too. Mr. Trump may have been able to use those losses to reduce or eliminate his federal tax bill for years to come.
During the presidential debate, Hillary Clinton suggested that Mr. Trump was refusing to release his tax returns to hide the fact that he did not pay federal income taxes. “That makes me smart,” Mr. Trump retorted during one debate.
In response to The Times’s disclosure that Mr. Trump could have used a $916 million tax loss to avoid paying years of federal income taxes, Mr. Trump and his surrogates said the revelation merely proved his “genius” at legally avoiding that burden.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The publicity-shy billionaire Philip F. Anschutz inherited an oil and gas firm and built it into an empire that has sprawled into telecommunications, railroads, real estate, resorts, sports teams, stadiums, movies and conservative publications like The Weekly Standard and The Washington Examiner.
Mr. Anschutz’s influence is especially felt in his home state of Colorado, where years ago Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, a Denver native, the son of a well-known Colorado Republican and now President Trump’s nominee for the Supreme Court, was drawn into his orbit.
As a lawyer at a Washington law firm in the early 2000s, Judge Gorsuch represented Mr. Anschutz, his companies and lower-ranking business executives as an outside counsel. In 2006, Mr. Anschutz successfully lobbied Colorado’s lone Republican senator and the Bush administration to nominate Judge Gorsuch to the federal appeals court. And since joining the court, Judge Gorsuch has been a semiregular speaker at the mogul’s annual dove-hunting retreats for the wealthy and politically prominent at his 60-square-mile Eagles Nest Ranch.
“They say a country’s prosperity depends on three things: sound money, private property and the rule of law,” Judge Gorsuch said at the 2010 retreat, according to his speaker notes from that year. “This crowd hardly needs to hear from me about the first two of the problems we face on those scores.”
With the Senate Judiciary Committee set to take up Judge Gorsuch’s nomination next week, Democrats have based much of their criticism of him on the argument that his judicial and economic philosophy unduly favors corporations and the wealthy. But his relationship with Mr. Anschutz, 77, whose fortune is estimated by Forbes to be $12.6 billion, has received scant attention.
The Federalist Society and the Heritage Foundation, which developed the list of potential Supreme Court nominees from which Mr. Trump selected Judge Gorsuch, receive funding from Mr. Anschutz. But it is not clear how well the two know each other, in part because the mogul and those around him keep a low profile.
When a reporter called Mr. Anschutz’s company and asked for a press officer, a woman who answered said, “We do not respond to media requests.” She hung up when asked her name.
But he has connections with others who work with the Colorado billionaire. For nearly a dozen years, Judge Gorsuch has been partners in a limited-liability company with two of Mr. Anschutz’s top lieutenants. Together, they own a 40-acre property on the Colorado River in the mountains northwest of Denver, where they built a vacation home together.
Judge Gorsuch began representing Mr. Anschutz and his companies when he was working for the Washington law firm then known as Kellogg Huber. Mark Hansen, a senior partner at the firm, said he assigned the future judge, then a junior partner, to help on various cases involving the Anschutz Company “both because of his skills and experience and because he had expressed to me an interest in getting involved in things relating to his home state.”
A 2004 case was typical. A teachers’ retirement fund that owned shares in the Regal Entertainment theater chain sued over its decision to issue a debt-financed dividend that would permit Mr. Anschutz, who owned 58 percent of the company, to extract $368 million. The plaintiffs said this amounted to self-dealing.
Judge Gorsuch helped win a ruling in Regal’s favor by arguing that it could handle the extra debt, telling a judge, “This company is what some analysts call a cash cow.”
Another set of shareholder lawsuits in which Mr. Gorsuch represented Mr. Anschutz involved Qwest Communications International, whose stock price had collapsed amid an accounting fraud scandal after Mr. Anschutz, a Qwest board member, had sold off a large stake. Mr. Hansen said a judge dismissed Mr. Anschutz from the case, although Qwest paid a settlement.
In 2005, Judge Gorsuch left private practice to work at the Justice Department. But soon afterward, a seat on the federal appeals court in Denver became vacant, and Mr. Anschutz sought to secure it for him.
In January 2006, a top lawyer for Mr. Anschutz sent a letter on the billionaire’s behalf to President George W. Bush’s White House counsel, Harriet E. Miers, suggesting that he nominate Judge Gorsuch. The letter said Mr. Anschutz had spoken to Colorado’s only Republican senator at the time, Wayne Allard, about his idea.
“I have had the pleasure of knowing Mr. Gorsuch for several years, as we worked closely together on several complex federal cases,” wrote the lawyer, Bruce Black, who is now the executive vice president and general counsel of the Anschutz Company. “I have found Mr. Gorsuch to be an exceptionally talented lawyer.”
When he was named to the appeals court, Judge Gorsuch sought to recuse himself from numerous Anschutz-related cases “because my former client” was involved, according to a list he submitted to the Senate.
In 2007 he did participate in a case involving a firm that had merged with Qwest. The disability fund of the old firm, not Qwest, was named as the defendant, although the opinion, written by another judge, noted the old firm was “now Qwest.”
Liz Johnson, a spokeswoman for Judge Gorsuch, portrayed his participation in that Anschutz-linked case as inadvertent, explaining that he did not include the old firm’s name in a recusal list he filed with the court clerk because “it did not exist as an independent company” when he became a judge.
Steven Lubet, a Northwestern University law professor who has written about judicial ethics and recusals, said that so long as Judge Gorsuch disqualifies himself on a case-by-case basis from Supreme Court cases that are too involved with Mr. Anschutz’s interests, his ties to the billionaire should not be a problem.
But the judge appears to be leaving the door open to participating in Anschutz-related cases on the Supreme Court.
Ms. Johnson said his recusal practices at the appeals court went further than what is required on the Supreme Court. The Supreme Court’s procedure is that individual justices decide for themselves whether any particular case meets a vague standard for recusal set by a 1974 statute. It does not address whether cases involving former clients raise an improper appearance of a conflict of interest.
James Sample, a Hofstra University law professor who has studied Supreme Court recusals, said, “It’s very reasonable to ask a Supreme Court nominee for a more thorough answer” about how he will weigh such decisions, especially since “it seems as though there is a kind of continuous relationship — this is not just a past client.”
One of the Anschutz executives Judge Gorsuch represented in a Qwest lawsuit was Cannon Harvey, the head of the venture capital investment arm of Mr. Anschutz’s empire. In 2005, a company called the Walden Group filed paperwork  with the Colorado secretary of state that listed Mr. Harvey as the company’s registered agent, but did not disclose any other partners’ identities.
But when he was nominated for the appeals court, Judge Gorsuch disclosed in his Senate questionnaire that he was a partner, too. The Walden Group attracted little attention until his nomination to the Supreme Court, when American Bridge, a liberal research group, identified public records about it that linked Judge Gorsuch to Mr. Harvey.
Days after its formation, the Walden Group purchased a 40-acre property along the Colorado River’s headwaters in the mountains northwest of Denver. The group then built a 2,923-square-foot log house there overlooking “the quiet seclusion of the private fishery,” including both sides of 2,000 feet of the river, according to a real estate listing.
Ms. Johnson said the Walden Group has three partners: Judge Gorsuch, Mr. Harvey and Kevin Conwick. The judge befriended Mr. Harvey while representing Anschutz companies, and Mr. Conwick was a friend of the judge’s late father, a Denver lawyer, she said.
Mr. Conwick is also another important member of Mr. Anschutz’s network. His law firm profile focuses on his work through the years as the billionaire’s counsel in deals to buy sports teams and develop stadium and entertainment district projects, like the Staples Center in Los Angeles.
Ms. Johnson said Judge Gorsuch contributed $360,000 to the Walden Group, giving him a 20 percent stake; Mr. Harvey and Mr. Conwick each own 40 percent. She said the partners divide the time when each has a right to vacation on the river property, as well as taxes and utilities, based on their respective shares.
Although the judge’s stake is smaller than his partners’, county records direct correspondence about the property to him at the federal courthouse in Denver.
A longtime friend of Judge Gorsuch’s whom Ms. Johnson made available to discuss the property said the partnership had its origin years ago, when Judge Gorsuch’s father and a dozen friends — including Mr. Conwick — bought an adjoining property to be a timeshare they called the Walden Hollow Fishing Club. When the 40-acre property became available, the judge persuaded Mr. Harvey and Mr. Conwick to partner with him to buy it for a similar timeshare, the friend said.
Mr. Conwick and Mr. Harvey declined to discuss the partnership, but since 2015, the Walden Group has been trying to sell the property, and few neighbors know who owns it.
“They’re very protective of their fishing,” said Dawn Murphy, 46, who said she was one of only a few year-round residents nearby.
But down the gravel road from Ms. Murphy’s cabin, a man outside a ranch house identified himself as the river property’s caretaker.
“I’m one of maybe half a dozen people in this valley who know of Neil Gorsuch,” he said.
Then, emphasizing that he was a former law enforcement official, he asked a reporter to leave.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — In the latest verbal acrobatics over President Trump’s allegation that President Barack Obama spied on him during the 2016 campaign, the White House spokesman said on Tuesday that he was confident Mr. Trump’s claim would eventually be found to be true.
Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said he was “very confident” that the Justice Department would submit data to the House Intelligence Committee after it missed a Monday deadline to produce evidence of Mr. Trump’s claim. The House committee is investigating Russian interference in the presidential election.
Mr. Trump is “extremely confident” that there will be evidence to support his accusation, Mr. Spicer said on Tuesday. “There is significant reporting about surveillance techniques that have existed throughout the 2016 election. I’ll leave it to them to issue their report, but I think he feels very confident that what will ultimately come of this will vindicate him.”
Mr. Spicer also said that Kellyanne Conway, a senior adviser to Mr. Trump who suggested in an interview that the surveillance could have included a microwave oven, made the comment as a joke. “The microwave is not a sound way of surveilling someone, and I think that has been cleaned up,” Mr. Spicer said. “It was made in jest, so I think we can put that to rest.”
Ms. Conway said on Monday that she had not been referring to Mr. Obama’s surveillance against Mr. Trump when she mentioned a microwave, although she made the remark in response to a question about that topic.
Mr. Spicer’s comments on Tuesday were the latest in a series of shifting explanations and deflections as Mr. Trump’s inner circle has tried to adhere to his extraordinary Twitter posts two weekends ago about his predecessor. After Mr. Trump posted statements claiming that Mr. Obama had tapped Mr. Trump’s phones at Trump Tower, White House officials said they had referred the matter to the House and Senate intelligence panels and would have no further comment until those findings were complete.
But that posture has been difficult to maintain in the face of mounting questions from lawmakers and others about what Mr. Trump meant and where he got his information, with calls for him to publicly explain himself.
On Monday, Mr. Spicer said that the president had not meant to imply that Mr. Obama had tapped his telephone, but that he was referring in general to surveillance that had been well documented, including articles by The New York Times, during the presidential race.
But The Times did not report that Mr. Trump was the target of any surveillance, even though that notion has gained currency on right-wing websites, including some that traffic in conspiracy theories.
Mr. Spicer’s assertion on Tuesday that the allegation would ultimately be proved correct suggested either that the president believes there was enough evidence for himself to be implicated in a serious crime or as an agent of a foreign power, or that the Obama administration had flouted the law to spy on him.
Asked directly whether Mr. Trump believed that microwave ovens or televisions had been used to spy on him, Mr. Spicer said: “I would just say that the president has tweeted about this. He’s pretty clear that he believes that there was surveillance that was conducted during the 2016 election.”



ARTICLE
Hillary Clinton said she was “ready to come out of the woods” during a St. Patrick’s Day speech on Friday night in Pennsylvania in front of an overflow crowd — an indication that she plans to shed the low profile she has kept since the election.
Mrs. Clinton, the presidential candidate and a former secretary of state, made the comments at the end of a nearly 20-minute talk she gave at a yearly St. Patrick’s Day celebration held by a women’s group in Scranton — in the northeast corner of a battleground state that made for one of her most surprising electoral losses in November.
Mrs. Clinton, whose grandfather and father grew up in Scranton, spoke about her family’s connections to the area, including many summers she spent at a nearby lake as a child. But at the end of the speech, given in the ballroom of a local Hilton hotel, her words turned, if only glancingly, to current affairs.
“I’m like a lot of my friends right now. I have a hard time watching the news, I’ll confess,” she said, according to a video of the event. “I am ready to come out of the woods and to help shine a light on what is already happening around kitchen tables, at dinners like this.”
Mrs. Clinton spoke to a crowd of nearly 700 people, according to Mary Clare Kingsley, a president of the Society of Irish Women, which held the event: about 500 people in the ballroom and an additional 175 who watched the speech via video in an overflow room. Ms. Kingsley said it was the largest attendance for the event, surpassing the total when the group hosted Barack Obama during the presidential campaign of 2008.
The group hoped for years to land Mrs. Clinton and sent her an invitation letter in December.
“We figured if anyone could motivate women, who better to have there than her,” Ms. Kingsley said.
Taking the stage before the dinner was served, Mrs. Clinton spoke at length about her grandfather, who came to Scranton with his parents when he was 3, the sixth of an eventual 11 children from a family that left the coal mines in England “searching for a better life and more opportunity.”
She emphasized their connection to industrial prosperity in the United States, speaking glowingly of her grandfather’s job at a lace mill in the area, where she said he worked as a teenager until his retirement more than 50 years later. And she told the story of her father, who “hopped a freight train” to Chicago dreaming of bigger opportunities — “I don’t recommend this,” she said — and ended up selling textiles before serving in the Navy during World War II.
She also spoke of her own visits to Scranton with her family as a child and trips to a nearby lake, Lake Winola.
“The house that my grandfather built did not have indoor plumbing,” she said. “So, don’t tell anybody this, we’d go down to the lake.”
Ms. Kingsley, who described herself as a Clinton supporter, said the atmosphere in the room during Mrs. Clinton’s speech was “ecstatic.”
Lackawanna County, where Scranton is, voted narrowly for Mrs. Clinton, 49.8 percent to Donald J. Trump’s 46.3 percent, but Mr. Trump received a significantly higher percentage of votes than the previous two Republican nominees. But his victory in Pennsylvania was the first time since 1988 the state went to a Republican presidential nominee.
The Society of Irish Women is a group of about 100 that was founded in the 1990s because the local chapter of the Friendly Sons of Saint Patrick, an Irish-American group founded in 1906, did not permit women at its St. Patrick’s Day event, Ms. Kingsley said. (The national organization introduced its first female members in 2016.)
“Women were sitting here and watching their husbands go in their tuxedos to celebrate St. Patrick’s Day,” she said. “They decided to start their own group. But men are allowed at our dinner.”



ARTICLE
Washington — In December 2005, when Congress enacted the Detainee Treatment Act, tightening restrictions against torture but barring lawsuits by Guantánamo detainees, Neil Gorsuch stood at the center of the internal debate about whether President Bush should issue a signing statement about the bill.
Judge Gorsuch, whose Supreme Court confirmation hearing is set to start on Monday, was then a senior official in the Justice Department. He pushed strongly for a signing statement — in part, he wrote in an email, because it could make clear the Bush administration’s view that the new torture ban was “best read as essentially codifying existing interrogation policies.”
An email chain about the development of Mr. Bush’s eventual signing statement, which attracted critics because it also claimed a right to bypass the torture ban under his powers as commander in chief, was among more than 100 pages of emails and documents from Judge Gorsuch’s 2005-2006 tenure at the Justice Department that the Trump administration provided to the Senate late on Friday.
The executive branch had previously withheld those pages from nearly 175,000 documents it provided to Congress because it considered them covered by a privilege for confidential internal deliberations. But it waived that privilege after Senator Dianne Feinstein of California, the top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee, requested their disclosure. Previous disclosures showed that Judge Gorsuch helped to defend and advance the Bush administration’s positions related to Guantánamo detainees, military commissions and other policy disputes arising in the war on terrorism, although those policies had been set by others.
That same caveat applies to the newly available documents. Still, they could provide further clues to Judge Gorsuch’s approach to defining the scope and limits of a president’s power in national-security matters.
Disputes about the legality of Bush-era interrogation and surveillance policies arose in December 2005, and each came to involve Judge Gorsuch. First, Congress enacted the Detainee Treatment Act. Most of the attention given to the legislation focused on its creation of a new law, championed by Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, that barred officials from inflicting cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment on detainees anywhere in the world.
The Bush administration, which was running a torture program for terrorism suspects in overseas C.I.A. “black site” prisons, opposed Mr. McCain’s efforts. At the same time, Judge Gorsuch was working with Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, to include an amendment cutting off Guantánamo detainees’ access to the courts, which the administration supported. Both the torture ban and the court-stripping components made it into the final bill, setting up the internal debate about whether to have Mr. Bush issue a signing statement, an official document laying out a president’s understanding of a bill as he signs it into law.
Judge Gorsuch argued for a signing statement for several reasons, including that such a statement would help advance the view that the court-stripping measure applied to existing lawsuits and not just to future ones — a view the Supreme Court later rejected — and that it could set the stage for interpreting the torture ban in a limited way.
Although his email did not mention it, the context was that earlier in 2005, the Justice Department’s Office of Legal Counsel, in a then-secret memo, had already concluded that C.I.A. interrogation tactics like waterboarding and sleep deprivation did not amount to cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment. Judge Gorsuch wrote that issuing a statement “would help inoculate against the potential of having the administration criticized sometime in the future for not making sufficient changes in interrogation policy in light of the McCain portion of the amendment.”
Importantly, the email chain also shows that the most disputed part of Mr. Bush’s signing statement — a line that implied the president could bypass the new statute under his purported constitutional powers — was drafted not by Judge Gorsuch but by David Addington, the counsel to Vice President Dick Cheney.
Another controversy that broke out in December 2005 stemmed from the revelation that Mr. Bush had authorized the National Security Agency to wiretap Americans’ international phone calls and emails without warrants, despite a 1978 law that required warrants. The Bush administration argued that its program was legal in part because the president had inherent power to conduct warrantless surveillance for national security. Critics responded that even if the president may do something in the absence of a legal limit, it does not necessarily follow that he can still do it after a law forbids it.
In March 2006, Judge Gorsuch helped to draft a statement for Attorney General Alberto Gonzales at a hearing about the program. An initial draft said the president wielded “inherent” powers to conduct warrantless surveillance in wartime that “cannot be diminished or legislated away.”
But, the internal emails show, Paul Clement, the solicitor general at the time, objected that the suggestion Congress cannot encroach upon how presidents conduct surveillance was unconvincing, so Judge Gorsuch took that line out.
Still, in an email distributing the revised draft, Judge Gorsuch made clear that he did not endorse either view. “I am but the scrivener looking for language that might please everybody,” he wrote, “and I have tried to accomplish that in the attached latest draft.”



ARTICLE
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. — President Trump has selected George T. Conway III, the husband of his counselor Kellyanne Conway, to head the civil division of the Justice Department, people familiar with the decision said on Saturday, placing him in charge of a crucial office charged with defending Mr. Trump’s contentious travel ban and lawsuits alleging that his business activities violate the Constitution.
Mr. Conway, 53, would lead a department of about 1,000 lawyers that has vast reach across the government, handling issues like national security and consumer protection and enforcing federal programs and the actions of the president himself.
A White House spokeswoman declined to comment on a personnel matter, and the Justice Department did not immediately respond to requests. The people familiar with Mr. Trump’s decision confirmed it on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to pre-empt an impending announcement. The choice was first reported by The Wall Street Journal.
If confirmed, Mr. Conway would immediately be in charge of representing Mr. Trump in the legal challenges — which are widely expected to reach the Supreme Court — over his executive order barring people from six predominantly Muslim countries from entering the United States.
The White House narrowed the directive after its original version was blocked last month by judges who said it did not advance national security interests and violated the due process rights of lawful permanent residents, people holding visas and refugees.
But last week, two other federal judges — one in Hawaii and one in Maryland — moved to block the revised order, suggesting that it probably constituted religious discrimination and was in essence a backdoor Muslim ban of the sort that Mr. Trump promised during his presidential campaign.
It would also fall to Mr. Conway to oversee Mr. Trump’s defense in a pending lawsuit charging him with violations of the Constitution’s Emoluments Clause, which bans federal officeholders from accepting gifts or payments from foreign governments, because of the profits his hotels and resorts receive from foreign officials who are customers.
Before he was inaugurated, Mr. Trump’s personal lawyers argued that the clause did not bar “fair-market-value transactions,” like paying for hotel rooms. But the lawsuit, filed by Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, a liberal watchdog group on government corruption, contends that the clause does bar such transactions.
It is likely that Mr. Trump will face additional legal challenges regarding possible conflicts of interest stemming from his vast real estate and business empire, from which he has refused to divest.
Installing Mr. Conway to lead the civil division means that defending the president from such challenges will become a family affair for the Conways. Ms. Conway, a staunch loyalist who ran the final months of Mr. Trump’s presidential campaign, has been a frequent presence on television news programs promoting the president’s agenda and dismissing criticism of his style and record.
Her zeal on Mr. Trump’s behalf has sometimes landed her at the center of controversy, such as when she claimed that the White House was entitled to put forward “alternative facts” about the crowd size at his inauguration, and in a separate interview a few weeks later, referred to a terrorist attack in Bowling Green that never occurred. Last week, she appeared to suggest that President Barack Obama might have spied on Mr. Trump through a microwave. Ms. Conway later clarified that she was speaking in general about possible means of surveillance, not about Mr. Obama, and Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said she had been joking.
Mr. Conway had been a contender for the job of solicitor general for the Trump administration, but Mr. Trump announced this month that the job would go to Noel J. Francisco.
Mr. Conway is a partner at the New York City firm of Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz. He specializes in securities, contract and antitrust litigation, as well as mergers and acquisitions, according to his biography on the firm’s website. He is a graduate of Harvard University and the Yale Law School.
While there is a law against nepotism in government, it would not affect the Conways. It says that no public official can hire a family member — including one related by marriage — to serve in an agency or office over which he or she has authority. Ms. Conway would have no direct authority over her husband were he to be confirmed, nor would the reverse be true.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — On April 3, 1962, President John F. Kennedy nominated Byron R. White to the Supreme Court. The Senate confirmed him by a voice vote less than two weeks later, after a perfunctory 90-minute hearing during which the nominee smoked cigarettes and doodled while senators praised his legal skills.
On Monday, one of White’s former law clerks, Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, will appear at his own Supreme Court confirmation hearing. It will last for days and reflect the brutal politics of a polarized era.
In 2002, as a lawyer in private practice, Judge Gorsuch recalled his old boss’s smooth ride and rued the modern judicial confirmation process, which he described in an article as “an ideological food fight.”
Fifteen years later, the atmosphere has grown even more rancorous and sour. In particular, Senate Republicans’ refusal to consider President Barack Obama’s nomination of Judge Merrick B. Garland to the Supreme Court last year was a shock to the system, said Nathaniel Persily, a law professor at Stanford.
“The Senate confirmation process for Supreme Court justices has always been cabined by norms of behavior and unwritten rules,” Professor Persily said. “With the failure even to have a hearing on Garland, the norms have all gone out the window. The Democrats now feel emboldened to try anything.”
Senate Democrats have indeed pledged to probe every aspect of Judge Gorsuch’s background and views. They say he has failed to distance himself from President Trump’s attacks on judges, that he cannot be trusted to rein in executive power and that his jurisprudence is skewed toward business interests.
It is not clear whether those critiques will resonate with the public or matter in the end. Republicans hold 52 seats in the Senate, and they say they are committed to confirming Judge Gorsuch even if that requires revisions to rules requiring a 60-vote majority.
Supreme Court appointments are committed to the political branches of the government, meaning they are to some extent political by constitutional design. But politics were not always in the foreground to the extent they are today.
In his 2002 article, Judge Gorsuch seemed to trace the change in tone to the lingering aftermath of the Senate’s 1987 rejection of President Ronald Reagan’s nomination of Judge Robert H. Bork. “When a favored candidate is voted down for lack of sufficient political sympathy to those in control,” Judge Gorsuch wrote, “grudges are held for years, and retaliation is guaranteed.”
Whatever its origins, the modern confirmation process is doing harm to the Supreme Court’s authority, Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. said in February last year.
“When you have a sharply political, divisive hearing process, it increases the danger that whoever comes out of it will be viewed in those terms,” Chief Justice Roberts said. “If the Democrats and Republicans have been fighting so fiercely about whether you’re going to be confirmed, it’s natural for some member of the public to think, well, you must be identified in a particular way as a result of that process.”
“We don’t work as Democrats or Republicans,” he said, “and I think it’s a very unfortunate impression the public might get from the confirmation process.”
Chief Justice Roberts spoke just weeks before the death of Justice Antonin Scalia. Justice Scalia, who was confirmed in 1986, the year before Judge Bork was voted down, was the product of a different era.
“I was confirmed 98 to 0,” Justice Scalia told a bar group in 2007. “I was known as a conservative then, but I was perceived to be an honest person. I couldn’t get 60 votes today. I guess the name of the game’s changed.”
In 1991, Justice Clarence Thomas, facing accusations of sexual harassment, barely squeaked through by a 52-to-48 vote. Last year, he said confirmation battles had turned into total war.
“This city is broken in some ways,” Justice Thomas said. “We have decided that rather than confront the disagreements and the differences of opinion, we’ll simply annihilate the person who disagrees with us.”
Things were different in 1962, Judge Gorsuch wrote, when White sailed through based on “his integrity, accomplishment and life experience.”
“Excellence plainly is no longer the dispositive virtue, as it was to President Kennedy,” Judge Gorsuch wrote in 2002. Though White was nominated by the Democratic president, he was widely seen as a staunch pragmatist — and later grew comfortable as a jurist in the court of conservative Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist.
Instead, Judge Gorsuch wrote, “some of the most impressive judicial nominees are grossly mistreated.” He named two, calling them “among the finest lawyers of their generation.”
One was John Roberts, who was then waiting to be confirmed to a seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. The other was Judge Garland, who had waited 18 months before his confirmation to the D.C. Circuit.
In January, just after Mr. Trump announced his nomination, Judge Gorsuch called Judge Garland. It was, some said, a welcome gesture of grace and respect. Others called it empty and calculated political theater.
Given Republican control of the Senate, Judge Gorsuch is likely to be confirmed, though perhaps only after a momentous revision to Senate practices to eliminate the filibuster against Supreme Court nominees.
But justices and others worry about the cost to the Supreme Court’s authority when its members are portrayed in starkly political terms.
“I am sad that the public has lost confidence in the judiciary,” Justice Sonia Sotomayor told law students at the University of California, Berkeley, this month. “That so many people believe we are politicized is also saddening to me.”
The truth, she said, is “not that the court has become politicized, but that the society has.”
These days, Chief Justice Roberts said last year of Supreme Court confirmations, “the process is not functioning very well.”
“Look at my more recent colleagues, all extremely well qualified for the court,” Chief Justice Roberts said, “and the votes were, I think, strictly on party lines for the last three of them, or close to it, and that doesn’t make any sense. That suggests to me that the process is being used for something other than ensuring the qualifications of the nominees.”
Forty-two senators voted against Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr., who was nominated by President George W. Bush. Thirty-one senators voted against Justice Sotomayor, and 37 against Justice Elena Kagan, both nominated by Mr. Obama.
“The court is increasingly being perceived as a political institution,” Professor Persily said. That means, he said, that the justices “are less likely to be able to rely on the reservoir of good will that they have built up over time because attitudes toward the court are now swaying with the political winds as well.”
But there is reason to think that Judge Gorsuch’s confirmation hearings will shift public opinion away from a purely political conception of the Supreme Court, said Lori A. Ringhand, a law professor at the University of Georgia and an author of “Supreme Court Confirmation Hearings and Constitutional Change.”
“One of the values of confirmation hearings is the public discussion of constitutional issues in the language of constitutional law,” Professor Ringhand said. “I don’t think hearings, over all, hurt the legitimacy of the court. Whether this particular situation hurts the legitimacy of the court will depend a lot on how it plays out.”
Justin Driver, a law professor at the University of Chicago, also said there was some reason for optimism.
“Confirmation hearings can matter a great deal,” Professor Driver said. “Some people say they are a boring ritual. I agree with the ‘ritual’ part but not the ‘boring’ part. What is said at the confirmation hearings indicates a lot about the shape of our constitutional conversation.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Minutes before President Trump was to take the stage in Nashville last week to make his case for the health care overhaul he had promised, he received some unwelcome news that shifted his script.
A Federal District Court judge in Hawaii had just placed another stay on his ban on travelers from six predominantly Muslim countries, dealing his order a second legal setback in two months. As a country music duo crooned in an auditorium still filling with adoring supporters of Mr. Trump, the president fumed backstage and huddled with his staff for a hasty redrafting of the speech.
When Mr. Trump emerged, he decided to relegate the health care overhaul, which he has identified as a top domestic priority, to a brief mention more than halfway through the speech. He instead replaced its prime billing with an angry diatribe against the travel ban ruling and the judge who had issued it.
“I have to be nice, otherwise I’ll get criticized for speaking poorly about our courts,” he said. But he could not help himself: The president soon suggested that the court that had just ruled against him should be destroyed. “People are screaming, ‘Break up the Ninth Circuit!’ ”
Once again, Mr. Trump’s agenda was subsumed by problems of his own making, his message undercut by a seemingly endless stream of controversy he cannot seem to stop himself from feeding.
The health care measure appears on track for a House vote this week, and the president, who planned a weekend of relaxation at Mar-a-Lago, his Palm Beach, Fla., club, is likely to receive a large measure of the credit. But it has also become clear that Mr. Trump, an agitator incapable of responding proportionately to any slight, appears hellbent on squandering his honeymoon.
Instead, he has sowed chaos in his own West Wing, and talked or tweeted his way into trouble, over and over again.
That was never more apparent than over the last week, when fresh questions about his refusal to release his tax returns and the blocking of his executive order sapped the spotlight from his efforts to build support for the health measure and even the unveiling of his first budget.
Even more self-lacerating: his insistence that President Barack Obama had authorized surveillance on his 2016 campaign, a claim that continued unabated despite rebukes from Republicans, denials by the congressional intelligence committees and complaints from the British government after Mr. Trump’s spokesman suggested that one of its intelligence agencies had aided in the spying.
“It’s a pattern with him — he sometimes counterpunches so hard he hits himself,” said Ari Fleischer, who served as White House press secretary for George W. Bush.
The public outbursts are mirrored by internal tensions. With the embers of the old rivalry extinguished between his chief strategist, Stephen K. Bannon, and chief of staff, Reince Priebus, a new realignment has emerged in a West Wing already rived by suspicion and intrigue.
Gary Cohn, the former Goldman Sachs executive who serves as the president’s top economic policy adviser and who is decidedly more liberal than the rest of Mr. Trump’s inner circle, is on the rise, and has the ear of the president’s powerful son-in-law, Jared Kushner. Mr. Kushner also gained an ally on the National Security Council with the appointment of Dina Powell, a Republican and another former Goldman official who worked with Mr. Cohn, as a deputy for strategy.
In the newness of the administration, the constant need to tend to internal dynamics has been a distraction. The aides have watched each other warily and tried tending to the president’s base of supporters amid a sea of appointments of people who worked on Wall Street.
Mr. Trump is not bothered by turf battles in his administration. He believes they foster competition and keep any one aide from accumulating too much power. He is even more enthusiastic about waging war publicly, believing that it fires up his white working-class base.
Indeed, in Nashville on Wednesday night, Mr. Trump spoke to a rapturous crowd of almost 10,000 people and his embattled spokesman, Sean Spicer, was greeted as a star by awe-struck supporters, who spent several minutes crowding around him to take pictures and pat him on the back.
But in Washington, some Republican lawmakers and officials have watched in dismay and frustration, they say privately, because the president they are looking to for cover and salesmanship of the health care overhaul keeps getting sidetracked.
One of those diversions came after the judge’s ruling on the travel ban. In Nashville, the president said he would prefer to go back to his first, more restrictive ban and pursue it to the Supreme Court. “That’s what I wanted to do in the first place,” Mr. Trump said, a statement that seems destined to be used against his own lawyers in upcoming court cases on the executive order.
For Mr. Trump, this was supposed to be a week of pivoting and message discipline. The president read from a script during public appearances and posted on Twitter less often. He invited lawmakers from both parties to the White House for strategy sessions on the health measure. He scheduled policy speeches, like one near Detroit, where he announced that he was halting fuel economy standards imposed by Mr. Obama, and the rally in Nashville, where he visited the grave of Andrew Jackson, the populist patron selected by his history-minded political impresario, Mr. Bannon, as Mr. Trump’s presidential analog.
But by Friday, as Mr. Trump worked to call attention to his powers of persuasion in securing commitments from a dozen wavering Republicans to back the health measure, the White House was left frantically trying to explain why Mr. Spicer had repeated allegations that the Government Communications Headquarters, the British spy agency, had helped to eavesdrop on the president during the campaign.
Rather than expressing regret for a slight of one of the United States’ strongest allies, Mr. Trump was unapologetic.
“We said nothing,” he said at a news conference with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany. “All we did was quote a certain very talented legal mind who was the one responsible for saying that on television,” he added, referring to Andrew Napolitano, the commentator who first leveled the charge about the involvement of the British intelligence service on Fox News.
That did not seem to be enough for the irate British, who had called the charge “nonsense” and “utterly ridiculous.” Shepard Smith, a Fox News anchor, later disavowed it as well, saying his network could not back up Mr. Napolitano’s claims.
The episode left little time for talk of Mr. Trump’s “America First” budget released on Thursday, filled with domestic spending cuts so deep that even his budget director conceded they would be unpopular, or the health care measure that would affect more than 20 percent of the economy.
“This White House is on two tracks,” Mr. Fleischer said. “The legislative one, which has been surprisingly and pleasantly productive, and the other one full of self-induced error.”
The problem for Mr. Trump, he added, is that the self-destructive behavior, if it continues, threatens to overshadow everything else.
“He has a tremendous number of ingredients at his disposal to be a very successful president,” Mr. Fleischer added, “but he might not even get credit for it if he is so red-hot controversial.”



ARTICLE
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. — President Trump criticized Germany on Saturday for paying too little to both NATO and the United States for security support, a day after he held a chilly meeting at the White House with Chancellor Angela Merkel that showcased the two leaders’ disagreements.
“Despite what you have heard from the FAKE NEWS, I had a GREAT meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel,” Mr. Trump wrote in a post on Twitter as he began his weekend at Mar-a-Lago, his estate in Palm Beach, Fla.
“Nevertheless, Germany owes vast sums of money to NATO & the United States must be paid more for the powerful, and very expensive, defense it provides to Germany!” he continued.
The message was misleading because no nation actually “owes” money to NATO; its direct funding is calculated through a formula and paid by each of the 28 nations that are members.
Mr. Trump may have been referring to the fact that Germany, like most NATO countries, falls short of the alliance’s guideline that each member should allocate 2 percent of its gross domestic product to military spending, but that money is not intended to be paid to NATO or to the United States.
The president’s Twitter messages came after an awkward White House meeting at which Mr. Trump appeared to refuse Ms. Merkel’s offer to shake hands in the Oval Office. The visit highlighted the gulf between the American president, who has styled himself as a foe of globalism, and the German chancellor, a staunch defender of the liberal world order.
Mr. Trump expressed deep skepticism during his campaign about the utility of NATO, and while he has praised the organization since taking office, he has made it clear that he believes the member countries must contribute more to an alliance that guarantees a common defense for all who belong to it.
American presidents have long pressed for their NATO partners to commit more financing and other resources, but Mr. Trump and Jim Mattis, the defense secretary, have gone a step further, suggesting that the United States might reduce its contribution if other countries do not increase theirs.
At the White House on Friday, Ms. Merkel said that Germany would meet its previously stated goal of increasing its military spending to 2 percent of its G.D.P. by 2024.
Mr. Trump said on Friday that he had thanked Ms. Merkel for that commitment, but hinted that he was impatient over whether Germany and other countries would “pay what they owe.”
“Many nations owe vast sums of money from past years, and it is very unfair to the United States,” the president said.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Deep into the Senate’s 68-page questionnaire of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, the Supreme Court nominee was asked to describe how he had come to President Trump’s attention.
The first thing he wrote was, “I was contacted by Leonard Leo.”
Most Americans have probably never heard of Leonard A. Leo, who has long served as executive vice president of the Federalist Society, an organization of conservatives and libertarians who “place a premium on individual liberty, traditional values and the rule of law.” But as Mr. Trump begins the process of filling what could be the most federal court vacancies left to any president in nearly a half-century, Mr. Leo is playing a critical role in reshaping the judiciary.
He sits at the nexus of an immensely influential but largely unseen network of conservative organizations, donors and lawyers who all share a common goal: Fill the federal courts with scores of judges who are committed to the narrow interpretation of the Constitution that they believe the founders intended.
“The Supreme Court needs to be an institution that helps to undergird limited constitutional government,” said Mr. Leo, 51, whose cerebral, unassuming demeanor belies the enormous clout he has developed in Washington.
It is a worldview that has brought Mr. Leo and his allies together with a range of conservative players. In addition to major corporate backers such as Google and Chevron, the Federalist Society’s supporters include well-known industry-oriented and libertarian-minded business leaders like Charles G. and David H. Koch; the family foundation of Richard Mellon Scaife; and the  Mercer family, which gave significantly to Mr. Trump’s presidential campaign and helped start Breitbart News.
This judicial reformation is being coordinated from Washington by a relatively small team closely aligned around Mr. Leo, who is on leave from the Federalist Society while he helps the White House shepherd the Gorsuch nomination. The network includes John G. Malcolm of the Heritage Foundation and Ann Corkery, a Washington lawyer who along with her husband, Neil, oversees the Judicial Crisis Network and related dark-money groups that also support the cause.
While a free-market agenda and the desire to place judges who will be more skeptical of federal and state regulations is a driving force, several central players in the group are also motivated by intense religious beliefs.
“We can have an incredible impact,” said Carrie Severino, chief counsel of the Judicial Crisis Network. Ms. Severino counts among her clients Sisters of Mary, Mother of the Eucharist, a group of Catholic nuns who participated in a lawsuit that reached the Supreme Court alleging that Obamacare limited their religious freedom.
Judge Gorsuch, 49, is their first test case, with his confirmation hearing set to begin on Monday — but the conservative activists say more is at stake than just the Supreme Court.
“Make no mistake,” Mr. Leo said in a speech last month at the Ronald Reagan Dinner at the Conservative Political Action Conference. “How we deal with this vacancy now, the strength that we as the pro-Constitution movement demonstrate in this fight, will determine the extent to which we are able to both nominate and confirm pro-Constitution judges as we move forward.”
Mr. Trump already has 124 judgeships to fill — a backlog created by Senate Republicans who blocked the confirmation of many of President Barack Obama’s nominees. That includes 19 vacancies on the federal appeals courts.
Because of the age of many judges today, the White House expects between 70 to 90 appeals court positions to open up over the next four years. That would give Mr. Trump the opportunity to fill anywhere from one-third to half of all appellate seats — a profound impact considering that those courts are often the final word on thousands of cases that never reach the Supreme Court.
The scale and sophistication of the right’s judicial confirmation efforts would seem to portend a dark period ahead for the left, which, despite having made great strides under Mr. Obama, finds itself outmaneuvered.
“The right wing, very purposely and methodically, has built a stable of nominees that fit their ideological profile, and it’s been a national movement, well organized and strategized,” said Senator Richard Blumenthal, a Connecticut Democrat, who serves on the Judiciary Committee. “Frankly, I think the progressives of the Democratic Party have been less vigilant and vigorous than the right.”
There was little question to whom Mr. Trump would turn when he was putting together his list of possible Supreme Court nominees last year: Mr. Leo, who has spent almost his entire legal career at the Federalist Society, after graduating from Cornell Law School in 1989.
The father of seven children and fond of speaking in biblical allusions, he rose to prominence more than a decade ago as the Republican Party’s co-chairman of Catholic outreach. At Justice Antonin Scalia’s funeral last year, he read from the Old Testament.
When President George W. Bush made his two nominations to the Supreme Court in 2005, picking Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. and Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr., Mr. Leo assumed the responsibility of coordinating outside campaigns to buttress their Senate confirmations. It is a role — which he has described as analogous to running a political campaign — that he has reprised with the Gorsuch confirmation.
Mr. Leo has an exalted reputation among conservatives, including Scott Pruitt, the former Oklahoma attorney general who is now head of the Environmental Protection Agency. Mr. Pruitt recalled in a speech last year at the conservative bastion Hillsdale College how he was in Washington for a Federalist Society meeting in 2013. Mr. Leo asked him to stay an extra night for dinner, without giving a hint of who might show up.
“Any time that Leonard asks you to go to dinner, you stay, because he feeds you well,” Mr. Pruitt said. But it was not only the menu that was impressive. Mr. Pruitt arrived to see Justices Scalia and Clarence Thomas at the table.
“We spent three hours talking about the Constitution and things that we were involved in as attorneys general,” Mr. Pruitt recalled. “It was a fabulous time.”
Mr. Leo has been at the center of Mr. Trump’s judicial selection process since last spring, when Donald F. McGahn II, Mr. Trump’s campaign lawyer and now the White House counsel, introduced them. It helped enormously that Mr. Leo came to the campaign at a critical time of need.
Mr. Trump’s relationship with the conservative moment was tenuous at best. Last March, a prominent group of Catholic leaders in the United States, including several with close ties to Mr. Leo, published an open letter in National Review, a conservative magazine, declaring Mr. Trump “manifestly unfit to be president of the United States.” It was the type of rejection that was becoming all too worrisome for Mr. Trump. At the same time, a faction of delegates threatened to block his nomination.
So in May, in an unprecedented move for a presidential candidate, Mr. Trump shrewdly released the first of two lists of people he was considering to fill the Supreme Court vacancy left by the death of Justice Scalia, at first with help from Mr. Malcolm of the Heritage Foundation. Judge Gorsuch’s name was added in a second version of this list, with Mr. Trump thanking the Federalist Society and Heritage for their help.
Polls showed this published list of 21 names was a significant factor in the election. Of the one-fifth of voters who said the Supreme Court was the most important issue in their decision, 57 percent voted for Mr. Trump.
Mr. Trump gave broad discretion to Mr. Leo and his colleagues. Mr. Trump’s most important criterion, these lawyers said, was that he wanted judges who were “not weak” and of “high quality.”
Their approach in coming up with candidates was similar to President Ronald Reagan’s. “They had this very sophisticated, detailed frame of reference from which they could begin to say, ‘O.K., well, who understands these things like we do?’” Mr. Leo said in an interview, referring to the Reagan era. “As opposed to an administration that might sit around and say, ‘Who’s a really smart lawyer who’s been really accomplished?’ Or, ‘Hey, what about my frat buddy from 1964?’”
And as Reagan did by nominating Justices Scalia and Anthony M. Kennedy, Mr. Leo and his conservative colleagues have looked for judges who can serve as long as possible. “Young is good,” Mr. Leo said. “There will be an opportunity for a transformation of the federal bench.”
Even before Mr. Trump walked into the East Room of the White House on Jan. 31 to name Judge Gorsuch as his first Supreme Court nominee, the public relations campaign to confirm him had started.
“Neil Gorsuch’s talent and skill would make for a great #SupremeCourt Justice,” said a post sent out on Twitter by the Judicial Crisis Network on the afternoon before the announcement.
By that point, television and radio advertisements about Judge Gorsuch were already on their way to stations across the country. The campaign focused on five states picked for a very explicit reason: Each had a Democratic senator up for re-election next year, and all the states had voted to elect Trump.
This more public part of the push — Mr. Leo has never been particularly comfortable in the spotlight — has been handled by Ms. Severino, 40, a Harvard Law School graduate who served as a clerk to Justice Thomas and is a frequent speaker at Federalist events. Ms. Severino said the group’s efforts to secure Judge Gorsuch’s confirmation reflected the consensus of American voters, who picked Mr. Trump in part because of the Supreme Court choices he said he would make.
But an examination of the Judicial Crisis Network’s operations and financial records suggests that the group, in fact, has an incredibly narrow base. In 2015, the last year that tax records were available, the Judicial Crisis Network’s entire budget of $5.7 million appears to have come from a single donor, an organization called the Wellspring Committee, based in Manassas, Va., that describes its mission as advancing “limited government and free markets.” Judicial Crisis and a sister organization, the Judicial Education Project, reported in tax returns that they had a total of only two employees and no volunteers, and instead largely relied on outside consultants, like CRC Public Relations, a Virginia firm that also lists the Federalist Society and other conservative groups as clients.
Ms. Severino, asked whether her group was simply a shell to secretly move money on behalf of others, said the Judicial Crisis Network should not be judged based on the size of its staff.
“We are not trying to be a large membership organization,” Ms. Severino said in a written statement, sent by CRC, which asked that the remarks be attributed to her. “There are others who excel at that type of work, and we are happy to support them as allies.”
It is clear that there are close personal ties among the leaders of the push to confirm Judge Gorsuch. Ann and Neil Corkery help run a network of nonprofit organizations like Catholic Voices USA, an organization that promotes the church’s views. They also help Mr. Leo in managing the National Catholic Prayer Breakfast, tax records show.
There are even overlaps with the funding. Mr. Corkery is listed as treasurer of the Judicial Crisis Network. A separate Internal Revenue Service filing shows that Ms. Corkery is president of the Wellspring Committee. Tax records from the past two years also show that Mr. and Ms. Corkery were paid nearly $600,000 to help run 15 nonprofit groups, including the Judicial Crisis Network. They declined requests to discuss their overlapping roles in these organizations.
The impact of this intertwined network can also be seen in a number of state-level efforts to appoint more originalist judges.
Last year, the Judicial Crisis Network and a second organization it donated money to bought political advertisements in two Supreme Court races in Arkansas, which are decided directly by voters. The advertising by the groups, which spent far more than the candidates themselves, attracted widespread attention to what has normally been a low-profile race.
The intervention was considered disturbing enough that the Republican-controlled state legislature held a special hearing last year where those targeted by the groups testified.
“I suppose some with misplaced or contorted egos might be flattered these shadowy groups would spend over a half-million dollars directed to keep one off the court,“ said Clark W. Mason, a Little Rock, Ark., lawyer who was one of the candidates for the Supreme Court. “But I am outraged. They are attempting to shift the scale of justice.”
The legislature this year failed to pass a law that would require a group like Judicial Crisis to disclose the source of its funding if it wants to play a similar role in future elections in the state.
Judicial Crisis has also donated more than $2 million to the Republican Attorneys General Association — making it the single largest contributor in the 2016 election cycle, as it sought to elect top state law enforcement officers who could bring conservative-inspired cases to state or federal courts with judges the group also helped put into place.
Mark Holden, general counsel of Koch Industries, a donor to the Federalist Society, said in an interview that the efforts of these conservative legal activists were necessary to overcome a bias favoring judges who put their agendas before the law.
“It’s very important that we have the right people in place, people who will follow our laws, judges who will follow our laws as they have been written and not as they wish they were written,” Mr. Holden said.
One point all the parties agree on: Mr. Trump must not repeat the mistake that Mr. Bush made in moving slowly to fill the many vacancies in the federal court system.
Mr. Leo is ready to play his part.
“Those nominations to the lower federal courts are a high priority to the president and for senior administration staff,” Mr. Leo said in an interview last month that was broadcast on C-Span. He said the number of vacancies was historic. “It is something that is very much on the president’s mind.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The Trump administration late Friday night took the first steps toward fulfilling a campaign promise, requesting proposals to build a “physically imposing” wall on the border with Mexico.
The request follows the release on Thursday of President Trump’s first budget proposal, which includes money to pay for planning and construction of the wall. The budget calls for $2.6 billion to be spent on “tactical infrastructure” and other security technology at the border, including money to plan, design and begin building the wall.
The request for proposals adds further details about the Department of Homeland Security’s plans for the wall, including the kind of construction materials to be used, its height and even plans to make it aesthetically pleasing.
The structure would also have anti-climbing features and would be designed to prevent tunneling underneath it.
The newly released request for proposals calls for two types of border wall prototypes. One proposal is for a wall that would be composed of reinforced concrete and “be physically imposing in height.”
The proposal said the wall should be about 30 feet high, but added that it could be lower in some instances.
“Offerers should consider this height, but designs with heights of at least 18 feet may be acceptable,” the proposal documents said. “Designs with heights of less than 18 feet are not acceptable.”
The request from Customs and Border Protection also said that vendors should submit wall designs that make it essentially impossible for a person to climb or gain access with a ladder.
“The wall design shall include anti-climb topping features that prevent scaling using common and more sophisticated climbing aids (e.g. grappling hooks, handholds, etc.),” the agency said in the proposal request.
To address concerns that drug cartels or others may dig tunnels under the wall, the proposals ask for designs that “prevent digging or tunneling below it for a minimum of six feet below the lowest adjacent grade.”
Despite the desire to make the wall imposing, Homeland Security officials also want to ensure that the structure is not too hard on the eyes, at least from the American side.
“The north side of wall (i.e. U.S. facing side) shall be aesthetically pleasing in color, anti-climb texture, etc., to be consistent with general surrounding environment,” the proposal said.
The border wall is part of Mr. Trump’s larger plans to crack down on illegal entry into the country.
His proposed budget allocates $314 million to hire and train 500 new Border Patrol agents and 1,000 Immigration and Customs Enforcement personnel next year.
The administration ultimately wants 5,000 new Border Patrol agents and 10,000 I.C.E. special agents.
An additional $1.5 billion in the budget proposal would pay to build new detention centers for undocumented immigrants and to fund their removal from the country.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The Pentagon released an aerial photo on Friday of a pulverized building in Syria in an unusual defense of an American airstrike that officials said killed dozens of Al Qaeda operatives at a meeting place — and not civilians at a mosque, as activists and local residents maintain.
Far from settling the debate, however, the photo prompted fresh challenges from local activists who argued that the building was part of a religious complex. Some of them distributed their own photos of the devastation, fueling the dueling narratives.
The Pentagon has not said which Qaeda leaders it believes were killed in the strike but suggested it might make that information public once it receives confirmation. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said that 49 people had been killed in what the group described as a “massacre” of civilians who were undergoing religious instruction.
Capt. Jeff Davis, a Pentagon spokesman, said officials had watched the building “for some time” before unleashing a barrage of missiles and bombs after evening prayers on Thursday. He said dozens of militants had been killed in the strike on the building in the Syrian village of Al Jinah, in Aleppo Province.
“At this particular time, its purpose was to host this meeting of very senior people in Al Qaeda,” Captain Davis said. Officials emphasized that widely recognized military guidelines allow sites to be targeted for attacks based on what they are being used for at a given moment — and not on their general purpose or even typical use.
Mohamed Ibrahim, who lives in a town a few miles away, described the building as an assembly hall and dining area for worshipers to gather for religious lessons. Photos taken at the site on Friday by Syrian activists showed a black sign outside a still-standing adjoining structure that identified it as part of the Omar ibn al-Khatab mosque.
“Reconstructing God’s mosques for those who believe in God and the last day,” said the sign, according to photographs of the building rubble that were provided by activists.
The black-and-white photo that the Pentagon distributed shows a blackened crater where a building once stood in the village. An adjoining structure appears to be largely intact, as do about a dozen vehicles on the street. A small mosque across the street appears to be unscathed.
American military officials said the picture was taken within five minutes after the attack was carried out, around 7 p.m. local time, by drones armed with Hellfire missiles and at least one warplane equipped with satellite-guided bombs.
Members of Al Qaeda and other militants have long understood that the United States’ rules of engagement discourage attacks on mosques, schools and hospitals without extensive scrutiny by top-level officials. As a result, militants have often operated in these locations, assuming that doing so will afford them a measure of protection.
But large mosques can consist of multiple buildings, sometimes only several yards apart, and are used for wedding parties, ablutions or as residences for local clerics.
Pentagon spokesmen did not say whether the building that was targeted had been affiliated with the nearby mosque. Eric J. Pahon, a Defense Department spokesman, described the structure as a “partially constructed community meeting hall” that Qaeda leaders had used to indoctrinate their fighters.
Mr. Pahon said that evening prayers at the mosque had concluded by the time the strike was carried out. The Pentagon said that it had no information to confirm there were civilian casualties but would investigate any credible allegations that noncombatants had been killed or injured.
“We take all allegations of civilian casualties seriously,” Mr. Pahon said. “This strike was conducted after we learned that senior A.Q. leaders were in the area and were attending this meeting.”
Local activists told a sharply different story after visiting the site of the attack and talking to residents, some of whom said the building was used for prayers and readings of the Quran.
“They all repeated the same story: That they gather there to pray and there was no military presence or military activities,” said Mohamed al-Shaghel of the Aleppo Media Center, who visited the site on Thursday, after the strike, and again on Friday.
Syrian rescue workers wearing white helmets were observed digging people out of the rubble.
Western Aleppo Province and Idlib Province are increasingly packed with people displaced from areas across Syria that the government has taken over in a civil war that has dragged on for six years. Syrian and Russian forces have been accused of indiscriminately targeting schools and hospitals, and the American strike has been portrayed by some residents as another instance in which civilians have been harmed.
While the American-led coalition has been preparing for an assault on Raqqa, the de facto capital of the Islamic State, it has been waging a parallel series of airstrikes against Al Qaeda, virtually all of which have occurred in Idlib Province.



ARTICLE
Nearly a decade after C.I.A. interrogators tortured a Saudi man suspected of involvement in Al Qaeda’s bombing of the American destroyer Cole in 2000, the prisoner continued to experience lingering psychological consequences, including “nightmares that invoked being chained, naked and waterboarded,” newly declassified documents show.
The detainee, Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri, is facing the death penalty over charges before a military commission at Guantánamo Bay that he helped plot the Cole attack, which killed 17 sailors, as well as an attack on a French-flagged oil tanker in 2002 that killed a Bulgarian man. The newly declassified documents are part of a petition in a related case his lawyers are filing with the Supreme Court.
The new details add to the growing public understanding of what American officials, desperate to get information out of Mr. Nashiri that they hoped would stop terrorist attacks, did to the prisoner. They also show how that treatment created long-term consequences. When Bush administration lawyers authorized the so-called enhanced interrogation techniques in 2002, one of their premises was that the program they enabled would inflict no lasting damage to the prisoners.
It has long been known that the C.I.A. subjected Mr. Nashiri to some of the most extreme torture of any prisoner taken into the agency’s custody after the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001. That included prolonged sleep deprivation and the suffocation technique called waterboarding, both of which the Justice Department deemed lawful. It also included a mock execution by an interrogator who racked the slide of a pistol as if preparing to fire it and then revved a power drill next to his head, which went beyond the approved program.
But even though some of what the government did to Mr. Nashiri has become public, including through the partial declassification of a 2004 C.I.A. inspector general report and the release in 2014 of the executive summary of a Senate Intelligence Committee report about the interrogation program, many details have remained classified.
Among the newly disclosed details, the court filing showed that Mr. Nashiri was locked inside a coffin-like box for days. While it was known that confinement in cramped spaces was one of the torture techniques the C.I.A. had approval to use at its black-site prisons, it was not previously known that Mr. Nashiri was among the detainees subjected to it.
The latest filing also discloses that photographs exist of the waterboard setup that the C.I.A. used with Mr. Nashiri and at least two other prisoners, although the photographs were not revealed.
And government censors left unredacted details from a classified psychological examination of Mr. Nashiri that was conducted in 2012 as part of the commission case against him. It showed that his mental breakdown in response to the torture had long-term effects, including his continuing nightmares and other signs of post-traumatic stress.
“He developed a phobia of water and, when showering, kept the water pressure low,” the filing stated, citing the psychological review. “For approximately one year after being publicly transferred” from the C.I.A. black-site program “to Guantánamo in 2006, he avoided leaving his cell altogether.”
Lawyers for Mr. Nashiri have been pursuing a lawsuit in the federal court system asking judges to block the government from prosecuting him before a military commission, rather than in civilian court. The argument centers on the idea that the bombings of the Cole and the French oil tanker did not take place in a wartime context, and so it is improper to use a military war-crime court to address them.
In August, a three-judge panel on the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit rejected Mr. Nashiri’s lawsuit by a 2-to-1 vote, with the majority ruling that the pending commission proceedings had to run their course first and then Mr. Nashiri could raise the issue on appeal, assuming he is convicted. His lawyers are appealing to the Supreme Court, again seeking an order to shut down the commission trial.
Their petition and an attached appendix include a significant amount of information about what happened to Mr. Nashiri, drawn from classified summaries turned over to his defense team in the commission case. Large amounts of that material remained redacted.
The uncovered portions showed that Mr. Nashiri’s defense team also drew heavily from a recently published book, “Enhanced Interrogation: Inside the Minds and Motives of the Islamic Terrorists Trying to Destroy America,” by James E. Mitchell, one of two psychologists whom the C.I.A. hired to design its interrogation program.
Mr. Mitchell’s book defended the program as he and the other psychologist, Bruce Jessen, had designed it, but portrayed C.I.A. officials as sometimes deviating from it — and from limits set by the Justice Department — to inflict more extreme physical abuse on detainees that the psychologists did not condone.
Some of those details, which have not been included in declassified government documents to date, were also included in the Supreme Court petition.
For example, Mr. Mitchell described watching C.I.A. officials make Mr. Nashiri kneel, put a broomstick behind his knees and force his body backward until “he began to scream” — because, the petition said, the technique was pulling his knee joints apart.
Another passage from the book highlighted in the petition described the use of a stiff-bristled brush to scrub Mr. Nashiri’s anus and scrotum “and then his mouth.”
Separately, the military judge overseeing the commission case against Mr. Nashiri has apparently issued an order authorizing the defense team to call Mr. Jessen and Mr. Mitchell as witnesses. The defense strategy in that case is to argue that the government should not be permitted to execute Mr. Nashiri because it tortured him.
In yet another case, other former C.I.A. detainees are suing Mr. Mitchell and Mr. Jessen. Earlier this month, the Trump administration asked a judge to block the two psychologists’ request for testimony from several top C.I.A. officials, including Gina Haspel, the deputy director, arguing that asking her questions about the topic would endanger state secrets.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — A California man who climbed over the White House fence last week managed to roam undetected on the grounds for about 17 minutes, as Secret Service agents appeared to ignore several alarms, officials said Friday.
The new details indicated that the episode was more serious than the Secret Service had originally stated. A Republican lawmaker said it also suggested the Secret Service’s security measures remain inadequate two and a half years after a series of lapses tarred the agency and led to major upheaval.
In a separate episode, officials also reported Friday that a Secret Service laptop was stolen from an agency vehicle in Brooklyn. But the Secret Service said in a statement about the theft that agency laptops are fully encrypted and “are not permitted to contain classified information.”
The fence-jumping episode took place on the night of March 10, and President Trump was inside the White House residence at the time.
Jonathan Tuan-Anh Tran, 26, of Milpitas, Calif., breached the outer perimeter of the White House by the Treasury Department building while carrying a backpack holding two cans of pepper spray, a book by Mr. Trump, a letter to the president and other items, the authorities said.
After an officer ultimately detained him, Mr. Tran — who appears to have a history of mental illness — said, “I am a friend of the president. I have an appointment,” according to a court filing.
“Secret Service did a fantastic job last night,” Mr. Trump said the next day.
Representative Jason Chaffetz, Republican of Utah and the chairman of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, wrote in a letter on Friday to the Secret Service that the committee received “additional information” about the episode, including indications that Mr. Tran “may have moved around on the White House grounds undetected for a considerable amount of time.”
The Secret Service said in a statement late Friday that Mr. Tran, after climbing several gates as high as eight feet, was inside the grounds for about 17 minutes before he was apprehended at 11:38 p.m. The agency said it is conducting an investigation.
CNN first reported on the new details in the case.
Mr. Chaffetz also said that the committee had received information indicating that the Secret Service “ignored” alarms that Mr. Tran tripped and that he may have attempted to get into the White House itself.
“If true, these allegations raise questions about whether the agency’s security protocols are adequate,” Mr. Chaffetz said, stressing “longstanding concerns” about security episodes at facilities protected by the Secret Service.
Last week’s fence-jumping recalled an embarrassing episode for the Secret Service in September 2014, when an intruder with a knife, Omar J. Gonzalez, managed to run through the ceremonial East Room of the White House before he was apprehended.
The Secret Service was criticized for playing down the severity of the episode until a fuller account emerged in an investigation by a House subcommittee led by Mr. Chaffetz.
That episode, along with a series of other safety lapses revealed at the time, led to intense congressional criticism, a shake-up of the Secret Service’s top management and the addition of spikes atop the White House fencing to deter climbers. Plans were recently approved for a taller, stronger fence.
A 2015 report by the House Oversight Committee called the Secret Service “an agency in crisis” and found that over a 10-year period, there had been 143 security breaches and attempted security breaches at secured facilities.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Facing criticism over proposed spending cuts in arts, education and antipoverty efforts, President Trump’s budget director repeatedly argued Thursday that at-risk programs neither help nor work.
“I can’t go to the autoworker in Ohio and say please give me some of your money so that I can do this program over here someplace else that really isn’t helping anybody,” Mick Mulvaney said on MSNBC.
Later that day, Mr. Mulvaney reiterated this point in a news briefing, adding that effectively spending the tax dollars of “the coal miner in West Virginia” or “the single mom in Detroit” is “as compassionate as you can get.”
Here’s an assessment of his claims.
False. Meals on Wheels helps 2.4 million people each year, including 500,000 veterans and 226,000 older citizens in the three states Mr. Mulvaney specified. And a body of research shows that it does work.
Evaluation of the home-meal delivery program found that participating helped reduce feelings of loneliness and the risk of falls while improving nutrition and food security, and even decreasing government spending.
“If you can provide these lower-cost programs and keep seniors out of nursing homes, that in essence will save money,” said Kali S. Thomas, a professor of health services at Brown University.
Dr. Thomas’s research showed that Medicaid spending could be reduced by $109 million if all states were to increase the population of people who received home-delivered meals by 1 percent.
The federal government provided a fraction of that in the 2016 fiscal year, nearly $4 million, or about 35 percent of total funding to the national Meals on Wheels program through the Older Americans Act. It’s unclear whether that particular source of funding is at risk, as the White House has not specified whether it will be part of the Department of Health and Human Services’ overall 17.9 percent reduction.
The White House does propose to eliminate the Community Service and Community Development Block Grants, two programs that provide assistance to antipoverty efforts. These are characterized by the budget as having little effect, but are used by many state and local Meals on Wheels programs to cover gaps in funding, said Jenny Bertolette, the vice president of communications at Meals on Wheels.
For example, the Meals on Wheels program in Berkeley County, W.Va. served more than 23,300 meals in 2016 for less than $4 a meal. While the Community Development Block Grant doesn’t represent a huge chunk of the organization’s annual funding, losing its $5,000 grant (equivalent to more than 1,000 meals) would matter for a nonprofit that has consistently operated at a net loss.
This is exaggerated. Mr. Mulvaney stands on firmer ground with his criticism of Meals on Wheels’ funding source, but he goes too far in his unequivocal statement that the program doesn’t produce “any results.”
The 42-year-old program, administered by the Department of Housing and Urban Development, largely falls under the control of local grantees. This means spending can be tailored to the specific needs of a low-income area, said William Rohe, a professor of city and regional planning at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
Much has been written about wasteful spending in the program — take, for example, a martini bar and a Brazilian steakhouse in St. Joseph, Mo. On the other hand, the Community Development Block Grant also has helped tens of thousands of Americans find jobs, rehabilitate more than one million homes and finance projects like the Colorado Center for the Blind and the revitalization of downtown Allentown, Pa.
Some studies question whether the money is actually helping poor communities, but others demonstrate significant neighborhood improvements and increases in real estate values.
Mr. Mulvaney’s statement is “simply not accurate,” Dr. Rohe said. “Rather than doing away with this important program, it should be revised to require local governments to better target the funds geographically.”
This is misleading. While Mr. Mulvaney specified after-school meal programs, it’s unclear what he is referring to because the government program that does fund after-school nutrition is not specifically at risk (nor does it purport to “help kids do better at school”).
The budget does propose to cut 21st Century Community Learning Centers, which fund after-school programs for about 1.6 million children in high-poverty areas. While the vast majority provide snacks and meals, feeding children is not their core mission.
“It’s something they do, but let’s not miss their primary purpose,” said Heather Weiss of the Global Family Research Program, who has evaluated after-social programs for decades. “They were set up to provide safe environments for kids with learning opportunities of all sorts.”
Looking at the primary purpose, Mr. Mulvaney is wrong that there is no evidence of outcomes. While early research found no evidence of educational outcomes, Dr. Weiss and others have disputed their methodology and say they were conducted before the programs were up and running.
More recent valuations show these programs do improve student performance. According to the community learning centers’ latest publicly available performance report, from 2011, the program hasn’t always met its annual performance targets, but participants did improve math and English grades by 30 to 40 percent every year across all grade levels.
Perhaps one of the most famous examples of the effectiveness of after-school programs is partly funded by 21st Century Community Learning Centers. Becoming a Man, an after-school program for Chicago Public Schools students, reduces violent-crime arrests by 50 percent and improves graduation rates by 19 percent.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump’s budget was billed as a blueprint for acting on campaign pledges, but neglected in his cascade of spending cuts to federal agencies and largess for the military and border protection was one of his biggest promises: investing in infrastructure.
On the campaign trail, Mr. Trump lamented that America’s airports were “third world.” He said he would rebuild the country’s crumbling roads. He vowed to fix wobbly bridges that he claimed were in danger of falling down.
But there was no sign in the budget released by the White House this week of the trillion-dollar infrastructure plan that Mr. Trump touted last summer. Instead, he proposed slicing the Department of Transportation’s budget by 13 percent, or $2.4 billion. The cuts would put the Federal Aviation Administration under the thumb of the private sector, reduce funding for Amtrak and wipe out resources for new transit projects.
Since Congress ultimately controls the federal government’s purse strings, much of what Mr. Trump proposed in his budget is unlikely to become reality. But for those who had high hopes that having a property developer as president would lead to a building boom, the disappointment in his priorities was palpable.
“It’s hard not to wonder how those cuts jibe with the president’s often repeated pledge to invest in infrastructure,” said Brian Turmail, a spokesman for the Associated General Contractors of America. “We had a sense that this was coming, but it doesn’t mean that we like it.”
Richard White, president of the American Public Transportation Association, said Mr. Trump’s budget proposal looks more like a wish list from the conservative Heritage Foundation than the populist platform he ran upon. “We were certainly disappointed,” Mr. White said. “It seems to me, and to many other people, pretty inconsistent with all of the stated intents to invest in the nation’s infrastructure.”
The initial budget summary proposes terminating funding for Amtrak’s long-haul services, though the profitable Northeast Corridor trains would remain. Also cut is the Essential Air Services, which provides grants to mostly rural airports that wouldn’t be able to financially sustain themselves on their own. Both programs largely serve rural communities and states without major transit hubs.
Amtrak released a statement saying that eliminating funding for long-distance service would impact “many of the 500 communities we serve.” Zeroing out funding for long-haul Amtrak routes could impact the profitability of the successful segments of the national rail network by cutting off feeder lines to the Northeast Corridor.
The budget also calls for a limit to federal funding for New Starts, a federal infrastructure grant program that is anticipated as a major source of funding for the proposed Gateway tunnel that would relieve the aging and decrepit 100-year old Hudson River rail tunnels in New York.
Frustration about the cuts fostered bipartisan agreement, with backlash on Thursday from both Democratic senators in New Jersey, and from a Republican ally of Mr. Trump. A spokesman for Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey, who was one of Mr. Trump’s closest advisers during the campaign, said Mr. Christie was ready to take on the president over the funding.
“New Jersey and New York are committed to funding their fair share,” Brian Murray, Mr. Christie’s press secretary, said of the Gateway project. “He will do all he can to fight any federal funding cut to this project of regional and national importance.”
As a candidate Mr. Trump also made repeated proclamations that he would rebuild the country’s “inner cities,” putting forth a “New Deal for Black America” in the final days of his campaign that specifically called for new infrastructure investment.
But his budget proposal also eliminates the TIGER discretionary grant program, which was designed for smaller infrastructure and transit projects in cash-poor cities. The Detroit transit system, for example, was awarded $37 million in TIGER grants to help repair buses and street cars. The city of Flint was awarded $20 million last year to help rebuild its roads while also replacing its contaminated water lines.
So what became of Mr. Trump’s big promises? Although the Trump administration does want to pay for infrastructure if it is a wall along the southern border, a broader plan is not expected until later in the year. “It won’t probably come until summer or maybe even early fall,” Mick Mulvaney, the White House budget director, said on Thursday.
Last August Mr. Trump said that he would double what Hillary Clinton planned to invest in infrastructure. At the time, he proposed something akin to a federal infrastructure bank, saying, “We’ll get a fund, make a phenomenal deal with low interest rates and rebuild our infrastructure.”
Infrastructure was one potential issue where Mr. Trump could have cut a deal with Democrats, who have long seen big government projects as a method of creating jobs for their voters. However, the Trump administration has made that a third priority, behind health and tax legislation.
Democrats are latching on to the transportation cuts to accuse Mr. Trump of selling out his voters. “Trump ran on rebuilding America’s crumbling infrastructure and creating jobs in the process,” said Jessica Mackler, president of American Bridge, a Democratic super PAC. “Yet another broken promise.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump and conservative lawmakers in the House agreed Friday to significant changes to Medicaid that could impose work requirements on able-bodied Medicaid beneficiaries in some states and limit federal funds for the program, as Republican leaders tried to rally balking lawmakers behind legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act.
“I want everyone to know, I’m 100 percent behind this,” Mr. Trump said at the White House, where he met with House members in the conservative Republican Study Committee. At a news conference hours later, the president predicted, “It’s going to be passed, I believe — I think substantially and pretty quickly.”
On Capitol Hill, the outlook was far less clear. The House is tentatively scheduled to vote Thursday to repeal President Barack Obama’s signature domestic achievement, exactly seven years after Mr. Obama signed it into law. As some lawmakers came out for the measure, some others — in the House and Senate — were stepping forward to oppose it.
“Fundamentally, I don’t believe this proposal provides an adequate market-based option for insurance access, nor does it address out-of-control costs,” Representative John Katko, Republican of New York, said in a statement on Friday. “Further, I am confident the proposal would harm hospitals across my district.”
The concessions to conservatives are significant — and politically risky. The Obama administration refused to allow work requirements, saying they were not consistent with the goals of Medicaid, the health program for low-income people. Several Republican governors have expressed interest in imposing such requirements on certain Medicaid beneficiaries — able-bodied adults without minor children.
“The Medicaid expansion has created a perverse incentive for states to provide benefits to able-bodied adults at the expense of the elderly, the blind and the disabled,” Representative Gary Palmer, Republican of Alabama, said this week. “A work requirement would help states focus their limited resources on the truly needy.”
The president and House conservatives also agreed to allow states to choose one lump-sum block grant to fund their Medicaid programs. The initial House bill would end Medicaid as an open-ended entitlement to health care, replacing that with an allotment to the states for each Medicaid beneficiary.
If, instead, states accepted lump-sum payments, they could gain more control over spending and more freedom to administer the program and define eligibility and benefits.
Critics say that would restrict access to Medicaid in states with conservative governments.
It is not clear how the federal government would calculate the amount of block grants. Nor is it clear which states, if any, might accept that option.
The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office has already estimated that, under the House bill, the number of people without health insurance would be 14 million higher than expected next year and would be 24 million higher by 2026. The Medicaid adjustments could nudge that number even higher, a problem for many senators.
The one Republican senator up for re-election next year in a true swing state, Dean Heller of Nevada, said on Friday that he opposed the bill in its current form. Another Republican senator, Joni Ernst of Iowa, was noncommittal.
Another likely change, Republicans said, would be to restructure the tax credits offered under the bill to help people buy private health insurance. Republican lawmakers had expressed concern that the tax credits, as originally devised by House leaders, were insufficient and could produce huge increases in premiums for some people age 50 to 64.
The changes in Medicaid provisions of the bill could help win over conservative House members who have expressed concern or outright opposition to the bill for multiple reasons. Mr. Palmer voted against the House bill in the Budget Committee on Thursday. On Friday, he emerged from the White House in favor of it.
“We’ve never had an opportunity to do anything like this,” Mr. Palmer said later. “This will be the most significant entitlement reform that we’ve seen.”
Representative Mark Walker of North Carolina, the chairman of the Republican Study Committee, said other members were on board as well. “On balance and with the changes we agreed to in the bill’s final text, I can vote for it,” he said after the meeting in the Oval Office.
Mr. Trump’s level of engagement has been a major question mark as congressional leaders have tried to sell the proposal in the face of stinging opposition from a number of directions. His show of support for the House plan on Friday provided a lift for House leaders, who have been on the defensive all week over their bill and the persistent conservative opposition to it.
Conservative holdouts who still have objections to the bill may reconsider if they come under more pressure from the president.
“These changes definitely strengthen our number, but also show that President Trump’s all-in now,” said the House majority whip, Representative Steve Scalise of Louisiana, who was at the White House meeting and recounted how Mr. Trump voiced his support for the measure.
Representative Bradley Byrne, Republican of Alabama, said the changes in the bill were having the intended effect. “I can tell you, from the private conversations I’m having with people, support for the bill has built dramatically over the last 24 hours,” he said Friday.
But the changes were not enough to sway the hard-right House Freedom Caucus, which reiterated its opposition on Friday. Changing the bill to win over such conservatives risks alienating more moderate members of the House and the Senate who worry that the measure could cause millions of people to lose health coverage.
The Republican governors of four states that have expanded Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act — Arkansas, Michigan, Nevada and Ohio — sent a letter to congressional leaders this week rejecting the House bill as written.
Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine, said on Thursday that she opposed the House bill, explaining that it would not do enough to help low-income older people afford insurance. “We don’t want to in any way sacrifice coverage for people who need it the most,” she told The Portland Press Herald.
House Republican moderates may be loath to take a difficult political vote if they are convinced the measure will die in the Senate.
“If I hear one more senator tell me that this is dead on arrival, I think my head’s going to explode,” said Representative Charlie Dent, a moderate Republican from Pennsylvania. “That certainly is not something many members of the House find very appetizing — voting for something that will go nowhere in the Senate.”
The House Democratic whip, Representative Steny H. Hoyer of Maryland, predicted that while the bill might be approved by the House, “It will not become law.”
Under the Affordable Care Act, 31 states have expanded Medicaid, providing coverage to millions of adults. The federal government has been paying more than 90 percent of the costs for the newly eligible beneficiaries. Republicans say this has taken the program away from its original purpose.
Democrats contend that work requirements could increase the number of uninsured, limiting access to health care without significantly increasing employment.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump, once the master pitchman for namesake vodka, steaks and now-moldering casinos, seems disinclined to attach his surname to the health care bill some allies have derided as “Ryancare.”
He assured Americans on Thursday of the “improvements being made” to legislation that Speaker Paul D. Ryan initially suggested would scarcely change, amid grumblings that the White House is fuming over the plan’s star-crossed rollout.
And Mr. Ryan, Mr. Trump’s long-wary partner in the endeavor after a year of campaign criticisms and mistrust, is insisting that all is going according to plan. “I would say that there is no intrigue, palace intrigue, divisions between the principals,” Mr. Ryan told reporters on Thursday, allowing that perhaps some “low-level staffers” felt differently.
“We have a president,” he added, brandishing a fluency in the language of Trump, “who likes closing deals.”
For months, the halting union of Mr. Trump and Mr. Ryan has weathered a stark divide in political ideology and style — a mutual acknowledgment, at least so far, that each man was critical to the other’s outsize governing ambitions.
But with the health care bill staggering through the House, its fate uncertain, their alliance is facing an essential test, as White House officials and congressional leaders stare down the prospect of failing at their first major legislative heave.
In less than two months, the party divisions that Mr. Trump exploited in his thundering campaign have resurfaced in the health care fight, even as Republicans control the White House and Congress.
Already, some allies of Mr. Trump are moving to distance him from the potential fallout, privately suggesting that the speaker was never to be trusted in the first place.
Administration officials have expressed frustration that there was not a better explanation of the three-phase approach described by the House Republican leadership after the bill was unveiled, lamenting the resulting confusion.
In recent days, Mr. Ryan has blitzed the news media, including several Trump-leaning outlets often hostile to the speaker, to make the case for the bill more forcefully than the president has seemed interested in doing himself.
But Mr. Ryan has made clear that he alone does not bear the weight of the present challenge.
“It’s not my bill,” he told CNN, noting that the White House had helped Congress draft it. “It’s our bill.” As if for emphasis, he also noted that he talks to the president almost every day.
For the president and the speaker, passage of the bill is about more than the health care debate; it is a matter of demonstrating that major legislation — with the weight of the White House behind it — can sweep through a Republican Congress.
On Capitol Hill, Republicans are already confronting concerns that a stumble on the first major agenda item would imperil future efforts on tax reform and a border wall.
“The legislative window closes a lot sooner than people imagine,” said Peter Wehner, a former director of the White House Office of Strategic Initiatives under President George W. Bush, who has known Mr. Ryan for two decades. “It’s open the first year, and you better get things done. If you win, that builds on itself. And if you lose, that builds on itself.”
In an effort to appease conservatives, the White House is warming to a shortening of the Medicaid phaseout period in the current bill, among other changes, aiming to move the bill through the House and daring moderate Senate Republicans to stand in its way. Soon, Mr. Trump could take to the road himself to pressure potentially reluctant members in their states, according to a person briefed on the discussions.
On Wednesday, Vice President Mike Pence sought to galvanize House Republicans at a closed-door session in the basement of the Capitol, where members dined on Chick-fil-A and sought reassurances. Mr. Pence insisted that Mr. Trump was “spoiling for a fight” to see the process through to completion, according to an attendee.
But while the White House has said publicly that collaboration has been smooth, the bill’s struggles have not gone unnoticed in Mr. Trump’s orbit.
On Monday, a curiously timed report appeared on the pro-Trump website Breitbart, often a repository of tea leaves for members of Mr. Trump’s circle. (It was once run by Mr. Trump’s chief strategist, Stephen K. Bannon, a vocal Ryan critic in his old job.)
Hours after the release of a damaging analysis on the health bill from the Congressional Budget Office, the site published leaked audio of Mr. Ryan telling House members last October that he could no longer defend Mr. Trump’s campaign.
The content of the tape was not news; Mr. Ryan’s view at the time was clear, just after the release of the “Access Hollywood” video in which Mr. Trump boasted of sexually assaulting women. But to admirers of Mr. Ryan, the message of the leak was unsubtle.
“An audience of one,” Charlie Sykes, the longtime Wisconsin radio host and friend of Mr. Ryan’s, wrote on Twitter.
It is not yet clear if the criticisms of Mr. Ryan are resonating with Mr. Trump. The president has been in regular contact with some Republican opponents of the bill in Congress, such as Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky and Representative Mark Meadows of North Carolina, the chairman of the House Freedom Caucus.
And while Mr. Trump has suggested that he will be able to blame Democrats for installing the Affordable Care Act in the first place, some of his advisers are dubious. Mr. Trump has also told people that if this effort fails, he will try again in two years.
Christopher Ruddy, a friend of Mr. Trump’s and the chief executive of Newsmax Media, said the current plan betrays how the president has traditionally viewed government programs.
“Trump should trust his own instincts,” said Mr. Ruddy, who wrote a column suggesting that Mr. Trump seek a bipartisan consensus bill.
The administration figure perhaps the most invested in finding a legislative fix is Reince Priebus, Mr. Trump’s chief of staff, who is close with Mr. Ryan.
While in Detroit on Wednesday, Mr. Trump pointed to Mr. Priebus and said he “may one day run a car company or maybe not,” before adding that he was doing a “great job.”
At a later event in Tennessee, after failing to mention the bill earlier in the day, Mr. Trump promised to “repeal and replace horrible and disastrous Obamacare,” repeatedly plugging the current legislation.
Mr. Ryan — who during the campaign called Mr. Trump’s attacks on a judge of Mexican heritage “the textbook definition of a racist comment” — has scarcely said a cross word about him since the election. (He did allow on Thursday that he had “seen no evidence” to support Mr. Trump’s claim that President Barack Obama had wiretapped him.)
The president’s assessment of Mr. Ryan has vacillated at least as much. In 2012, Mr. Trump thought Mr. Ryan was a dangerous choice as Mitt Romney’s running mate, and he was deeply critical of the congressman’s budget proposals to trim entitlement programs.
After Mr. Ryan distanced himself in October, Mr. Trump savaged him as a “weak and ineffective leader.”
But by December, the two had reconciled. At a rally together in Wisconsin, Mr. Trump compared Mr. Ryan to “a fine wine” whose “genius” he had grown to appreciate.
Then came the hedge: “Now, if he ever goes against me, I’m not going to say that.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump’s first federal budget proposal calls for spending billions of dollars on the military and border security while imposing deep cuts to government departments that deal with the environment, diplomacy, the arts, science and cities.
White House budgets are largely political documents that set out presidential priorities, and most of the cuts that Mr. Trump is asking for are unlikely to happen.
But some of them could.
As Congress weighs Mr. Trump’s requests, industry leaders who are facing a loss of federal funding are starting to sound the alarm about the dire situations they could be facing.
The amount and extent of the cuts in the proposed budget unveiled early Thursday shocked scientists, researchers and program administrators.
The reductions include $5.8 billion, or 18 percent, from the National Institutes of Health, which fund thousands of researchers working on cancer and other diseases. They also include $900 million, or about 15 percent, from the Department of Energy’s Office of Science, which funds the national laboratories, considered among the crown jewels of basic research in the world.
“Do they not think that there are advances to be made, improvements to be made, in the human condition?” said Rush D. Holt, a physicist and chief executive of the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
Read our story here.
Mr. Trump also proposed eliminating the National Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Humanities. And he would scrap the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, a critical revenue source for PBS and National Public Radio stations, as well as the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars.
“We are greatly saddened to learn of this proposal for elimination, as N.E.H. has made significant contributions to the public good,” said William D. Adams, the chairman of the humanities endowment.
The New York Times’s coverage of the cuts is here and the reaction is here.
Thousands of jobs could be lost at the State Department because of the 31 percent funding cut that the White House has requested.
Many educational and cultural exchange programs designed to improve the image of the United States would be abolished or pared back to pay for an increase in military spending. The Global Climate Change Initiative and a number of envoys and offices created during the Obama administration are slated for elimination.
“U.S. engagement must be more efficient,” Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson said.
Our coverage is here.
As a candidate, Mr. Trump promised to put an end to urban blight. But now that he is in office, he does not appear interested in putting federal government resources behind that goal.
Mr. Trump would cut the budget of the Department of Housing and Urban Development by 13 percent. He would also eliminate programs like the Community Development Block Grant, which cities have used to fund programs such as Meals on Wheels as well as homeless shelters and neighborhood revitalization initiatives.
“These are people who are trying to better themselves,” said Karen D. Stokes, the chief executive officer of Strong City Baltimore, a nonprofit that operates an adult learning center that gets about 8 percent of its funding from the block grant.
The story is here.
Another agency among the hardest hit by the budget was the Environmental Protection Agency, which would be slashed by 31 percent.
While the E.P.A. may be known for sweeping regulations to control climate change, increase auto fuel efficiency and mandate smokestack controls, the agency’s bread and butter is more prosaic. The staff and scientists at its regional offices and laboratories nationwide regularly respond to emergency calls from city and state officials.
Funds to respond to many of those calls would no longer be available under Mr. Trump’s budget. He has proposed slicing the agency’s $8.1 billion budget to $5.7 billion, and cutting 3,200 jobs from the agency’s staff of 15,000.
The story is here.
Who is the biggest winner in Mr. Trump’s budget? The Defense Department.
Under his plan, the military would get a $54 billion windfall to fill its shopping cart with everything from Apache helicopters for the Army, antisubmarine planes for the Navy, fighter jets and more training for selected personnel. Some of the new funding would undoubtedly be used to ramp up the fight against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria.
“The president very clearly wants to send a message to our allies and our potential adversaries that this is a strong-power administration,” said Mick Mulvaney, the director of the Office of Management and Budget.
Read the story here.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — On a calendar of foreign visitors that includes President Xi Jinping of China and Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany, the annual visit by the taoiseach of Ireland to mark St. Patrick’s Day should have been a delightful distraction for President Trump.
Mr. Trump, after all, owns a golf resort on the country’s west coast. He has stocked his White House and cabinet with Irish-Americans. And as he never tires of pointing out, he has marched in more St. Patrick’s Day parades in New York City than he cares to remember.
Yet on Thursday, Mr. Trump found himself in a roomful of kelly-green-clad lawmakers in the Capitol for the Friends of Ireland luncheon, being lectured by Enda Kenny, the Irish prime minister, or taoiseach (pronounced THEE-shakh), about the virtues of America’s immigrant legacy and the contributions that immigrants had made to the country.
“There are millions out there who want to play their part for America — if you like, who want to make America great,” he said, shooting Mr. Trump a pointed gaze as he appropriated the president’s campaign slogan. “You heard that before?” he said, to nervous titters.
Mr. Kenny did not refer to Mr. Trump’s travel ban on visitors from six predominantly Muslim countries, which is now tied up in court. He stuck to the issue that has long preoccupied Irish officials: the estimated 50,000 Irish who are living in the United States illegally, and who are at risk of being deported if Mr. Trump delivers on his campaign pledge to round up undocumented immigrants.
“We would like this to be sorted,” Mr. Kenny said, calling for these people to be given a path to citizenship. “It would remove a burden of so many that they could now stand in the light and say, ‘Now I’m free to contribute to America as I know I can.’ That’s what people want.”
“All they want is the opportunity to be free,” he added, choking up momentarily.
It was a somber moment during a ritual that is normally as convivial and rancor-free as any in Washington. The last seven such visits by Mr. Kenny featured good-natured gibes about former Vice President’s Joseph R. Biden Jr.’s long-winded speeches or President Barack Obama’s habit of toasting the taoiseach with water-filled glasses.
But Mr. Trump’s hard line on immigration has posed a dilemma for Mr. Kenny, who is expected to step down within weeks after six years in office. Mr. Trump is unpopular in Ireland, which has drifted to the left of most Irish-Americans, and there were calls at home for Mr. Kenny to skip the annual visit to Washington. During the presidential campaign, he referred to Mr. Trump’s language as “racist and dangerous.”
Nigel Farage, the British populist leader who is a staunch ally of Mr. Trump, demanded in an interview on Wednesday with RTE, the Irish national broadcaster, that Mr. Kenny apologize to the president for his remarks.
In Washington, Mr. Kenny tried to modulate his criticism, saying it was not directed at Mr. Trump, but at his words. At the lunch Thursday, he straddled a line between being a polite guest and the bearer of a message.
Niall O’Dowd, founder of IrishCentral.com, a news site for Irish-Americans, said, “Feelings run very high about President Trump in Ireland.”
“Kenny has to somehow satisfy a constituency baying for blood back home and demanding he criticize Trump,” he said. “He must also observe the time-honored courtesies and flattery that come with unrestricted access to the president of the United States once a year.”
Fintan O’Toole, an influential columnist at The Irish Times, wrote that Mr. Trump’s immigration policies constituted a “moment of truth” for Ireland. A contingent of Irish-American advisers, he noted, had a strong hand in devising or enforcing the travel ban. The Irish leader, Mr. O’Toole wrote, needed to stand up for all immigrants in the United States, not just Irish ones.
Other advocates for Irish immigrants noted that while Mr. Trump’s travel ban did not affect Ireland, it could eventually be expanded to target different groups.
“When you fire a stone to hit someone from Mexico, you’re hitting someone from Mayo,” said Ciaran Staunton, the co-founder of the Irish Lobby for Immigration Reform, referring to a county in western Ireland.
Still, Mr. Staunton said he opposed efforts to vilify Mr. Trump. A better strategy, he said, would be to lobby him to allow the 20 percent of the 11 million undocumented people in the United States who could easily obtain legal residency to do so without leaving the country.
For his part, Mr. Trump tried to keep things light. But in welcoming Mr. Kenny, he cited what he said was an Irish proverb that speaks to the fickleness of human relations. (The provenance of the phrase quickly came into dispute, with some on social media pointing out its similarity to a stanza in a poem by a Nigerian poet, Albashir Adam Alhassan.)
“Always remember to forget the friends that proved untrue,” Mr. Trump said, “But never forget to remember those who have stuck by you.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — In quick succession on Wednesday night, federal judges in Hawaii and Maryland blocked President Trump’s revised travel ban. They said statements Mr. Trump had made as a presidential candidate, including his call for “a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States,” helped doom the executive order.
The judges said Mr. Trump’s promises to impose a “Muslim ban” were too telling and categorical to be ignored. “Simply because a decision maker made the statements during a campaign does not wipe them” from judicial memory, wrote Judge Theodore D. Chuang of Federal District Court in Maryland.
Outside the context of Mr. Trump’s two travel bans, few judicial rulings have addressed how much weight courts may put on statements from political candidates. Even informal remarks from sitting government officials are often ignored by courts, which can be reluctant to conduct what the Supreme Court has called “judicial psychoanalysis.”
But decisions about religious discrimination allow courts to consider government officials’ real purposes, even if their stated ones are neutral.
The Supreme Court has said judges may not turn a blind eye to the context in which government policies on religion arose. “Reasonable observers have reasonable memories,” Justice David H. Souter wrote in a leading religion case.
Justice Department lawyers had urged the judges to ignore Mr. Trump’s speeches on the campaign trail. “Candidates are not government actors, and statements of what they might attempt to achieve if elected, which are often simplified and imprecise, are not official acts,” the government said in a brief in the Maryland case. “They generally are made without the benefit of advice from an as-yet-unformed administration, and cannot bind elected officials who later conclude that a different course is warranted.”
But Judge Derrick K. Watson, of the Federal District Court in Hawaii, said he could not dismiss Mr. Trump’s blunt talk. “A review of the historical background here makes plain why the government wishes to focus on the executive order’s text, rather than its context,” Judge Watson wrote. “The record before this court is unique. It includes significant and unrebutted evidence of religious animus driving the promulgation of the executive order.”
The courts had to navigate two bodies of precedents, pointing in different directions. In cases concerning immigration and national security, most decisions suggest that courts should not look behind the stated government rationale.
Mr. Trump’s new executive order sought to address judicial objections to the earlier one, issued in January, which had caused chaos and drawn protests at airports. It was blocked last month by the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, in San Francisco.
The new order’s 90-day suspension of entry from Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen was more limited and subject to case-by-case exceptions. The new order omitted Iraq, which had been listed in the earlier order. It removed a complete ban on Syrian refugees. And it deleted explicit references to religion.
Viewed in isolation, Judge Watson wrote on Wednesday, the new order was just fine. “It is undisputed that the executive order does not facially discriminate for or against any particular religion, or for or against religion versus nonreligion,” he wrote. “There is no express reference, for instance, to any religion nor does the executive order — unlike its predecessor — contain any term or phrase that can be reasonably characterized as having a religious origin or connotation.”
The problem, the judge said, was that Mr. Trump and his surrogates had made plain what the order meant to achieve: discrimination on the basis of religion in violation of the First Amendment’s establishment clause.
Mr. Trump’s most explicit statements about banning Muslims came during the campaign. In a news release in December 2015, for instance, his campaign said, “Donald J. Trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States.” In a television interview last March, Mr. Trump said, “We’re having problems with the Muslims, and we’re having problems with Muslims coming into the country.”
After he was elected, Mr. Trump was less direct, but he did say he meant to favor Christian refugees. Rudolph W. Giuliani, an adviser to Mr. Trump, said he had helped draft the first executive order after Mr. Trump asked him, about a Muslim ban, “the right way to do it legally.”
The challengers in the Maryland case, represented by the American Civil Liberties Union, said Mr. Trump’s statements were not “a passing comment on the campaign trail or a clear example of campaign puffery.” They were, rather, the brief said, “a consistent pledge to take discriminatory action,” making the case “highly unusual, if not entirely unique.”
Courts have only rarely used statements from candidates to judge the constitutionality of government actions. In 2003, the United States Court of Appeals for the 11th Circuit, in Atlanta, took account of campaign materials from Chief Justice Roy S. Moore of the Alabama Supreme Court to judge his actions concerning a Ten Commandments monument in his courthouse.
In the context of immigration and efforts to combat terror, the Supreme Court has been reluctant to look behind official actions to root out authentic motives. In 2006, in a case concerning detainees at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba, Justice John Paul Stevens criticized a dissenting justice for relying on “press statements” from sitting Defense Department officials. “We have not heretofore, in evaluating the legality of executive action, deferred to comments made by such officials to the media,” Justice Stevens wrote. If even statements from government officials are out of bounds, it would follow that statement from political candidates should carry no weight.
In a 1972 immigration case concerning a Marxist scholar denied a visa, the Supreme Court similarly said it would not “look behind” the government’s “facially legitimate and bona fide reason.”
More recently, in a fractured 5-to-4 decision in 2015 with no majority opinion, the Supreme Court refused to second-guess the denial of a visa on national security grounds to the Afghan husband of an American woman. In a concurrence, Justice Anthony M. Kennedy said it might be proper to look behind the offered reason for the denial if there were evidence that consular officer had acted in bad faith.
On Wednesday, in a dissent in the Ninth Circuit, five judges said the 1972 decision should have been the end of the matter in a challenge to Mr. Trump’s first executive order. “Even if we have questions about the basis for the president’s ultimate findings — whether it was a ‘Muslim ban’ or something else — we do not get to peek behind the curtain,” Judge Jay S. Bybee wrote for the dissenters.
But the Supreme Court has been more willing to probe officials’ motives in cases concerning religion. In 2005, in a case concerning copies of the Ten Commandments posted in Kentucky county courthouses, the Supreme Court said it would consider the context and background of the policies that had led to their display.
Examination of officials’ actual purposes was appropriate, Justice Souter wrote for the majority, “where an understanding of official objective emerges from readily discoverable fact, without any judicial psychoanalysis of a drafter’s heart of hearts.”
“The world is not made brand new every morning,” Justice Souter wrote.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The biggest beneficiary in President Trump’s budget — the Defense Department — released a broad wish list on Thursday, signaling what it would do with its proposed $54 billion windfall, filling its shopping cart with desires including Apache helicopters for the Army, anti-submarine planes for the Navy, fighter jets and more training for selected personnel.
Few people expect that the Pentagon will emerge from what are expected to be protracted budget negotiations in Congress with all of its requests intact, given the threat of mandatory spending cuts that have acted as a brake on military spending. But now, the start of the budget process, is the time for dreams, and military officials unveiled proposals that sprinkled extra money throughout the enormous Pentagon bureaucracy.
To help the Pentagon figure out how to spend all that money, Mr. Trump announced that he intended to nominate a Boeing executive, Patrick M. Shanahan, for deputy secretary of defense. If confirmed, Mr. Shanahan would succeed Robert O. Work, a holdover from the Obama administration who stayed on at the behest of Defense Secretary Jim Mattis.
Like other cabinet agencies, the Pentagon has been struggling to find people to fill top posts. Several top candidates have withdrawn from consideration amid various problems, including having trouble severing business ties.
On Thursday, the White House also announced plans to nominate a budget chief, a deputy budget chief, a deputy to the Pentagon’s policy chief and two other top positions.
Mr. Trump’s proposed budget seeks $639 billion for the military in the next fiscal year, a boost of $52 billion over current spending. In addition, the White House wants an additional $2 billion for other national defense programs outside the Department of Defense, for a $54 billion total increase.
Mick Mulvaney, the director of the Office of Management and Budget, called the proposal a “hard-power budget.”
“The president very clearly wants to send a message to our allies and our potential adversaries that this is a strong-power administration,” he said.
The budget proposal does not detail how the Pentagon would spend the extra money. But the Defense Department gave a preview in a request for additional money for the final five months of the current fiscal year, which includes an extra $25 billion in base military spending. The details there, budget experts said, forecast what the Pentagon will seek in the next fiscal year.
The Pentagon wants an additional $5.1 billion to accelerate the fight against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, as well as to support operations in Afghanistan. It also wants to spend more money on “readiness,” a catchall phrase that basically means preparing the military for whatever the country — or president — asks of it. After budget cuts and a drain from the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq, the request said the various military services “simply are not strong enough to protect vital interests from the worldwide threats to U.S. national security and homeland.”
The Defense Department request veers away from the president’s stated warmth toward Russia and its president, Vladimir V. Putin. “Russia and China continue to rise and assert themselves, often in a destabilizing fashion or at the expense of U.S. interests,” the budget request says, explaining why the military needs more money for readiness.
Todd Harrison, a budget expert with the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said some of the Pentagon’s proposals “may be a bit shortsighted,” as there was no guarantee that increased funding would continue even if the department received the money it was seeking now.
Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona and the head of the Senate Armed Services Committee, said the budget proposal did not provide enough money to the Pentagon, noting that missions across the military have been grounded or troops are far from prepared to fight.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson was on the other side of the planet on Thursday when the Trump administration announced that it would slash his department’s budget by 31 percent, potentially eliminating thousands of jobs.
Instead of announcing the cuts in person, Mr. Tillerson sent a nine-sentence email from Japan to his staff stating that “U.S. engagement must be more efficient,” and that the budget was “a genuine opportunity to set a new course.”
The passive tone fit the message of the president’s budget: Use less “soft power,” the cajoling and persuading of allies and enemies, and replace it with the projection of “hard power” by the nation’s military.
Efforts to overhaul the State Department arrive at Foggy Bottom about as often as a 13-year cicada, an insect that emerges from the soil on the nearby Mall to great noise and annoyance but little effect. Veterans of previous overhauls have tried to reassure junior colleagues in recent days that things are never as dire as they seem when such plans are announced, partly because Congress — where some department initiatives are born or nurtured for decades — rarely consents to drastic change.
Many educational and cultural exchange programs designed to improve the United States’ image would be abolished or pared back to pay for an increase in military spending. The Global Climate Change Initiative and a number of envoys and offices created during the Obama administration are slated for elimination.
Among the nations of the world, only Israel is guaranteed under the budget to keep its level of assistance, which at $3.1 billion a year is far more than goes to any other country. The Trump budget also proposes protecting programs that buy and distribute drugs fighting H.I.V.-AIDS and malaria.
In a hearing on Thursday, Representative Harold Rogers, the powerful Kentucky Republican who leads the House Appropriations Committee, denounced the proposed cuts to “soft warfare” efforts. He said he was “absolutely shocked at the administration’s puny request for this worldwide effort to defeat” the Islamic State.
Many at the department quietly agree that it grew top-heavy in recent years, with overlapping bureaus and authorities that some hoped would be streamlined. But a 31 percent cut would take a meat ax to the department, not a scalpel, these people say.
At a news conference in Tokyo, Mr. Tillerson said the State Department would be able to save money because “as time goes by, there will be fewer military conflicts that the U.S. will be directly engaged in.” And other countries will contribute more in such things as disaster assistance, he said.
Mark Toner, a department spokesman, said in a news conference, “We’re also going to be looking for other countries to stand up and do more,” in an echo of similar calls by President Trump.
But veteran diplomats said that injecting money into the Defense Department while slashing the State Department made little sense, since the functions of the two go hand-in-hand. “We learned in both Iraq and Afghanistan that our military needs an effective civilian partner if victories on the battlefields are going to be converted into a sustainable peace,” Stephen J. Hadley, the national security adviser to President George W. Bush, said in an interview.
But James J. Carafano, a fellow at the Heritage Foundation and a member of the Trump transition team, noted that the Obama administration had increased spending on the State Department only to see America’s standing in the world decline. “People argue that spending on State is some magic elixir, but it’s not,” Mr. Carafano said. “The instruments of national security need to be measured on their own merits.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Late one Friday night in 2014, Ohio’s environmental agency received word of a frightening test result from Toledo’s water supply: A toxic greenish substance had rendered the drinking water of half a million Toledo residents unsafe to drink.
“Immediately we reached out to the Environmental Protection Agency,” said Craig Butler, the director of Ohio’s environmental agency. “Because of the scale of the problem, and the technical knowledge required, we needed their expertise.”
State officials flew water samples from Toledo to an E.P.A. laboratory in Cincinnati, where staff scientists identified the substance as microcystin, a rare but toxic substance that is produced by algae blooms in water and causes liver damage in humans.
The resources to respond to those emergencies, along with much of the other state-level work performed by the agency, would be eliminated or sharply reduced by President Trump’s proposed budget for fiscal 2018, which cuts the E.P.A. by 31 percent, more than any other agency.
While the agency may be known for sweeping regulations to curb climate change, increase auto fuel efficiency or mandate smokestack controls, the agency’s bread and butter is more prosaic. The staff and scientists at its regional offices and laboratories across the country regularly respond to emergency calls from city and state officials: a December 2016 chemical leak from an asphalt plant into the water supply of Corpus Christi, Tex.; airborne drifts last summer in southern Missouri of dicamba, an herbicide that damages non-genetically modified crops; a 2014 fire at a perfume factory in Bridgeport, Conn., that spewed dangerous chemicals into the surrounding neighborhood.
Funds to respond to many of those calls would no longer be available under Mr. Trump’s budget. He proposed lowering the agency’s $8.1 billion budget to $5.7 billion, and cutting 3,200 jobs from the its staff of 15,000.
The proposal appears to be a realization of the federalist philosophy of the agency’s new administrator, Scott Pruitt, who has ardently championed states’ rights. He has said repeatedly that he wants to pare down the agency’s overreaching federal authority and return the work of environmental regulation to states.
But former E.P.A. officials say that in the case of responding to emergencies like the one that polluted Toledo’s water supply, states often lack the expertise and resources of the federal government.
“What he fails to understand is that states do not have the technical capability to do some of this work,” said Gina McCarthy, who led the agency under the Obama administration.
Even in states like Ohio, which voted for Mr. Trump, officials like Mr. Butler say they are deeply concerned by the president’s proposed cuts to the agency.
Nearly half of its current funding is passed directly to state environmental agencies. Over all, about a third of all state funding for environmental regulation is supplied by the E.P.A., according to an analysis by the Environmental Council of the States, a nonpartisan group that represents state environmental agencies.
That funding is used to enforce federal environmental laws at the state level. If that federal funding is cut, “it is extremely unlikely that states would be able to make up the funding,” said Alexandra Dunn, the executive director of that group.
If federal funding for states to enact regulations and respond to emergencies is cut, experts say, it may be hard for states to make up the difference.
“I’m a huge fan of cooperative federalism,” Mr. Butler said. “This process of reviewing the federal budget and removing programs that are duplicative is completely appropriate.”
But he added, “Where that message conflicts with the president’s budget is where they say, ‘Hey, states, we want you to do this work, but we’re going to cut your budget to do it.’”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Judge Neil M. Gorsuch presented himself on Monday as a creature of consensus during a sharply partisan Supreme Court confirmation hearing, clouded throughout by the bitter nomination fight that preceded it over the past year.
Democrats, seething from the hearing’s opening moments, made clear that they would not let the public forget about Judge Merrick B. Garland, President Barack Obama’s nominee last year, whom Republicans refused to even consider at a hearing, saying the seat should be filled by the winner of the presidential election.
But when it was his turn, Judge Gorsuch reached often for comity during a well-practiced 16-minute speech, insisting that he favored no party above the law and appearing to brace for attacks from critics who have said his rulings tilt toward corporate interests.
“I’ve ruled for disabled students, for prisoners, for the accused, for workers alleging civil rights violations and for undocumented immigrants,” he told the Senate Judiciary Committee. “Sometimes, too, I’ve ruled against such persons.”
Beginning four days of planned hearings over Judge Gorsuch’s nomination, the proceedings on Monday — light on direct confrontation, heavy on senatorial windiness — set the contours of the debates to come: Democrats raised questions about Judge Gorsuch’s record on issues like workers’ rights and aired concerns about President Trump’s often dim view of the judicial branch. Republicans sought to insulate a plainly well-credentialed jurist whom they hope to install as the court’s next conservative stalwart. And Judge Gorsuch took pains to position himself above politics, on the eve of formal, rigorous questioning from senators on Tuesday.
Leaning often on biography in his speech, Judge Gorsuch cast himself as a humble Westerner, reared on fly-fishing, with malice toward none in his decade as a federal appellate court judge based in Denver.
“My decisions have never reflected a judgment about the people before me, only a judgment about the law and the facts at issue in each particular case,” he said. “A good judge can promise no more than that. And a good judge should guarantee no less.”
A judge who is pleased with every ruling he reaches, Judge Gorsuch added, “is probably a pretty bad judge, stretching for policy results he prefers rather than those the law compels.”
Judge Gorsuch thanked Mr. Trump and did not mention the president’s attacks on the judiciary since taking office, leveled against judges who have ruled against the administration in its push to enact a travel ban from certain predominantly Muslim countries.
He spoke generally of the hard and noble work of judges, perhaps signaling an indirect rebuttal to Mr. Trump’s comments, which he called “disheartening” during private meetings with senators last month.
Judge Gorsuch did not mention Judge Garland on Monday. Democrats, still grappling with how aggressively to oppose this nomination, were eager to fill the void.
“I just want to say I’m deeply disappointed that it’s under these circumstances that we begin our hearings,” Senator Dianne Feinstein of California, the committee’s top Democrat, said at the top of her remarks, citing the “unprecedented treatment” of Judge Garland after the death last year of Justice Antonin G. Scalia.
Senator Michael Bennet, Democrat of Colorado — who introduced Judge Gorsuch, his constituent, alongside the state’s Republican senator, Cory Gardner — said that while it was “tempting” to deny Judge Gorsuch a hearing as well, “two wrongs never make a right.”
Mr. Bennet said he had taken no position on Judge Gorsuch, despite his glowing introduction. Another introductory speaker, Neal K. Katyal, an acting solicitor general under Mr. Obama, endorsed the nominee explicitly, in what Gorsuch allies hope will be a powerful testament to his résumé.
By choosing Judge Gorsuch, Mr. Trump has forced Democrats to reckon with the kind of obstructionism they long lamented from Republicans. In their 10-minute opening statements, Democratic senators made no attempt to quibble with Judge Gorsuch’s qualifications or temperament.
While several members have already said they will vote against him, the prospect of an institution-rattling fight has concerned some more moderate Democrats, particularly those who face re-election in states that Mr. Trump won.
If Judge Gorsuch cannot meet the 60-vote threshold needed to overcome a filibuster, Republicans could change longstanding rules and elevate him on a simple majority vote.
Even some criticisms seemed to hint at the likelihood of Judge Gorsuch being seated, one way or another.
“You’re going to have your hands full with this president,” Senator Richard J. Durbin, Democrat of Illinois, said at one point during a discussion of executive branch overreach, seeming at least briefly to assume Judge Gorsuch’s confirmation. “He’s going to keep you busy.”
Leading up to the hearings, Democrats had gotten little traction for their arguments against Judge Gorsuch. Even on Monday, the proceedings were overshadowed at times by a hearing across the Capitol, where the F.B.I. director, James B. Comey, confirmed an investigation into contacts between Russia and members of the president’s orbit.
But skeptics of Judge Gorsuch hope to amplify several concerns, turning particular attention to his case history on corporate issues and the rights of employees. Repeatedly, the example of a stranded truck driver was invoked: Judge Gorsuch had written a dissent arguing that a trucking company was permitted to fire a driver for abandoning his cargo for his own safety in subzero temperatures.
The weather was frigid, Mr. Durbin said, but “not as cold as your dissent, Judge Gorsuch.”
Ms. Feinstein said it remained to be seen whether Judge Gorsuch could acquit himself as “a reasonable mainstream conservative.” Other Democrats argued that Judge Gorsuch was handpicked by conservative groups like the Federalist Society rather than principally by Mr. Trump.
Senator Patrick J. Leahy, Democrat of Vermont, said Judge Gorsuch was “selected by interest groups.”
In their own opening remarks, Republicans often sought to accuse their counterparts of hypocrisy, suggesting they were only now awakening to anxieties over executive authority.
“Some of my colleagues seem to have rediscovered an appreciation for the need to confine each branch of the government to its constitutional sphere,” said Senator Charles E. Grassley, Republican of Iowa and the committee’s chairman.
Republicans also rejected any claim that the seat belonged to Judge Garland.
Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, said that believing in a purported “great plan to get a Trump nominee on the court” required an expectation that “Trump was going to win to begin with.”
“I didn’t believe that,” said Mr. Graham, who has often criticized Mr. Trump.
Senator Ted Cruz, Republican of Texas, extended the argument considerably. This nomination carried “super-legitimacy,” he said, because “the American people played a very direct role” in the outcome by electing Mr. Trump amid a fight over an open seat.
Before the election, Mr. Cruz suggested that if Hillary Clinton won, Republicans might seek to preserve the court vacancy indefinitely.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The House Intelligence Committee usually meets behind closed doors to talk about secrets. But on Monday it made an exception, noting the intense public interest in its topic: the interference by Russian intelligence in the American election. The hearing shed some official light on a topic that has been the subject of a great deal of media reporting — and gave members of both parties a chance to score political points. Here are the highlights.
James B. Comey, the F.B.I. director, confirmed early in Monday’s hearing that the bureau is indeed, as has been widely reported, investigating the interference by Russian intelligence in the 2016 American presidential election — including any possible collusion by aides and associates of President Trump.
Mr. Comey said the investigation will cover “the nature of any links between individuals associated with the Trump campaign and the Russian government and whether there was any coordination between the campaign and Russia’s efforts.”
The F.B.I. director noted that the inquiry is technically a counterintelligence investigation, focusing not on criminal conduct but on Russian intelligence activities. But he said F.B.I. agents will conduct “an assessment of whether any crimes were committed.”
Mr. Comey noted that usual F.B.I. practice is “not to confirm the existence of ongoing investigations,” and that the Justice Department had approved his departure from that practice. He did not address what everyone in the room was thinking: that Mr. Comey last year famously broke that rule repeatedly to discuss the F.B.I. investigation of Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server as secretary of state, producing negative publicity that some believe cost her the presidency. (Mr. Comey did make a vague reference to past public statements the bureau had made about closed cases.)
In strong statements, both Mr. Comey and Adm. Michael S. Rogers, director of the National Security Agency, definitively dismissed Mr. Trump’s March 4 Twitter posts claiming that he and his campaign had been the target of eavesdropping ordered by former President Barack Obama.
While the two officials hedged their answers on some questions and declined to answer others, they were unequivocal in rebutting Mr. Trump’s claims.
“I have no information that supports those tweets and we have looked carefully inside the F.B.I.,” Mr. Comey said. “The Department of Justice has asked me to share with you that the answer is the same for the Department of Justice and all its components. The department has no information that supports those tweets.”
Admiral Rogers was asked about another theory, first floated on Fox News and repeated by Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary: that Mr. Obama had asked the British spy agency, known as G.C.H.Q., to intercept Mr. Trump’s communications.
“I’ve seen nothing on the N.S.A. side that we engaged in any such activity, nor that anyone ever asked us to engage in such activity,” Admiral Rogers said. Representative Adam Schiff, the committee’s top Democrat, asked what he made of official British denunciations of the G.C.H.Q. claim as “nonsense and utterly ridiculous.”
“Would you agree?” Mr. Schiff asked.
“Yes, sir,” said Admiral Rogers.
Mr. Schiff, who worked as a federal prosecutor in Los Angeles early in his career, used his opening statement at the hearing — unusually long at 15 minutes — to weave a circumstantial case of striking and mysterious connections between Mr. Trump’s associates and Russia.
“The Russians successfully meddled in our democracy and our intelligence agencies have concluded they will do so again,” Mr. Schiff said. Mr. Schiff’s statement is also the conclusion of the C.I.A., the F.B.I. and the N.S.A., accepted even by most Republicans.
But then he went on to enumerate the many Trump aides believed to have some kind of contact or communication with Russians: Carter Page, a foreign policy adviser; Paul Manafort, Mr. Trump’s second campaign manager; Roger J. Stone Jr., a political adviser; Michael T. Flynn, who was forced out as Mr. Trump’s first national security adviser; and others.
Mr. Schiff relied in part on a so-called dossier on Trump-Russia contacts put together by a former British intelligence officer, Christopher Steele, who was paid by Mr. Trump’s Republican rivals and later by Clinton supporters. Mr. Steele is “highly regarded” by intelligence colleagues, Mr. Schiff noted accurately. But he did not say that the dossier is made up of unproven hearsay from Mr. Steele’s sources, much of which journalists have been unable to confirm.
Representative Trey Gowdy, Republican of South Carolina — another former federal prosecutor — pursued a parallel strategy, but with a different target altogether: The unnamed officials and former officials who have leaked to the media about Trump-Russia issues. What was disturbing, Mr. Gowdy suggested, was not the evidence of Russian connections, but the fact that they were disclosed to the public.
In an outraged tone, Mr. Gowdy noted Washington Post and New York Times articles citing anonymous sources to report that in conversations intercepted by American intelligence, Mr. Flynn had discussed sanctions against Russia with Moscow’s ambassador to the United States, Sergey I. Kislyak. Such interceptions are highly classified intelligence, Mr. Comey confirmed.
“I thought it was against the law to disseminate classified information. Is it?” Mr. Gowdy asked.
“Yes, sir,” Mr. Comey replied. “It’s a serious crime.”
Mr. Comey appeared more uncomfortable when Mr. Gowdy asked him about a list of senior Obama administration officials whom the Republican Congressman clearly hinted might be the source of leaks. Mr. Gowdy questioned the F.B.I. director about which officials were empowered to learn the names of Americans picked up in intelligence intercepts, even when the names were redacted from intelligence reports for privacy reasons.
“Would former Attorney General Loretta Lynch have access to an unmasked U.S. citizen’s name?” Mr. Gowdy asked.
“In general, yes, as would any attorney general,” Mr. Comey replied.
Under questioning from Representative K. Michael Conaway, Republican of Texas, Mr. Comey confirmed the intelligence agencies’ findings that the goal of Russian interference in the election was to hurt Mrs. Clinton, a particular target of the ire of Russian President Vladimir V. Putin.
“To be clear, Mr. Conaway, we all agreed with that judgment,” Mr. Comey said, and Admiral Rogers added his assent.
But Mr. Conaway repeatedly probed the agencies’ additional conclusion: that Russia, and Mr. Putin, also wanted to help Mr. Trump.
Mr. Comey stated what he suggested was obvious: “Putin hated Secretary Clinton so much, that the flip side of that coin was he had a clear preference for the person running against the person he hated so much.”
Mr. Conaway attempted a sports analogy — “my wife’s Red Raiders are playing the Texas Longhorns” — and Mr. Comey gamely followed his lead. “Whoever the Red Raiders are playing, you want the Red Raiders to win, by definition, you want their opponent to lose,” the F.B.I. director said.
But their exchange went on for several minutes, exploring a sort of Zen riddle of whether trying to defeat Mrs. Clinton meant trying to elect Mr. Trump.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — One of President Trump’s first executive orders promised a weekly recounting of the crimes committed by undocumented immigrants and a list of the recalcitrant local law enforcement departments that failed to turn those people over to federal officials.
The Department of Homeland Security on Monday delivered the first report. But rather than provide a complete tally, it contained misleading information that only prompted confusion and defiance from law enforcement officials from the jurisdictions in question.
The report, which covers Jan. 28 to Feb. 3, shows that Immigration and Customs Enforcement, the agency charged with deportations, issued 3,083 detainers, which are requests to local police departments to hold undocumented immigrants and legal permanent residents who could be deported.
The report showed, however, that only 206 of those detainers were declined by local law enforcement agencies. Nevertheless, ICE officials say the lack of cooperation endangers Americans.
“When law enforcement agencies fail to honor immigration detainers and release serious criminal offenders, it undermines ICE’s ability to protect the public safety and carry out its mission,” said Thomas Homan, the agency’s acting director.
But one of the nation’s larger counties — Nassau County, on Long Island — was erroneously included in the government’s report as a noncooperative jurisdiction.
“We have tried to be cooperative and it’s unfair and misleading to suggest that we’re not – especially in these times,” said Capt. Michael Golio, a spokesman for the Nassau County sheriff’s office.
Captain Golio said that after the release of the report, ICE contacted him and assured him it would remove Nassau from the next report. Officials at ICE did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the apparent correction.
The Nassau County Sheriff’s Department was one of the first to agree to accept administrative warrants from the agency, said Mr. Golio, who negotiated this change. At the time, Nassau County was criticized by immigration advocates for being too aggressive: It broke from the policies many departments enacted in 2014 after federal lawsuits in Pennsylvania, Illinois and Oregon declared that accepting detainers without judicial warrants was unconstitutional and that counties could be held liable.
The Nassau County sheriff’s office won a lawsuit in State Supreme Court in December 2015 that proved an administrative warrant — more complete than a basic ICE detainer — satisfied probable cause for a person to be detained.
To facilitate ICE’s work in the county, the Nassau sheriff’s office has allowed the agency to have a permanent presence in the county jails, giving agents immediate access to interview inmates. This is different than New York City’s policy, which changed in 2014 to abolish the ICE presence at Rikers Island.
On Thursday, New York’s Commissioner of Immigrant Affairs, Nisha Agarwal, said the report not only misrepresented New York’s law, but facts about cities’ and counties’ policies.
“This ignores the fact that federal courts have repeatedly held that immigration detainers are optional requests and cannot be made mandatory under the Constitution,” Ms. Agarwal said.
Indeed, even ICE recognized this in a “Frequently Asked Questions” section included in the report’s release.
The report said New York amended its law in March 2013 not to honor a detainer. But the New York City Council enacted its local law in October 2014, and said it superseded any previous agreement. That law, which was approved by Mayor Bill de Blasio in November 2014, did allow for some cooperation with ICE if the detention order is accompanied by a judicial warrant and the person in custody has been convicted of one of 170 serious felonies — such as arson, robbery or homicide — within the last five years.
Ms. Agarwal said that public safety depends on the trust between police and community, and to that end, the city’s police officials “voluntarily respond to requests from federal immigration authorities when they’re looking for an individual in our custody who is a serious threat to the safety of all New Yorkers, immigrant or otherwise.”
One jurisdiction, however, did not deny its so-called sanctuary city policy that shields immigrants from detainers.
Travis County, Tex., which includes the city of Austin, declined the most detainers, 142, out of the 206 rejections nationwide listed in the ICE report.
Officials in Travis County said the high number of declined requests was the result of a change in policy by Sally Hernandez, a Democrat who became sheriff in January. She announced that unless individuals in the Travis County jail had been charged with murder, aggravated sexual assault or human smuggling, they would be allowed to post bond and released despite requests from ICE.
The Travis County policy has been criticized by Gov. Greg Abbott, who has threatened to cut off Texas’ criminal justice grant funding for the county.
After the release of Monday’s report, Mr. Abbott said the findings highlighted the need to get rid of sanctuary cities in the state.
“The Travis County Sheriff’s decision to deny ICE detainer requests and release back into our communities criminals charged with heinous crimes – including sexual offenses against children, domestic violence and kidnapping – is dangerous and should be criminal in itself,” Mr. Abbott said in a statement.
Since Mr. Trump ordered the Department of Homeland Security to begin compiling a list of local law enforcement agencies that did not honor detainers, some localities have said publishing the data is simply a way to embarrass them into complying with ICE requests.
“This is a shaming list, a scarlet letter that the federal government is going to put on jurisdictions around the country,” said Dennis Herrera, San Francisco’s city attorney.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The F.B.I. director, James B. Comey, took the extraordinary step on Monday of announcing that the agency is investigating whether members of President Trump’s campaign colluded with Russia to influence the 2016 election.
Mr. Comey’s testimony before the House Intelligence Committee created a treacherous political moment for Mr. Trump, who has insisted that “Russia is fake news” that was cooked up by his political opponents to undermine his presidency. Mr. Comey placed a criminal investigation at the doorstep of the White House and said officers would pursue it “no matter how long that takes.”
Joined by Adm. Michael S. Rogers, the director of the National Security Agency, Mr. Comey also dismissed Mr. Trump’s claim that he was wiretapped by his predecessor during the campaign, a sensational accusation that has served as a distraction in the public debate over Russian election interference. Taken together, the two provided the most definitive statement yet that Mr. Trump’s accusation was false.
The New York Times and other news organizations have reported the existence of the investigation into the Trump campaign and its relationship with Russia, but the White House dismissed those reports as politically motivated and rallied political allies to rebut them. Mr. Comey’s testimony on Monday was the first public acknowledgment of the case. The F.B.I. discloses its investigations only in rare circumstances, when officials believe it is in the public interest.
“This is one of those circumstances,” Mr. Comey said.
Mr. Comey said the F.B.I. was “investigating the nature of any links between individuals associated with the Trump campaign and the Russian government, and whether there was any coordination between the campaign and Russia’s efforts.”
Counterintelligence investigations are among the F.B.I.’s most difficult and time-consuming cases, meaning an investigation could hang over the Trump administration for years even though such inquiries rarely lead to criminal charges.
American intelligence agencies concluded in January that President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia personally ordered a covert effort to hurt Hillary Clinton’s chances and aid Mr. Trump. That included hacking political targets, including the Democratic National Committee, and releasing embarrassing emails through the website WikiLeaks.
The White House dismissed most of Mr. Comey’s testimony, saying there was no coordination between the Trump campaign and Russia and so there was nothing to investigate. Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said the more pressing issue was who disclosed classified information about Mr. Trump’s advisers to journalists, suggesting that they might have been former members of the Obama administration.
American officials have said that they have so far found no proof of collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia, but current and former officials say they have uncovered evidence that Mr. Trump’s associates were in repeated contact with Russian officials — including people linked to Russian intelligence.
Roger J. Stone Jr., a longtime adviser to Mr. Trump, has acknowledged communicating with Guccifer 2.0, an online persona believed to be a front for Russian intelligence officials involved in disseminating hacked Democratic emails. Mr. Stone has denied that there was anything improper about the contact, and he was one of many, including political operatives and journalists, to communicate with the hackers.
Last July, the month that WikiLeaks began releasing the hacked emails, Carter Page, a foreign policy adviser to Mr. Trump, visited Moscow for a speaking engagement. Mr. Page has declined to say whom he met there, but he has said they were mostly scholars.
Michael T. Flynn, a Trump campaign adviser who went on to be his national security adviser, was paid more than $65,000 by companies linked to Russia in 2015, including an American branch of a cybersecurity firm believed to have connections to Russia’s intelligence services, according to congressional investigators. Mr. Flynn was forced to resign after misrepresenting his conversations with the Russian ambassador to the United States.
Mr. Comey said Russia used a murky network of government officials, oligarchs, business leaders and others close to Mr. Putin to gather intelligence. But he repeatedly sidestepped specific questions about Mr. Trump’s advisers, and acknowledged that American citizens sometimes did not realize they were talking to foreign agents. He said the existence of an investigation did not mean the F.B.I. would ever prove wrongdoing.
Nevertheless, Democrats repeatedly highlighted the Trump campaign’s Russian connections as they painted Mr. Trump as a candidate who adopted pro-Russia views and courted Russian interests.
“Is it possible that all of these events and reports are completely unrelated and nothing more than an entirely unhappy coincidence?” said Representative Adam B. Schiff of California, the intelligence committee’s top Democrat. “Yes, it is possible. But it is also possible, maybe more than possible, that they are not coincidental, not disconnected and not unrelated.”
Mr. Comey, testifying for more than five hours, said there was no evidence that Russian hackers had changed any votes in the election. The statement was quickly spun by the White House, which posted that clip of Mr. Comey’s testimony on Twitter.
But later in the hearing, when Mr. Comey was read the tweet by Representative Jim Himes, Democrat of Connecticut, the F.B.I. director made it clear that that was not what he had said.
“We’ve offered no opinion, have no view, have no information on potential impact because it’s not something we looked at,” Mr. Comey said, clarifying that the intelligence community is examining what Russia did to interfere with the election, not the effect of that interference.
Mr. Comey did not say when he expected his investigation to end or whether he planned to make the results public, prompting Republicans to complain that prolonging it would keep a cloud over the White House.
“The longer this hangs out there, the bigger the cloud,” said Representative Devin Nunes of California, the Republican chairman of the Intelligence Committee. “If you have evidence, especially as it relates to people working in the White House or in the administration, that is information we really should know.”
Mr. Trump began the day with Twitter posts denying any collusion with Russia and criticizing leaks of classified information about the investigation. By midday, the White House was citing Mr. Comey’s testimony to suggest that members of the Obama administration had coordinated leaks against Mr. Trump.
Republicans on the Intelligence Committee made similar allegations, using their questions to Mr. Comey to criticize the news coverage about the Russia investigation and chastise government officials who speak anonymously to journalists. Mr. Nunes said he was particularly concerned about the anonymous sources who revealed to journalists that some of Mr. Trump’s associates were being investigated.
The White House has insisted that there is nothing left to investigate about Russia and has instead asked Congress to look into Mr. Trump’s claims that he was wiretapped by President Barack Obama. Mr. Trump made those allegations in a flurry of Twitter posts early this month.
The White House has stood by his accusation, even in the face of conclusions from all corners of the government that it is false. On Tuesday, Mr. Comey, who had asked the Justice Department if it would make a public statement refuting Mr. Trump’s claim, summarily dismissed it.
“I have no information that supports those tweets, and we have looked carefully inside the F.B.I.,” Mr. Comey said, adding that the Justice Department also had no evidence.
Those assurances seemed unlikely to change the White House’s position.
Asked Monday whether, in light of Mr. Comey’s testimony, the president stood by his assertion that he was wiretapped, Mr. Spicer said that he did.



ARTICLE
Senate Republicans are in race against the clock. They want to put Judge Neil M. Gorsuch on the Supreme Court in time to participate in at least some of this term’s cases, notably one on the separation of church and state.
If they are to succeed, they will have to move with exceptional speed.
The calendar is an obstacle course. The confirmation hearings started on Monday and will last several days. The last scheduled arguments of the Supreme Court term are set for the last two weeks of April, and the Senate leaves for a two-week break on April 7.
Senator Charles E. Grassley, the Iowa Republican who heads the Judiciary Committee, has said that getting Judge Gorsuch onto the Supreme Court was important enough to cancel the recess. Senator Mitch McConnell, the majority leader, has said that will not be necessary. “We’re going to confirm him,” he said, “before the April recess.”
But in the last three decades, it has taken a median of 15 days from the start of the hearings for the Senate Judiciary Committee to vote, and another nine days for the full Senate to act, according to the Congressional Research Service. That works out to April 13, after the Senate is scheduled to leave town.
There are other ways to count. The last three Supreme Court justices waited an average of 78 days from nomination to confirmation. That works out to April 19, which is also during the planned Senate recess.
As it happens, April 19 is the day on which the court is scheduled to hear arguments in the term’s remaining marquee case, the one concerning the separation of church and state. The justices have treated the case gingerly, almost certainly because they fear a deadlock without a ninth justice.
The court agreed to hear the case, Trinity Lutheran Church v. Comer, No. 15-577, in January 2016, about a month before Justice Antonin Scalia’s death created the vacancy Judge Gorsuch hopes to fill. Other cases placed on the docket that day were argued and decided by the end of the last term, in June 2016.
But the court put the religion case on hold for more than a year, an extraordinary move. The case was finally scheduled for argument only when there were almost no more argument days left in the current term.
Under the court’s practices, new justices can only vote in cases they have heard argued.
If Judge Gorsuch is on the bench by April 19, he is likely to cast the decisive vote in the case, which may produce a major statement on the role of religion in public life. If he is not, the case may deadlock or be kicked down the road once again, to be reargued in the next term, which starts in October.
The case concerns a Missouri program that helps schools use recycled tires to resurface playgrounds. State officials rejected an application from a Lutheran church that wanted to participate in the program for a playground at its preschool and day care center.
The Missouri Constitution bars spending public money “in aid of any church,” and the State Supreme Court has called for “a very high wall between church and state.”
The church argues that the State Constitution violates equal protection principles and the First Amendment’s guarantee of free exercise of religion. Missouri says states should have leeway to decide for themselves whether and how much to help religious groups.
What happens in the Trinity Lutheran case will help define the current term, which has been thin, slow and sleepy.
By the time the last term ended, the court had deadlocked in four cases, including important ones on immigration and public unions. And it had issued vanishingly narrow decisions in several others, including one on access to contraception.
“There’s a few cases where you can see we ruled very, very, very narrowly,” Justice Sonia Sotomayor said in September, “and it doesn’t take a genius to figure out why.”
But the court did manage to decide two big cases last June. One struck down restrictions on abortion clinics in Texas and reaffirmed the constitutional right to abortion. The other upheld an affirmative action program at the University of Texas in Austin and made it harder to challenge race-conscious admissions programs in higher education.
It has been a long time since the last weeks of June did not bring a Supreme Court blockbuster or three. But this term could end with almost no significant opinions.
The court had been scheduled to hear arguments in a major case on transgender rights on March 28. But a change in position from the Trump administration caused the justices to announce they would not hear the case after all.
The biggest remaining case of the term, aside from the one on religion, is probably Lee v. Tam, on trademarks that are viewed as disparaging. It presents intriguing First Amendment issues, and it will probably effectively determine whether the Washington Redskins are entitled to federal trademark protection.
When the court is back at full strength, its docket should become more interesting. Whether the current term yields at least one important decision may turn on whether and when Judge Gorsuch arrives at 1 First Street.



ARTICLE
■ The F.B.I. director, James B. Comey, publicly confirmed an investigation into Russian interference in the presidential election and whether associates of the president were in contact with Moscow.
■ Mr. Comey also said the F.B.I. had “no information” to support President Trump’s allegation that Barack Obama wiretapped him.
■ The hearing’s featured witnesses: Mr. Comey and Adm. Michael S. Rogers, the director of the National Security Agency.
The F.B.I. is investigating Russian interference in the 2016 election and possible links between the Trump campaign and the Russian government — and whether there was any coordination, Mr. Comey said.
Mr. Comey said that it was unusual for the F.B.I. to confirm or deny the existence of any investigations, but that in unusual circumstances when it is in the public interest, the bureau will sometimes discuss such matters.
“This is one of those circumstances,” he said.
“The F.B.I., as part of our counterintelligence effort, is investigating the Russian government’s efforts to interfere in the 2016 president election,” he continued, adding that the investigation included looking at whether associates of Mr. Trump were in contact with Russian officials, and whether they colluded with them.
Admiral Rogers made it clear that Russian efforts to interfere in democratic elections were not a one-off intrusion. They continue — now in Europe.
“We’ve seen some of the same things we’ve seen in the U.S. in terms of disinformation, fakes news,” he said.
President Trump, offering commentary on Twitter, put the best spin on it, noting that the witnesses did not say Russian hackers had changed vote tallies.
But Democrats clearly had the advantage, sending out campaign fund-raising appeals as the hearing unspooled.
Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, responded: “The possibility of coordination between the Trump campaign and Russian officials is a serious, serious matter. The investigation must be fair, independent, and impartial in every way, and the F.B.I. must be allowed to follow the facts wherever they may lead.”
Mr. Comey told lawmakers that the investigation began in July, but he conceded that he had only “recently” briefed congressional leaders on the existence of the F.B.I. investigation. Asked why he had waited so long, he said, “Because of the sensitivity of the matter.”
Much of the questioning focused on the Trump confidante Roger J. Stone Jr. and his public bragging that he was in contact with the hacker Guccifer 2.0, believed to be a front for Russian intelligence officials. Mr. Comey would not confirm or deny the subject of the F.B.I.’s investigation, but Mr. Stone, never a shrinking violet, did speak up on Twitter.
Mr. Nunes did seek to bring Hillary Clinton’s campaign into the discussion about Russian election meddling.
“If this committee comes to you with information about the Clinton campaign, will you add that to your investigation?” Mr. Nunes asked Mr. Comey.
Mr. Comey said he was not prepared to comment on the particulars of contacts between Russians and any campaigns. But “if people bring us info,” he said, “we will evaluate it.”
Mr. Comey told the House Intelligence Committee, “We have no information to support” President Trump’s assertion on Twitter that President Barack Obama wiretapped Trump Tower.
“We have no information to support those tweets,” Mr. Comey said, repeating moments later, “All I can tell you is that we have no information that supports them.”
The N.S.A. chief, Admiral Rogers, weighed in as well, saying that he had no knowledge of anyone asking the British or any other ally to wiretap Mr. Trump. That seemed to refute another claim made by the White House.
“I’ve seen nothing on the N.S.A. side that we engaged in such activity, nor that anyone engaged in such activity,” Admiral Rogers said.
He then explicitly denied having any indication that Mr. Trump was wiretapped by British intelligence at the request of Mr. Obama.
Mr. Trump, watching the House Intelligence Committee closely, has offered a stream of comments on Twitter, attacking classified leaks and concluding that, in fact, Russia did not influence the electoral process.
Representative Jim Himes, Democrat of Connecticut, read those tweets to Mr. Comey, who sought to set the record straight.
“We’ve offered no opinion, have no view, have no information on potential impact because it’s not something we looked at,” Mr. Comey said, clarifying that the intelligence community was examining what Russia did to interfere with the election, not the impact of that interference.
Mr. Comey added: “It certainly wasn’t our intention to say that today because we have no information on that subject.”
Mr. Comey’s statement that the F.B.I. is investigating the Trump campaign is certain to raise comparisons to his disclosure in October that the bureau had discovered a new trove of Mrs. Clinton’s emails.
“Some folks may want to make comparisons to past instances where the Department of Justice and the F.B.I. have spoken about the details of some investigations,” Mr. Comey said. “But please keep in mind that those involved the details of completed investigations. Our ability to share details with Congress and the American people is limited when those investigations are still open, which I hope makes sense. We need to protect people’s privacy. We need to make sure we don’t give other people clues as to where we are going.”
Mr. Comey said that he had consulted the Justice Department about whether to disclose the existence of the investigation — something he had not done before he held a news conference in July to announce that there was not enough evidence to charge Mrs. Clinton with a crime.
Mr. Comey’s statements on Monday brought immediate criticism from Mrs. Clinton’s allies and former campaign officials. “In refusing to discuss an ongoing investigation, Director Comey is appropriately adhering to the Justice Department’s standards,” said Brian Fallon, the spokesman for Mrs. Clinton’s campaign. “The question he has never satisfactorily answered is why he deviated from those standards so egregiously in Hillary Clinton’s case.”
Daniel C. Richman, a longtime confidant of Mr. Comey’s and a professor at Columbia University, defended Mr. Comey. “There is no fair comparison between announcing a material status change in an investigation that you publicly declared to be closed — in an announcement the public can be expected to rely on — and speaking about investigative moves, or nonmoves, in a covert national security investigation,” Mr. Richman said.
Mr. Comey provided a rare moment of levity when asked if he believed the inquiry into Russian meddling and possible connections to the Trump campaign was a form of “McCarthyism.”
The question came during a stretch of questioning in which both he and Admiral Rogers unequivocally rejected claims by Mr. Trump that he was wiretapped during the campaign.
As for McCarthyism, Mr. Comey’s reply was similarly definitive: “I try very hard not to engage in any ‘isms’ of any kind, including McCarthyism,” he said.
Representative Trey Gowdy, Republican of South Carolina, who led the inquiry into Mrs. Clinton after the 2012 Benghazi attacks, seems to have turned into the Inspector Javert of intelligence leaks, with the president of the United States at his side. And who are they blaming? Much of the Obama administration — including former President Barack Obama himself.
Mr. Gowdy, in a question to Mr. Comey, asked: “Unauthorized dissemination is punishable by felony up to 10 years in federal prison?”
“Yes, as it should be,” Mr. Comey said.
Mr. Gowdy, who led the House Select Committee on Benghazi and helped expose Mrs. Clinton’s use of a private email server, asked if a series of people from the Obama administration had access to the intelligence information leaked: John O. Brennan, the former director of the C.I.A.; James R. Clapper Jr., the former director of national intelligence; Loretta E. Lynch, the former attorney general; Susan E. Rice, the former national security adviser; Ben Rhodes, a former National Security Council official; and … Mr. Obama.
He also listed a series of news reports from The New York Times and The Washington Post that detailed information gleaned from classified intercepts of calls between the Trump adviser Michael T. Flynn and Sergey I. Kislyak, the Russian ambassador.
Mr. Gowdy concluded by asking: “I thought it was against the law to disseminate classified information. Is it?”
“Yes, for sure,” Mr. Comey said. “It is a serious crime.”
The president himself chimed in on the issue via Twitter, again hinting that the leaks came straight from his predecessor:
The president also joined the Republican effort to steer the hearing away from Russian interference to the danger of classified leaks.
The first hearing of the House Intelligence Committee’s investigation into Russia’s meddling in the election opened with Representative Devin Nunes of California, the committee’s chairman and a Trump ally, trying to split the difference between his hawkish view of Russia and his desire to deflect accusations that Mr. Trump’s campaign benefited from Russian interference in the election — or, worse, possibly colluded with Moscow.
Shortly after the witnesses — Mr. Comey and Admiral Rogers — took their seats, Mr. Nunes opened by stating that Russia had a long track record of aggressive actions against its neighbors, and that “its hostile acts take many forms aside from direct military assaults.”
Russia “has a long history of meddling in other countries’ election systems and launching cyber-attacks on a wide range of countries,” he said. “The fact that Russia hacked U.S. election-related databases comes as no shock to this committee.”
But in a nod to a claim pushed by Mr. Trump that he was wiretapped, Mr. Nunes said he wanted to know if there was improper surveillance of campaign officials. And he said it was important to find out “who has leaked classified information.”
“Numerous current and former officials have leaked purportedly classified information in connection to these questions,” Mr. Nunes said. “We aim to determine who has leaked or facilitated leaks of classified information so that these individuals can be brought to justice.”
Representative Adam B. Schiff of California, the committee’s ranking Democrat, laid out the case that the Trump campaign was, at best, far too close to Russia — and far too eager to appease Moscow on Ukraine and other issues.
“If the Trump campaign, or anybody associated with it, aided or abetted the Russians, it would not only be a serious crime, it would also represent one of the most shocking betrayals of our democracy in history,” he said.
Mr. Schiff said the committee also planned to examine whether the raw intelligence substantiated intelligence officials’ assessment and whether the government had reacted quickly and appropriately to revelations of Russia’s efforts to influence the election.
It is “unknowable” whether Russian meddling altered the outcome of the election, Mr. Schiff said, emphasizing that it mattered more that Moscow succeeded in intervening and would do it again.
“If we do not do our very best to understand how the Russians accomplished this unprecedented attack on our democracy and what we need to do to protect ourselves in the future,” he said, “we will have only ourselves to blame.”
With the House Intelligence Committee convening for its first public hearing on Russian election meddling, the president is posting his protests on Twitter — again.
The search for the real “leaker” is likely to be part of the questioning of the F.B.I. director, since Mr. Nunes has seconded the president’s opinion.
But Mr. Schiff asserted on Sunday that there was circumstantial evidence of collusion between Russian intelligence and Trump associates during the campaign. So protest as he might, Mr. Trump is not going to head off that line of questioning.
None of that is sitting well with the president of the United States. In a later offering, he went back to an oldie but goodie: Mrs. Clinton.



ARTICLE
Judge Neil M. Gorsuch gave his opening statement on Monday during the first day of his confirmation hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee.
Here are some highlights:
■ Senator Richard J. Durbin, Democrat of Illinois, said he wanted to know what Judge Gorsuch would do when “called upon to stand up to this president.” Mr. Durbin said, “You going to have your hands full with this president.”
■ Senator Michael Bennet, Democrat of Colorado, introduced Mr. Gorsuch, his fellow Coloradan, with high praise but stayed studiously ambiguous about how he would vote.
■ Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, said, “if you believe this has been a great plan to get a Trump nominee on the court, then you had to believe Trump was going to win to begin with.”
■ Senator Patrick J. Leahy, Democrat of Vermont, said Mr. Gorsuch was “selected by interest groups.”
■ Two of the most frequently mentioned people at Monday’s hearing weren’t even in the room: Judge Merrick B. Garland, the Obama administration nominee who never got a hearing, and Senator Mitch McConnell, the Republican leader who led the blockade of Judge Garland.
■ Republicans are enthusiastic and fully aboard with Judge Gorsuch. Do not expect contentious questioning from them in the days ahead.
■ The hearings reconvene on Tuesday at 9:30 a.m., and will last at least 10 hours.
On the opening day of his confirmation hearings, Judge Gorsuch promised that if he were elevated to the Supreme Court, he would strive for independence and integrity.
“I will do all in my power,” he said, “to be a faithful servant of the Constitution and laws of this great nation.”
In what may have been an oblique reference to President Trump’s attacks on judges who have ruled against him, Judge Gorsuch thanked “my fellow judges across the country.”
His polished opening statement came after hours of remarks from members of the Senate Judiciary Committee that confirmed a stark partisan divide on his nomination.
Republican senators portrayed Judge Gorsusch as a highly qualified and independent jurist. Democrats said they were troubled by a judicial record they said was animated by a cold and literal reading of the law and skewed toward business interests.
Judge Gorsuch said he tried to follow the example of Justice Byron R. White, for whom he served as law clerk “He modeled for me judicial courage,” Judge Gorsuch said of his mentor. “He followed the law wherever it took him.”
Pledging to dispense equal justice to “poor and rich,” Judge Gorsuch said the judicial role was “not about politics.”
Rather, he said, a judge’s plain black robes reflect a different role, representing independence. “The robe does mean something to me,” he said, “and not just that I can hide the coffee stains on my shirt.”
Three Democratic senators, three opening statements that began with a focus on the judge who never made it to this room: Judge Garland.
Democrats were always expected to highlight Republicans’ refusal to even meet with President Barack Obama’s nominee last year. But the frequency and ferocity of their attacks were notable out of the gate.
Amid the complaints about last year’s process, Democrats on Monday described themselves as taking the high road now. Meeting with Judge Gorsuch and participating in the hearing, Senator Durbin said, represented “a courtesy which Senate Republicans denied to Judge Garland.”
Gorsuch was introduced by the two senators from his home state, Colorado. The third introduction, though, came from a less typical source: Neal K. Katyal, a well-known liberal lawyer who served as acting solicitor general in the Obama administration.
“This is a first-rate intellect and a fair and decent man,” Mr. Katyal said of Judge Gorsuch.
Mr. Katyal, who represents Hawaii in its challenge to President Trump’s travel ban and argues frequently before the Supreme Court, was an early supporter of Judge Gorsuch. More than 30 members of the Supreme Court bar signed a letter endorsing Judge Gorsuch last month, calling him “fair-minded, dedicated, smart and unfailingly polite.”
Senator Ted Cruz, Republican of Texas, used his remarks to defend his party’s decision to hold open the vacancy caused by the death of Justice Antonin Scalia, arguing that allowing President Obama to fill the seat would have endangered Scalia’s legacy.
Mr. Cruz said the fact that the dispute over the vacancy figured into the presidential election result conferred a “super-legitimacy” on Judge Gorsuch because voters had their say — an unusual idea that would no doubt be strongly disputed by Democrats.
Before the election, Mr. Cruz had been among those Republicans suggesting that they should hold the seat open indefinitely if Hillary Clinton won the election.
Senator Sheldon Whitehouse, Democrat of Rhode Island, issued a blistering attack on the United States Supreme Court led by Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr., listing more than a dozen decisions in which the court had voted 5 to 4 to limit voting rights, increase the role of money in politics and favor business interests. In each, he said, the five Republican appointees were in the majority.
It is true the Roberts court has been closely divided along partisan lines. Several studies have also showed that the Roberts court tends to favor business interests.
If Judge Gorsuch fills the seat left vacant by Justice Scalia’s death last year, he will return the court to a familiar dynamic, with a five-member majority of conservative justices, all appointed by Republican presidents, and a four-member bloc of liberal justices, all appointed by Democratic presidents.
Mr. Durbin also brought up the recent revelation that Judge Gorsuch, as a Justice Department official in December 2005, was involved in internal Bush administration deliberations over a signing statement that President George W. Bush issued when he signed a law tightening restrictions against torture.
Signing statements are official written pronouncements by the president when a bill is signed into law.
The signing statement attracted controversy because Mr. Bush asserted that he had the constitutional power, as commander-in-chief, to disregard the new torture ban. Mr. Bush had threatened to veto the bill, but Congress had passed it so overwhelmingly that lawmakers had the votes to override a veto. So instead, Mr. Bush used a signing statement to undermine it.
“Turns out you were deeply involved in this unprecedented signing statement,” Mr. Durbin said. “We need to know what you will do when you are called upon to stand up to this president.”
Still, internal Justice Department emails made public late on Friday showed that Judge Gorsuch did not write the line in the final signing statement that essentially claimed that Congress cannot limit what interrogation techniques a president chooses to use in wartime. Instead, David S. Addington, the counsel to then-Vice President Dick Cheney, drafted that line.
Instead, the documents show, Judge Gorsuch had been pushing for different language that would have essentially claimed that the new torture ban merely codified existing practices and would not require any change.
Senator Michael Bennet, Democrat of Colorado, does not have to vote for Mr. Gorsuch just because he will be introducing him at the confirmation hearing. But his presence at the hearing underscores the difficult position Mr. Bennet is in.
Because of Democrats’ anger over the treatment of Judge Garland’s nomination by Republicans, he is caught in a pincher between pressure to support his fellow Coloradan and his party loyalties.
Democratic senators are facing pressure to mount a filibuster that would force Republicans to change the chamber’s rules in order to confirm Judge Gorsuch. To overcome a filibuster without changing the rules, Republicans need to persuade at least eight Democrats to break ranks with their party — and interest groups on both sides are pushing Senator Bennet. A vote for the nominee could play well with more centrist voters back home, but draw the ire of progressives there and across the country. And Mr. Bennet is seen as someone who could have a future as a national Democratic figure.
In recent weeks, Mr. Trump’s cabinet nominees have not always seemed entirely prepared for their congressional hearings. That’s unlikely to be the case with Judge Gorsuch.
Appraised even by skeptics as gifted and poised, Judge Gorsuch has been in deep preparations for weeks, including meetings with 72 senators, by his team’s count. The centerpiece of Monday’s proceedings will be his opening statement before the Judiciary Committee, his first meaningful public remarks since the evening of his nomination.
That initial speech, delivered from the White House beside Mr. Trump, may offer some clues to his strategy. It included soaring paeans to the judiciary — talk of the need for “impartiality and independence, collegiality and courage” — as well as choice bits of biography and humor.
By nominating a plainly qualified judge, Mr. Trump has forced Democrats to reckon with the kind of obstructionism they long condemned from Republicans. While several members have already said they would vote against Judge Gorsuch, the prospect of an institution-rattling fight has concerned some more moderate Democrats, particularly those who face re-election in states that Mr. Trump won.
If Judge Gorsuch cannot meet the 60-vote threshold needed to overcome a filibuster, Republicans could change longstanding rules and elevate him on a simple majority vote.
In the hearings, if recent history is a guide, some of the sharpest questioning might come from Senator Al Franken, Democrat of Minnesota, whose approach at the cabinet hearings produced several memorable moments. (These included coaxing Jeff Sessions, now the attorney general, to say he had not had “communications with the Russians” during the presidential campaign, despite Mr. Sessions’s since-divulged contacts with the Russian ambassador.)
So far, objections to Judge Gorsuch — which have gotten little traction to date — have generally come in two forms from Democrats: His record suggests a bias toward corporate interests, they argue, and …
Opening a new line of attack, Senator Patrick J. Leahy, Democrat of Vermont, said Mr. Gorsuch was “selected by interest groups.” It is true that the Federalist Society, a conservative legal group, played a leading role in drawing up Mr. Trump’s lists of potential nominees and in narrowing the list to a single finalist.
In his Senate questionnaire, Judge Gorsuch was asked to describe who had first contacted him from the White House about the possibility that he would be elevated to the Supreme Court.
“I was contacted by Leonard Leo,” he said, referring to an exceptionally influential executive vice president of the Federalist Society.



ARTICLE
Read our coverage and watch live video of the hearing here.
Washington once again will be watching on Monday to see how far James B. Comey, the F.B.I. director, will go in discussing the sensitive investigation into Russia’s election meddling.
Members of the House Intelligence Committee have summoned Mr. Comey and Adm. Michael S. Rogers, the director of the National Security Agency, to a hearing beginning at 10 a.m. as the panel tries to respond to President Trump’s insistence that President Barack Obama had him wiretapped at Trump Tower during the campaign.
The panel — which is leading an investigation into Russia’s efforts to influence the 2016 election — also wants to press Mr. Comey and Admiral Rogers to answer questions about what they have found in the course of the federal investigation into connections between Mr. Trump’s associates and any contacts they may have had with Russia.
Here’s how the hearing may play out:
In the aftermath of Mr. Trump’s Twitter storm three weeks ago in which he accused Mr. Obama of wiretapping him, Mr. Comey pushed senior Justice Department officials to publicly reject Mr. Trump’s claim, since Mr. Comey believed that Mr. Trump had falsely insinuated that the F.B.I. had broken the law. But Justice Department officials declined to go along with his request.
Mr. Comey will be in a tricky spot as he tries to navigate questions about the continuing investigation. In January, Mr. Comey said he “would never comment on investigations — whether we have one or not — in an open forum like this” when asked whether the bureau had investigated links between Mr. Trump’s associates and Russia.
Republican and Democratic lawmakers who have been briefed in classified settings by Mr. Comey have said there is no evidence that Mr. Obama had Mr. Trump wiretapped.
A spokesman for the F.B.I. declined to comment on what Mr. Comey will say on Monday. But our guess is that Mr. Comey will answer the question about the wiretap, saying that it does not exist. Discussing something publicly that doesn’t exist is much easier than talking openly about classified information.
It’s harder to predict how far Mr. Comey will go in discussing other details about the investigation — or if he will even confirm that the F.B.I. is investigating Mr. Trump’s associates.
Mr. Comey has shown a flair for the dramatic and a willingness to be more forthcoming publicly than most government officials. Last July, he held a news conference to announce that the bureau was not recommending charges against Hillary Clinton in connection to her use of a private email account, but he went on at some length about her misdeeds. Democrats have blasted Mr. Comey’s decision, saying it was inappropriate, violated Justice Department guidelines and unfairly maligned Mrs. Clinton.
So far, the bureau has not publicly acknowledged the existence of the investigation into the connections between Mr. Trump’s associates and Russia. Typically, F.B.I. officials do not discuss developing investigations. But at times when the press has reported about an investigation at length, the officials will acknowledge the existence of an inquiry. The panel would like to examine the evidence that the bureau has obtained, but Mr. Comey may tell lawmakers that they cannot see it until his investigation is over.
If Mr. Comey acknowledges the investigation, it could balloon into a scandal for the still-young Trump administration.
Republicans want Mr. Comey to explain what the F.B.I. is doing to investigate leaks of sensitive national security matters that have surfaced about Mr. Trump’s associates since Election Day. The panel’s chairman, Devin Nunes, Republican of California and an official on the Trump transition team, has said that the panel will focus on the leaks.
“The one crime we know that’s been committed is that one,” Mr. Nunes said on “Fox News Sunday,” referring to the disclosure of classified information. “That is a crime that’s been committed. We don’t know the answer to that. That’s what we’re trying to get to the bottom of. Were there any other names that were unmasked, leaked and leaked out? We just don’t know that yet.”
Riding shotgun next to Mr. Comey will be Admiral Rogers, who, as the head of the N.S.A., oversees the government’s wiretapping programs.
Admiral Rogers may be more reserved in what he says. During the transition, he was a leading candidate to be Mr. Trump’s director of national intelligence, a position that ultimately went to former Senator Dan Coats. Senior national security officials during the Obama administration had recommended that Mr. Obama fire Admiral Rogers, accusing him of poor leadership.
Since Mr. Trump was elected, Mr. Comey has not publicly addressed his decision in late October to inform Congress that the F.B.I. was examining a new trove of emails related to Mrs. Clinton’s private server. Democrats have contended that Mr. Comey’s decision helped cost Mrs. Clinton the election.
It’s not clear whether Democratic lawmakers — who want to use the hearing to heighten attention on Mr. Trump’s ties to Russia — will use their time to discuss emails.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Halfway through Congress’s 2013 summer recess, a letter landed on the desks of House Republican leaders demanding a new strategy to fight “one of the largest grievances in our time.” Give Congress the option to defund the Affordable Care Act, it said, or risk shutting down the government.
Republican leaders condemned the idea, and the 80 House Republicans who signed the letter acquired a nickname, courtesy of the conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer — the “suicide caucus.” But it wasn’t long before a bitter disagreement over the health care law snarled budget negotiations and resulted in a disruptive government shutdown that lasted 16 days. Republicans took the blame.
Three and a half years later, the letter’s recipients — John A. Boehner, then the House speaker, and Representative Eric Cantor of Virginia, the majority leader at the time — are gone, casualties of the take-no-prisoners conservatism it espoused.
Representative Mark Meadows of North Carolina — just a freshman Republican when he wrote that letter — and several of the signers are now part of the hard-line group known as the House Freedom Caucus. True to their “suicide caucus” roots, they pose what is possibly the greatest threat to Republicans’ long-awaited opportunity to scrap former President Barack Obama’s biggest domestic policy achievement.
Panning the Republican plan as “Obamacare Lite,” the Freedom Caucus is gambling that its demands will not kill the repeal effort that has been a cause célèbre for all Republicans. And with President Trump’s budget request previewing a bruising round of negotiations just weeks from now, its members appear to be on a collision course with their party’s leadership at both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue.
Facing the prospect that their brand of combative conservatism could prove less appealing to voters than Mr. Trump’s, the group has even expressed a tentative willingness to negotiate on a spending bill that may not immediately reduce the deficit, once a deal-breaking prospect during the Obama administration.
“We are willing to play ball, I think. We’re willing to be open,” said Representative Scott Perry of Pennsylvania, a member of the caucus. “But we’ve got to know it’s a consideration for you because it’s a concern for us.”
Formed in early 2015, the Freedom Caucus threw itself into efforts that year to shut down the Department of Homeland Security over Mr. Obama’s executive orders on immigration, and then the federal government over funding for Planned Parenthood. Increasingly angry at Mr. Boehner’s efforts to quell his restive right wing, they pushed to toss him out. That October, he resigned.
So secretive that it will not disclose the names of its members, but headed by the persistently visible and often affable Mr. Meadows, the roughly three dozen members of the group have positioned themselves as the House’s guardians of conservatism.
But some of their fellow Republicans chafe at what they see as their counterproductive propensity to engage in intraparty slugfests. Representative Devin Nunes — the California Republican who in exasperation once called the instigators of the 2013 shutdown “lemmings with suicide vests” — said the refusal to unite sends Republican leaders in search of Democratic votes, “moving the agenda to the left.”
“At the end of the day, this is a team sport,” he said. “On the House side, you have to find a way to pass bills with your majority. No matter what, at all costs, you have to do that.”
House Republicans are keenly aware of the stakes for repealing the Affordable Care Act. About two-thirds of their 237 members were elected in the Tea Party wave of 2010 or later. Most campaigned on getting rid of the health care law.
“This is our generation’s rendezvous with destiny,” said Representative Jeff Duncan of South Carolina, another Freedom Caucus member.
“It’s also a heavy lift,” he added.
Though relatively few House Republicans belong to the Freedom Caucus, the fact that Republican leaders have little margin for error has only emboldened the group. Bills currently need at least 216 votes to clear the House, meaning Republicans can afford to lose just 21 members without Democratic help. (There are five vacancies in the House, four left by Republicans who took cabinet positions in the Trump administration.)
Members of the Freedom Caucus have expressed an assortment of concerns with the health care bill crafted by Speaker Paul D. Ryan and the Trump administration, which they argue does not go far enough toward repealing all aspects of the Affordable Care Act. Among other issues, they have dismissed its subsidies as a new entitlement program, and have argued that the measure should eliminate all essential health benefits requirements placed on insurers to control premiums. They endorsed one member’s plan last month.
They are hardly the only Republicans with concerns about the measure. Representative Ileana Ros-Lehtinen of Florida and a few others in liberal-leaning districts are among other House Republicans who oppose it, as do key Republican governors; many outside groups, including the American Medical Association; and a handful of senators whose concerns clash with conservative opposition in the House.
But the caucus has become the stubborn obstacle to House passage, especially after top members of the Republican Study Committee — a larger conservative group to which some Freedom Caucus members also belong — emerged from a meeting with Mr. Trump Friday morning to say most of them would support the measure. Representative Jim Jordan of Ohio, a founding member of both groups, said he remained opposed.
A planned White House meeting for the Freedom Caucus, featuring pizza and bowling, was postponed last week because of snow.
The fact that “over the past two weeks, the health care bill has gone from take-it-or-leave-it to we’re-open-for-negotiation is proof that the Freedom Caucus is being effective,” said Representative Andy Harris of Maryland, a member of the group.
For a year and a half, Speaker Ryan has navigated the tricky reality that members of his own party present the greatest obstacle to even shared policy goals like repealing the Affordable Care Act — and an existential threat to his speakership.
In October, after Mr. Ryan distanced himself from Mr. Trump when a recording surfaced in which he was heard boasting of sexually assaulting women, members of the Freedom Caucus considered opposing his re-election as the party’s leader. He was later re-elected with almost unanimous Republican support, including from the Freedom Caucus.
Representative Morgan Griffith of Virginia, another member of the Freedom Caucus, shrugged off the idea that the bill’s failure would be an embarrassment for Mr. Ryan.
“People around here get all worked up on, oh my gosh, this is the end of the world,” he said. “Look, the speakership is defined by numerous votes over numerous years. And while you never want to lose when you’re in leadership or speaker, sometimes you’re going to lose. Welcome to legislating.”
Seeing a fellow disrupter in Mr. Trump, members of the Freedom Caucus have embraced him, but it is a risky and tenuous alliance. The group has viewed the willingness to cut entitlements as a practical test of conservatism; Mr. Trump vowed not to touch Social Security or Medicare during his campaign.
Praising Mr. Trump’s proposed increases in military spending, Mr. Harris emphasized that the budget request would not add to the deficit thanks to strikingly deep cuts to social programs and other discretionary funding.
It also would not reduce the deficit. And Mr. Harris, like many Republicans, is concerned that Mr. Trump might make good on his promise for a $1 trillion infrastructure bill.
“You’re never in total agreement,” he said.



ARTICLE
Standing beside Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany on Friday at the White House, President Trump told her, “at least we have something in common.”
Mr. Trump was comparing himself to a foreign leader whose cellphone calls had been intercepted by the National Security Agency. He was doubling down, once again, on his much-disputed claim that his calls, too, had been wiretapped on orders of President Barack Obama.
It was the latest in a series of extraordinary statements in which Mr. Trump, with awkward support from his aides, took an unusual stance for an American commander in chief: He spoke not as the boss of the intelligence agencies, but as their victim.
Even if his wiretap claim was groundless, as seems all but certain, it has unexpectedly renewed a debate on the left as well as the right over whether security agencies invade Americans’ privacy and could undermine democracy. Whether the president intended such a discussion or even welcomes it, his repeated undercutting of the spy agencies has been striking.
Shortly before taking office, he infuriated intelligence officials by comparing their agencies to Nazi Germany. In February, he suggested that intelligence leaks were “just like Russia”; his aides, with his encouragement, have pushed the idea that the “deep state” of security agencies sought to undermine his presidency.
If such charges were previously unseen in the history of the American presidency, so were the circumstances in which Mr. Trump took office. In a public report before his inauguration, the intelligence agencies concluded that Russian hacking and disinformation were intended to help him defeat Hillary Clinton. He bitterly resisted the claim, which cast a shadow of doubt over the legitimacy of his victory.
All of those tensions will be in the air on Monday, when the leaders of the F.B.I., James B. Comey, and the National Security Agency, Adm. Michael S. Rogers, testify before the House Intelligence Committee. Mr. Trump’s wiretap accusations are certain to come up.
Constrained both by classification rules and by deference to the president, the intelligence officials will have to pick their way carefully through secret intelligence programs and Mr. Trump’s attacks.
Of all of Mr. Trump’s Twitter eruptions, his March 4 outburst on surveillance may have been the most disturbing, both for those who believed it and for those who dismissed it as outrageous nonsense.
“How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process,” Mr. Trump asked, with erratic spelling. “This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!”
The claims, denied by Mr. Obama, have been definitively discredited by intelligence officials and members of Congress in both parties. When the president’s spokesman, Sean Spicer, floated a new theory that Mr. Obama had enlisted British eavesdroppers for the illicit job, British officials indignantly denied it, and the White House quickly backed down.
In the face of bipartisan pushback, the president has refused to relinquish his claims.
Many of Mr. Trump’s critics have dismissed the tweets as an impulsive reaction to things he read on the internet. Some of his vocal critics believe that the wiretap gambit is a deliberate attempt to create a distraction from the many challenges facing his young presidency.
It could also be that by pre-emptively discrediting the F.B.I., C.I.A. and National Security Agency, he is hoping to undermine any damning evidence they may produce of his associates’ contacts with Russia. In the domestic sphere, after all, he and his aides denigrated the Congressional Budget Office in anticipation of the office’s dismal projections on his health plan.
Or possibly the president’s repeated battering of the intelligence agencies is not so different from his attacks on the Environmental Protection Agency or the State Department. He may view the spy agencies as just additional targets in what his adviser, Stephen K. Bannon, calls the “deconstruction of the administrative state.”
“It’s in keeping with his attitude toward government in general,” said Elizabeth Goitein, a director of the liberty and national security program at the Brennan Center for Justice. “He has nothing but antipathy for the agencies he controls.”
Yet Ms. Goitein, who has no sympathy for Mr. Trump’s policies, believes his clumsy comments on wiretapping, even if not true, should be an opening for a broader discussion of government surveillance and American privacy. She is among the civil libertarians who believe Mr. Trump’s critics have been too quick to dismiss the real possibility that the National Security Agency or F.B.I. might actually have picked up Trump campaign communications under eavesdropping rules that civil libertarians see as too permissive.
“I don’t think we can laugh it off,” she said.
Intentionally or otherwise, Mr. Trump has rejuvenated the debate over the proper balance of privacy and security that surfaced after Edward Snowden’s disclosures about N.S.A. programs in 2013. When the libertarian Senator Rand Paul, Republican of Kentucky, used the Trump claims to suggest a broader concern about privacy, Glenn Greenwald, a left-wing writer for the online publication The Intercept, backed him up in a column titled “Rand Paul Is Right.”
“Paul’s explanation is absolutely correct,” Mr. Greenwald wrote. He said that the National Security Agency “is empowered to spy on Americans’ communications without a warrant,” calling current procedures a violation of the Fourth Amendment and “the dirty little secret of the U.S. Surveillance State.”
What these odd political bedfellows were pointing out is a truism inside the intelligence world but less understood outside it: When the National Security Agency or the F.B.I. eavesdrop on foreigners’ communications, they often pick up the Americans who are talking to them. National Security Agency and F.B.I. officials call this “incidental” collection, but it can have serious consequences.
It appears that such incidental collection, for instance, decided the fate of Michael T. Flynn, who stepped down as national security adviser after he was picked up talking to the Russian ambassador, Sergey I. Kislyak, and lied about the conversations.
To address the threat to American privacy from incidental collection, the government applies what it calls “minimization” rules. Names of Americans must be masked in intelligence reports disseminated by the agencies, but there are exceptions: Officials can request that the names be unmasked to help understand the reports, and the names are available to criminal investigators.
There is also the possibility of what is called “reverse targeting” — say, eavesdropping on Mr. Kislyak, ostensibly to find out what the Russian ambassador is up to — but with the real goal of catching Mr. Flynn. Reverse targeting is prohibited by law, but Ms. Goitein points out that it is difficult to prove because it requires showing what was in the eavesdropper’s mind.
In addition to the targeting of specific foreigners, several N.S.A. programs sweep up huge quantities of communications wholesale. According to the rules, intelligence officers apply privacy protections later, when they conduct searches of the data.
The volume of communications available for searching can be mind-boggling. In 2011, the National Security Agency collected and stored 250 million internet communications from a single program, known as Section 702, according to a report from the government’s Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board. In 2015, the same program targeted more than 94,000 foreigners — and carried out more than 23,000 searches of its data for “U.S. persons,” meaning citizens or permanent residents. Many Americans inevitably turn up in the data, either because they are communicating with a foreigner or are mentioned in a foreigner’s messages.
Under the Section 702 program, the National Security Agency and the C.I.A. can use American names to search its data if the query is “reasonably designed” to find foreign intelligence. The F.B.I. can do the same not just to find foreign intelligence but also to find evidence of a crime.
Civil libertarians believe those rules are far too loose. The Snowden revelations forced intelligence officials to be far more open about their procedures, but few Americans are aware of the extent of the incidental collection of their emails and calls.
David Medine, who was chairman of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board from 2013 to 2016, is a supporter of stricter rules that would require court approval for such searches. He noted that the normally five-member board, which by statute has subpoena power and access to even the most classified material, currently has only one member and is awaiting nominations from Mr. Trump before it can resume its work.
“If the president is concerned about surveillance by the intelligence agencies,” Mr. Medine said, “one thing he should do is appoint new members to the board.”



ARTICLE
UNION, S.C. — As Johnny Sinclair sees it, this declining mill town voted overwhelmingly to send President Trump to the White House for one overriding reason: to change rules of political engagement in Washington that had long left places like this high and dry.
So when Mr. Trump released his first budget last week, proposing to significantly shrink the footprint of federal government while building up the military, Mr. Sinclair saw a politician finally following through.
“We don’t expect Trump to get everything done he said he would. But we expect him to try,” Mr. Sinclair said Friday, as he sat in a restaurant here with four friends. “The roads may not end up paved in gold, but we expect him to be out, shovel in hand.”
In Washington, Mr. Trump’s budget has been met by many with deep, even hostile skepticism. South Carolina’s longtime Republican senior senator, Lindsey Graham, called it “dead on arrival.” Democrats’ denunciations have been even stronger.
But here, in the region that first sent Mr. Trump’s budget director, Mick Mulvaney, to Washington six years ago as a congressman, Mr. Sinclair’s conclusion appears to be the more common one, even if opinions differ on which programs need cutting.
“The budget reflects, in my mind, just what he said he was going to do,” said John Day, who lives about an hour away from here in the rapidly growing, decidedly more prosperous suburbs of Charlotte. Republicans and the news media ought to give Mr. Trump a chance, he said, echoing a point Mr. Mulvaney made when he unveiled the budget last week: After all, what did they expect?
The district Mr. Mulvaney represented in Congress, which has lurched rightward in recent decades, is a blend of overwhelmingly conservative suburbs, blue-collar former mill towns like Union where Mr. Trump’s populist appeal was strongest, and military communities scattered around installations at Shaw Air Force Base and nearby Fort Jackson in the region’s southernmost reaches.
Few congressional districts better capture the breadth of the unorthodox coalition that came together to elect Mr. Trump in November than this one. And though they found reasons to differ, Trump voters interviewed across the district since the budget was released Thursday seemed to embrace the document as the president’s clearest declaration yet of how he wants to reshape the federal government.
Here in Union, where thousands lost their jobs when a dozen or so textile mills closed in the 1980s and 1990s, the effects of government spending have often been hard to see. Many blame the North American Free Trade Agreement for the region’s decline, though academics disagree. No matter the cause, the void left behind has never really been filled, save perhaps by a deep suspicion of the federal government’s ability to meaningfully help.
Sitting around a table at Bantam Chef, where they regularly meet, Mr. Sinclair, 72, and his friends can still tick off the names of the shuttered operations. Government assistance that helped is harder to name, even though the city has benefited from a slew of federal grants and social programs over the years.
Mr. Sinclair worked in a mill here before spending three decades at Duke Energy. A former Democratic precinct captain and still a “card-carrying” Democrat, he voted for Mr. Trump like so many here because he was desperate to try something different.
“We haven’t gotten nothing out of the last few presidents,” he said, whether they were Republican or Democrat. Mr. Sinclair said he was not against federal programs to support things like infrastructure and education — but why not shake things up?
Phillip Lemons has watched the decline play out here for almost 20 years through the floor-to-ceiling windows of his jewelry shop on Main Street. His business has trundled along despite a 40 percent decline in sales since the 1990s, but like many here, Mr. Lemons said he had seen enough friends and family struggle to regain their footing after the textile industry collapse not to question whether some benefits on the chopping block might be best left alone.
“I think a person needs to help themselves, but there are people who have done that and you can’t just tell them we’re going to change the law and take them away,” he said.
Like Mr. Sinclair, Mr. Lemons considered Mr. Trump’s straightforward, businesslike approach a badly needed breath of fresh air. His budget, a savvy “opening salvo,” as Mr. Lemons described it, only backs up that initial assessment.
Still, Mr. Lemons had a word of caution for the president, from one businessman to another.
“I’d tell him to remember an average person,” Mr. Lemons said. “That’s something I’ve worried about from the beginning. Being so rich, how is he going to stay in touch with the average person?”
The scene could hardly have been more different in the Charlotte suburbs, where Mr. Day sat drinking a beer with his wife, Malissa, in Baxter Village, a planned community where children in ballet clothes and taekwondo robes bounced along the sidewalks on Thursday afternoon. The development sprouted up over the past two decades as Charlotte and the surrounding area emerged as a global business hub.
“I think the people need to realize that we are $20 trillion in debt, and you can’t keep spending money on programs that have shown no appreciable impact,” said Mr. Day, who goes by Chip.
Other programs, like the Environmental Protection Agency, or funded areas like the arts, public news media and foreign aid, had simply grown beyond appropriate bounds, he said.
“We have so many problems here in America, so many people who legitimately need help, why wouldn’t we try our own first?” he said.
There were specific proposals — likes cuts to medical research and some programs supporting the poor — with which he did not agree, Mr. Day said, conferring with his wife. But to get hung up on them would be to miss the larger story.
“The small stuff will fall out,” Mr. Day said. “It always does.”
Two hours south, where the district’s far corner includes Shaw Air Force Base, home to the 20th Fighter Wing, families affiliated with the base and with nearby Fort Jackson hope the big stuff — a proposed $54 billion bump to the Defense Department’s budget — will not.
As he walked with his wife though a park in Sumter, not far from the base, Harold Gonzales, who flew F-16s for two decades, said he was pleased not only that Mr. Trump had made good on his campaign pledge, but that he had proposed a budget at all after five years when sequestration had determined the armed forces spending.
More money would mean upgraded equipment with new technology, more flight time for pilots at Shaw who badly need it and a better shot at retaining top military talent. Cuts to other federal expenses, he said, would simply need to be swallowed to get American defenses where they need to be to maintain standing vis-à-vis adversaries like Russia and China.
Though that, he conceded, would require more budgeting.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — As Judge Neil M. Gorsuch prepares for his Supreme Court confirmation hearing, which starts Monday, he might want to review advice, reflections and criticism from former nominees who successfully navigated the process.
In 1981, on his first day on the job, a 26-year-old Justice Department lawyer got a high-profile assignment. The lawyer, John G. Roberts Jr., was assigned to help prepare Sandra Day O’Connor, an Arizona judge nominated to the Supreme Court by President Ronald Reagan, for her confirmation hearing. Mr. Roberts provided her with draft answers to likely questions and helped quiz her at the mock hearings — sometimes called murder boards.
In a memorandum to a supervisor, Mr. Roberts described his philosophy:
“The approach was to avoid giving specific responses to any direct questions on legal issues likely to come before the court, but demonstrating in the response a firm command of the subject area and awareness of the relevant precedents and arguments.”
He took his own advice when he was nominated to be chief justice in 2005. He showed an easy familiarity with constitutional doctrine in his hearing, effortlessly summoning the names and summarizing the details of old decisions without indicating how they would apply to new controversies. Senator Richard J. Durbin, Democrat of Illinois, declared that Chief Justice Roberts “retired the trophy” for an outstanding performance by a judicial nominee.
Then a 35-year-old law professor at the University of Chicago, Elena Kagan described the brilliant evasions that Ruth Bader Ginsburg had executed at her 1993 confirmation hearing in a 1995 book review:
 “Justice Ginsburg’s favored technique took the form of a pincer movement. When asked a specific question on a constitutional issue, Ginsburg replied that an answer might forecast a vote and thus contravene the norm of judicial impartiality. … But when asked a more general question, Ginsburg replied that a judge could deal in specifics only; abstractions, even hypotheticals, took the good judge beyond her calling.” 
“Some room may have remained in theory between these two responses; perhaps a senator could learn something about Justice Ginsburg’s legal views if he pitched his question at precisely the right level of generality. But in practice, the potential gap closed to a sliver given Ginsburg’s understanding of what counted as ‘too specific’ (roughly, anything that might have some bearing on a case that might some day come before the court) and what counted as ‘too general’ (roughly, anything else worthy of mention).”
In 2010, at her own confirmation hearing, Justice Kagan employed her own pincer movements, executed with good-natured self-awareness, to avoid answering both specific questions and general ones. Her 1995 essay had been critical of modern confirmation hearings, which she had called “a vapid and hollow charade.” At her hearing, she paid heed to another part of the essay. “The safest and surest route to the prize,” she wrote in 1995, “lay in alternating platitudinous statement and judicious silence.”
Justice Clarence Thomas’s 1991 confirmation hearing is best remembered for its second act, an examination of accusations of sexual harassment by Anita Hill, his former subordinate at the Department of Education and the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, which he ran from 1982 to 1990.
But the first stage of the hearing, which focused on his qualifications and views, was also an ordeal, Justice Thomas wrote in his 2007 memoir, “My Grandfather’s Son.” Democratic senators, he wrote, were determined to find out what he thought about Roe v. Wade, the 1973 decision that established a constitutional right to abortion, and other cases.
“Each day I left the caucus room tired, tormented and anxious. … My opponents were armed with long lists of trick questions prepared by law professors and activists; I, on the other hand, had spent most of the preceding decade running a federal agency instead of studying two centuries’ worth of Supreme Court decisions.”
 “My enemies weren’t looking for open-minded justices. All they cared about was keeping anyone off the Supreme Court who might vote to reverse Roe or water it down. As far as they were concerned, my open-mindedness was a disadvantage, not a qualification.”
A year later, Justice Thomas voted to overturn Roe. “By then I’d had ample time to study Roe in detail, and concluded that it was wrongly decided and should now be overruled,” he wrote in his memoir.
In 1959, as a 35-year-old lawyer, William H. Rehnquist was harshly critical of the Senate for its superficial questioning of a recent nominee, Justice Charles Evans Whittaker, in an article in The Harvard Law Record.
“The discussion of the new justice on the floor of the Senate succeeded in adducing only the following facts: (a) proceeds from skunk trapping in rural Kansas assisted him in obtaining his early education; (b) he was both fair and able as a judge of the lower federal courts; (c) he was the first Missourian ever appointed to the Supreme Court; (d) since he had been born in Kansas but now resided in Missouri, his nomination honored two states.”
“What could have been more important to the Senate than Mr. Justice Whittaker’s views on equal protection and due process?”
At his own first confirmation hearing in 1971, to become an associate justice, Judge Rehnquist retreated.
“I think I did not fully appreciate the difficulty of the position that the nominee is in,” he said. “I say that not entirely facetiously, because the nominee is in an extraordinarily difficult position. He cannot answer a question which would try to engage him in predictions as to what he would do on a specific fact situation or a particular doctrine after it reaches the court.”
Chief Justice Rehnquist, who died in 2005, took much the same approach at his 1986 confirmation hearing to become chief justice. “I really had no idea what the problems confronting a nominee were then,” he said of his 1959 article.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — When it comes to the Supreme Court nomination of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, Senate Democrats appear to have two options: Get out of the way or get run over.
Senate Republicans’ enthusiastic backing of President Trump’s nominee ensures majority support even before the confirmation hearing begins Monday. But the Republicans also hope that enough Democrats are won over by Judge Gorsuch — or recognize the inevitability of his confirmation — that they join in efforts to head off an explosive showdown over a filibuster.
Should Democrats ultimately deny the judge the necessary backing to clear the way for an up-or-down vote, Republicans seem more than ready to take the potentially volatile procedural steps to eliminate the 60-vote threshold on high court picks and summarily install him over Democratic objections. In either case, Judge Gorsuch winds up on the Supreme Court, filling the vacancy created by Justice Antonin Scalia’s death in February 2016.
That ending will be hard to swallow for many Democrats and their activist allies, considering Senate Republicans completely stonewalled the nomination of Judge Merrick B. Garland made by President Barack Obama almost exactly one year ago, on March 16, 2016. They are not yet ready to concede that outcome.
“You are assuming, number one, that he will sail through the confirmation hearing, which may happen,” said Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut, a member of the Judiciary Committee who, like other Democrats, has been aggressive in raising questions about the nominee’s conservatism and business-friendly rulings. “But in this very unpredictable and unconventional year, we are learning stuff that we never thought likely or even imagined.”
Democrats are approaching the hearing with multiple goals. First, they want to assess the nominee’s willingness and ability to stand up to Mr. Trump, given their expectation that issues such as the administration’s executive order on immigration will end up before the high court.
Second, they intend to press Judge Gorsuch to provide more detailed answers on fundamental constitutional issues than they say he was willing to provide in private meetings. Expect, for instance, to hear queries such as whether a law barring Muslims from entering the United States would be constitutional.
“What many of these judges, nominees from the hard right, have done in the last decade is simply said, ‘I’m not going to answer the question,’” said Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the leader of the Senate Democrats.
He said he would consider such an approach by Judge Gorsuch a case of “hiding his views” from the public. “It is required, in my judgment, for them to lay out their views before they take such a powerful position,” Mr. Schumer said.
Democrats have another reason to emphasize any refusal by Judge Gorsuch to give unrestrained answers. They hope to be able to persuade at least a few Republicans that legitimate reasons beyond politics exist for objecting to the nominee, possibly dissuading them from joining any leadership move to eliminate the judicial filibuster if it comes to that.
Republicans are all in on Judge Gorsuch. And they anticipate that at least eight Democrats — led by those facing re-election in 10 states won by Mr. Trump — will eventually succumb to his appeal or intense political pressure to get on board.
“Judge Gorsuch deserves fair consideration by those who serve in this body, and he deserves an up-or-down vote here on the Senate floor,” said Senator Jeff L. Flake, an Arizona Republican who showed some discomfort with his party’s treatment of Judge Garland. “He should be confirmed overwhelmingly, and I am confident that he will be.”
Multiple Senate Republicans, starting with Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, have made it very clear they intend to see Judge Gorsuch on the Supreme Court and will do what they must to make that a reality. That is a not-so-subtle way of saying they will change Senate procedure to overcome a filibuster. They believe such a move is eminently justifiable, given that Senate Democrats did so in 2013 to eliminate the 60-vote filibuster against nominees except those for the Supreme Court.
Some Democrats believe that Republicans are posturing in an effort to intimidate the opposition and don’t yet have the votes to end the filibuster. They also worry their party could face a severe political reprisal from its energized liberal backers if they do not do whatever they can to oppose Judge Gorsuch no matter the consequences.
Other Democrats privately take a different view. They say the party shouldn’t test the limits on the Gorsuch nomination since his approval won’t change the ideological makeup of the court from when Justice Scalia served. They believe Democrats should hold their fire in the expectation of another vacancy. Then, if Mr. Trump goes with a staunch conservative, dig in against that person and argue that Republicans are instituting a partisan rules change to drastically reshape the court.
Mr. Blumenthal, for one, isn’t convinced by that argument.
“My personal view is that every seat on the Supreme Court is as important as every other,” said Mr. Blumenthal, who has pledged to use every tool available, including a filibuster, to hold up Judge Gorsuch’s nomination if his hearing answers don’t prove satisfactory. “We have a shot at defeating him if we hold our folks together and if they decline to blow up the Senate.”
Republicans say it is the Democrats who will be blowing up the Senate if they choose to block an up-or-down vote on a man Republicans consider superbly qualified. They say Democrats can lose one way or the other, but they will lose.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Russia’s campaign to disrupt last year’s presidential election has spawned a tangle of inquiries with competing agendas and timetables, and with little agreement on the most important things that should be investigated.
Staff members for the Senate Intelligence Committee have spent weeks poring over raw intelligence that led the Obama administration to conclude that Russia meddled in the election, but they have yet to be given any access to far more politically charged information — evidence of contacts between Russians and associates of President Trump.
The House Intelligence Committee is conducting its own investigation of issues surrounding Mr. Trump and Russia, but the committee’s Republican chairman has said a top priority is to unmask whoever is speaking to journalists about classified information. Democrats on the committee hope the investigation can force a disclosure of the president’s tax returns.
The progress of these congressional inquiries depends at least in part on a third investigation by the F.B.I., in which counterintelligence agents have been scrutinizing past contacts between Russian officials and Mr. Trump’s aides. Officials say the F.B.I. effort will probably take many months or even years, however eager Congress might be for quick answers.
And, while the F.B.I. conducts its investigation in secrecy, the White House insists publicly that there is nothing to investigate.
“It puts us in a very difficult position,” said Frank Montoya Jr., a former F.B.I. agent who served as the government’s senior counterintelligence official and retired last year. “We are pushed and pulled by Congress, and then having to address the concerns of the White House and Justice Department.”
The overlapping investigations have, in some cases, already been plagued by partisan sniping and misdirection by Mr. Trump, raising questions about whether there can ever be a full public accounting of the scope of Russia’s campaign to influence the election in November.
Monday will bring the first public intelligence committee hearing on Russia since then, when the F.B.I. director, James B. Comey, and the director of the National Security Agency, Michael S. Rogers, will testify before the House panel. But in a sign of how convoluted Russian matters have become, their testimony is most anticipated not for what they will say about their investigation, but for whether they will publicly deny Mr. Trump’s claim that Trump Tower had been wiretapped during the campaign, for which he has cited no evidence.
The wiretapping claim shows how easy it is — when all the answers are cloaked in secrecy — to send investigators in different directions and muddy the conversation.
Representative Jackie Speier, a California Democrat who sits on the House Intelligence Committee, lamented that lawmakers had spent “weeks not talking about Russia, and instead talking about whether he was wiretapped.”
Congressional leaders have not indicated how they envision their inquiries ending, and so far they are still seeking common ground on how to begin.
“It is a very different time,” said Senator Ron Wyden, Democrat of Oregon and a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee. He contrasted the Russia inquiries with investigations into the Watergate break-in or abuses by intelligence agencies, which were bipartisan efforts that operated on a clear track.
Mr. Wyden was hesitant to lay out a specific timeline for the Senate investigation. “That’s the way to really lose credibility,” he said. “I think you let the facts drive the answer to that.”
Representatives Devin Nunes, Republican of California and the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, and Adam B. Schiff, Democrat of California and the committee’s ranking member, have made a point of appearing publicly in sync on the Russia investigation, despite their sharp political differences. Both believe that the House investigation is vital, but for different reasons: Mr. Nunes’s primary concern so far has been leaks of classified information, whereas Mr. Schiff has tried to keep the focus on Russian meddling. He has also had to manage other Democrats who want to prioritize digging into Mr. Trump’s ties to Russia and who have called for the committee to subpoena the president’s tax returns.
As for the F.B.I., American officials said there was no sign that the bureau’s work might end anytime soon. Counterintelligence investigations can last for years, and they rarely become public or lead to criminal charges. Agents and analysts, working with their counterparts at the C.I.A. and other intelligence agencies, are still trying to figure out the scope of Russian intelligence operations related to the election, including who was involved and how to prevent a repeat.
Exploring any connections between Mr. Trump’s associates and Russians, officials say, is only one aspect. Unlike the criminal cases the F.B.I. investigates — from financial crimes to mafia grifting — the bureau in counterintelligence cases focuses less on “solving” a case than on better understanding the nature of intelligence activity.
“There is a lot of smoke, but the million-dollar question is whether we can prove what essentially comes down to a criminal violation,” said Mr. Montoya, who handled the fallout from the disclosures by Edward J. Snowden, the former National Security Agency contractor. “If there are smoking guns out there, it’s likely going to take a human being to say what has happened. Because it is a counterintelligence investigation, it can just go on and on.”
Even then, agents may not be able to answer one of the central questions swirling in the Washington maelstrom: whether anyone from the Trump campaign colluded with Moscow to influence the election.
American officials say they have so far found no proof of that. But current and former officials say they uncovered evidence that Mr. Trump’s associates were in repeated contact with Russian officials and others close to President Vladimir V. Putin — including people tied to Russian intelligence.
In recent weeks, it emerged that Roger J. Stone Jr., a longtime adviser to Mr. Trump, had communicated with Guccifer 2.0, the online persona believed to be a front for Russian intelligence officials involved in disseminating emails stolen from the Democratic National Committee. Mr. Stone has denied there was anything improper about the contact, and he was one of many, including political operatives and journalists, to communicate with the hackers.
Michael T. Flynn, a Trump campaign adviser who went on to be his national security adviser, was paid more than $65,000 by companies linked to Russia in 2015, according to congressional investigators. Mr. Flynn was forced to resign after misrepresenting his conversations with the Russian ambassador to the United States.
Last July, the same month that WikiLeaks began releasing the hacked emails from the Democratic committee, Carter Page, a foreign policy adviser to Mr. Trump, visited Moscow for a speaking engagement. Mr. Page has declined to say whom he met there, but has said they were mostly scholars.
American intelligence agencies also intercepted communications of Russian officials, some of them within the Kremlin, in which they discussed their contacts with Trump associates. Foreign allies last year began providing the United States with intelligence indicating possible meetings between Russian officials and associates of Mr. Trump. It is not clear if American intelligence has confirmed whether those meetings actually took place.
Even if the F.B.I. unearths evidence that a Trump associate had colluded with Russia in the presidential election, finding a way to use the information in court would be very difficult. American intelligence agencies would fiercely resist disclosing how they had obtained their information.
“It’s very unusual to be involved in something that ends up in an arrest,” said Christopher Lynch, a former F.B.I. and C.I.A. counterintelligence analyst. “We may know what happens but not be able to do anything about it.”
Former agents have stories of cases that broke surprisingly after long stretches with no developments. But those cases did not require giving updates to Congress and the American people.
“This is unprecedented,” Mr. Montoya said. “When is the last time we had to work on a counterintelligence matter that’s so public?”



ARTICLE
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. — The Secret Service detained a man late on Saturday after he drove his car up to a checkpoint near the White House and said he had a bomb, according to the police, an episode that resulted in his arrest and in security on the grounds being beefed up.
President Trump, who was spending the weekend at his estate in Palm Beach, Fla., was not in the White House at the time, but the Secret Service increased its “posture of readiness” in response to the episode, a spokesman said.
The intrusion came just days after a man made his way onto the White House grounds while Mr. Trump was inside. The intruder in that episode roamed the grounds undetected for about 17 minutes as Secret Service agents failed to respond to several alarms.
In Saturday’s episode, the intruder stopped his car at the White House checkpoint just after 11 p.m. and got out, declaring, “There’s a bomb in the trunk,” as he appeared to clasp something in his hand, according to a report issued by the Metropolitan Police Department.
“This is a test,” the man said as a Secret Service officer detained him and took him to the ground, according to the report.
The man was charged with making false bomb threats and the unauthorized use of a vehicle, which had been reported stolen, the report said. The police identified him as Sean Patrick Keoughan, 29, of Roanoke, Va.
Earlier on Saturday, another man was arrested after jumping over bicycle-rack-style barricades into a restricted area outside the White House fence on Pennsylvania Avenue, where he stood “yelling nonsensical statements,” according to a police report. The police identified him as William Bryant Rawlinson, 58, of Silver Spring, Md.
Neither episode was as serious as the one on March 10, in which Jonathan Tuan-Anh Tran, 26, of Milpitas, Calif., breached the outer perimeter of the White House near the Treasury building, the authorities said.
At the time, Mr. Tran was carrying a backpack with two cans of pepper spray, a book by Mr. Trump, a letter to the president and other items, the authorities said. He was able to elude multiple layers of security before being stopped near the entrance at the South Portico.
That episode prompted Representative Jason Chaffetz, Republican of Utah and the chairman of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, to suggest that the Secret Service’s security measures were still inadequate two and a half years after a series of lapses tarred the agency and led to a major upheaval.
Mr. Tran’s ability to remain uncaught for so long recalled an embarrassing episode for the Secret Service in September 2014 in which Omar J. Gonzalez, a fence jumper armed with a knife, managed to run through the ceremonial East Room of the White House before being apprehended.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — She is a female trailblazer in a Senate where women remain a minority, a formal and wealthy institutionalist from one of the nation’s most liberal states whose partisanship is at times eclipsed by propriety.
He is a plain-spoken Midwesterner who has long prided himself on his tough-mindedness with officials from both parties in Washington and a compulsive availability to voters back home, with a reputation for thrift perhaps best validated by his habit of cutting the engine on his car as he rolls it into the Senate garage, just to save on gas.
What neither Senator Dianne Feinstein, Democrat of California, nor Senator Charles E. Grassley, Republican of Iowa, has is a law degree. Yet as the highest-ranking Democrat and the chairman on the Senate Judiciary Committee, they will preside over the hearings on Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, President Trump’s nominee for the Supreme Court, that begin on Monday.
Ms. Feinstein and Mr. Grassley, both 83, will face tremendous pressure from their respective parties to deliver a vindication of their views not just of Judge Gorsuch’s worthiness to serve on the court but also of the process leading him there.
Liberal activists remain bitter about Mr. Grassley’s role in preventing even a beginning to the confirmation process of Judge Merrick B. Garland, President Barack Obama’s nominee for the Supreme Court vacancy left by the death of Justice Antonin Scalia more than a year ago.
Many are looking to Ms. Feinstein — the first woman to serve on the committee and the Senate’s most senior woman — to shoulder the weight of that political burden, and to rigorously challenge Judge Gorsuch on his constitutional views.
“This is an important process that needs to be carried out with the kind of dignity and perseverance that it warrants,” Ms. Feinstein said. “Because this is so pivotal, as the decisive vote on the court, this is a huge responsibility. This is complicated by what came before, which was the Republican treatment of Merrick Garland, which I found very disagreeable and unprecedented.”
Mr. Grassley’s role is strategically and procedurally easier: It is up to him to make Judge Gorsuch’s week on Capitol Hill painless even in the face of tough questioning from Democrats on the committee.
“His approach to the hearing will likely mirror what we have seen in recent weeks back here,” Matt Strawn, a former chairman of Iowa’s Republican Party, said of Mr. Grassley. “He has given Iowans every opportunity to weigh in on town hall meetings. There is a reason he is our longest-serving public servant here because he listens and is respectful even if he disagrees with someone.”
Mr. Grassley has been a strong defender of the most conservative of the 13 nominees he has voted for, but he also helped approve Stephen G. Breyer and Ruth Bader Ginsburg under President Bill Clinton. Ms. Feinstein has never voted for a Republican nominee.
Mr. Grassley’s reputation for independence took a hit when he instantly went along with Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, to block Judge Garland from even a single hearing last year.
“I’m not sensitive talking about it,” Mr. Grassley said. “I had to defend my position — I had to defend it up to my election.”
He added that he believed it was appropriate to wait for a new president to approve a new Supreme Court nominee, saying, “I would do the same thing in 2020.”
But both senators, who express respect for each other, have a reputation for a seriousness that transcends party politics, an increasingly rare trait in the modern Congress. They are the leaders of a caucus dedicated to combating the narcotics trade.
“These days there are immense party pressures that will push Chuck, that will push Dianne,” said former Senator Max Baucus, a Democrat of Montana who served as a chairman with Mr. Grassley on the Senate Finance Committee. “But they will both try to do the right thing.”
Mr. Grassley, who was first elected to the Senate in 1980, has served on the Judiciary Committee for his entire tenure. He has concerned himself principally with victims’ rights, civil asset forfeiture and justice for older people. Long an opponent of criminal justice reform, he has evolved toward modest changes in recent years.
He is a fierce advocate for all things Iowa and tends to bring that sensibility to policy debates, rushing home on weekends to spend time with voters. His Twitter account (search for “assume deer dead”) is among the most followed on Capitol Hill for its folksy charm. He is a tireless worker — beginning most days with a predawn jog — and a mentor to younger members. Mr. Baucus said they would meet weekly when they served on the Finance Committee together, promoting a sense of bipartisanship.
Mr. McConnell said of Mr. Grassley, “This a man who commands respect from both Democrats and Republicans.” He added, “We’ll see that on display next week.”
Ms. Feinstein was elected to the Senate in 1992, in the wake of the Clarence Thomas hearings, which underscored the maleness of the Judiciary Committee. Joseph R. Biden Jr., then a senator, asked Ms. Feinstein and Senator Carol Moseley Braun of Illinois to be barrier breakers on the panel. “I took that to be a very big honor,” Ms. Feinstein said.
Ms. Feinstein’s particular place among senior female senators can be viewed at times through the prism of the issues she champions. During a debate over language concerning abortion in a 2015 human trafficking bill, Ms. Feinstein took to the Senate floor to extemporaneously and passionately explain her position. Saying that women had experienced “loss after loss” on abortion rights, she said, “I am old enough to have seen the way it was before, to have sentenced women who committed illegal abortions with coat hangers.”
Her position can also be seen when she feels the sting of condescension.
In 2013, during a hearing on gun control, she famously sparred with Senator Ted Cruz, Republican of Texas, as he lectured her about the Constitution. “I’m not a sixth grader, senator,” she told Mr. Cruz, then a Senate newcomer. “I’ve been on this committee for 20 years.”
Former Representative Ellen Tauscher, Democrat of California and a longtime friend of Ms. Feinstein’s, said, “I do think that women do quickly calibrate where we are going to find a navigation problem.”
She added, “She is now the senior woman senator, and she takes that very seriously.”
Mr. Grassley sees his role similarly and does not consider the absence of a law degree an inherent liability.
“I don’t know the nuances of everything that lawyers talk about,” he said. “But I do think you pick up an appreciation for the law and how to approach the law and some vague understanding of constitutional law.”
He added, “I’d probably feel more comfortable if I were a lawyer, but I am telling you, as a farmer, I feel comfortable.”
Ms. Feinstein has been spending weekends poring over thick binders of Judge Gorsuch’s decisions, discussing them with her daughter, a retired Superior Court judge. “I think I have a good sense of him,” the senator said.
Mr. Grassley said he had relied more on staff briefings and secondary sources about Judge Gorsuch’s record. “The guy is so precise,” he said. “I suppose because he’s an intellect and partly because it’s legal and me not being a lawyer, I found looking at some of his cases kind of difficult to get through.”
Ms. Feinstein said she appreciated Mr. Grassley’s candor. “He tells you exactly what he thinks,” she said. “Some people are full of artifice, and you never get to what they think. Also, he is a very good man.”



ARTICLE
Roger J. Stone Jr., an informal adviser to President Trump, has been asked by the Senate Intelligence Committee to preserve any records he may have in connection to a broader inquiry into Russian attempts to interfere with United States elections.
The letter sent to Mr. Stone, a copy of which was obtained by The New York Times, represents the first public indication of the scope of the committee’s inquiry, and possible connections to Mr. Trump’s campaign.
The Senate committee asked Mr. Stone, who is also under scrutiny from other federal investigators, to “preserve and retain all hard copies and electronically stored information as specified below in furtherance of the committee’s ongoing investigation into Russian actions targeting the 2016 U.S. elections and democratic processes globally.”
Mr. Stone confirmed the existence of the letter, which was dated Feb. 17. However, he said he had received it only on Friday, by email. Mr. Stone has acknowledged trading messages over Twitter with Guccifer 2.0, the online persona that officials believe was actually Russian intelligence officers.
The letter to Mr. Stone was signed by the committee’s chairman, Senator Richard M. Burr, Republican of North Carolina, and its ranking Democrat, Senator Mark Warner of Virginia. Press officers for Mr. Burr and Mr. Warner declined to comment on the letter.
Democrats and some investigators, as well as some Republicans, have been watching Mr. Stone, a Richard M. Nixon acolyte and self-described “dirty trickster,” more closely since he posted on Twitter in August 2016 about John D. Podesta, Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman, whose private emails were hacked and provided to WikiLeaks.
Mr. Stone said on Twitter that Mr. Podesta would soon face his “time in the barrel,” two months before the emails were made public. Mr. Stone maintained that he was alluding to business activities he attributed to Mr. Podesta, not prior knowledge of the hackings.
Mr. Stone said he is eager to provide the committee with information.
“I am anxious to rebut allegations that I had any improper or nefarious contact with any agent of the Russian state based on facts, not misleading and salacious headlines,” he said, adding, “I am willing to appear voluntarily if the committee isn’t looking for the headline of issuing a subpoena.”
Mr. Stone, who has strenuously denied the allegations for months, has retained two lawyers to assist with his response to the inquiry, as well as in the hope of pushing federal investigators to either make their information public or say that no case exists.
“The intelligence agencies pushing this false Russian narrative through a series of illegal leaks have hurt my ability to make a living and are soiling my reputation,” he said. “The government is in possession of no evidence whatsoever that shows that I colluded with the Russian state.”
Mr. Stone has also been critical of the investigation into Mr. Trump’s unproven assertion that President Barack Obama wiretapped his phones during the presidential campaign, even challenging the truthfulness of James B. Comey, the F.B.I. director.
Mr. Stone has said any contact he had with Russians represented only surface-level exchanges with no broader import.
In 2016, Mr. Stone said at a public event that he had been in communication with Julian Assange, the founder of WikiLeaks, and suggested they had a large collection of material to publish on Mrs. Clinton and her husband, Bill, in the weeks before Election Day. Mr. Stone later clarified that it was through an intermediary and, he said, “perfectly legal.”
In February 2016, the Smoking Gun website approached Mr. Stone about private messages exchanged on Twitter with Guccifer 2.0. Mr. Stone, who initially told the site that he did not recall the messages, later sent captured shots of the brief exchange to The Washington Times, describing them as “innocuous.”
He also pointed out that the messages were sent well after the hacked Democratic National Committee emails were made public. He would have “needed a time machine to have colluded,” he said. In an interview this week, CBS News asked Mr. Stone about 16 interactions with Guccifer 2.0, which Mr. Stone told The New York Times included public Twitter posts and private messages, and he maintained that they were all part of “exchanges,” as opposed to separate contacts.
Mr. Stone, who believes his communications were monitored by intelligence officials, based on published reports, maintained that he had “released the only exchanges” with Guccifer 2.0, saying the contacts were so “benign” that he had forgotten about them. He also does not fully accept American intelligence information indicating that Guccifer 2.0 is a front for Russian intelligence officers.
“I had never heard allegations that Guccifer 2.0 was a Russian asset until now, and am not certain it’s correct,” Mr. Stone said. He pointed out that he wrote a piece for Breitbart, a conservative website, on Aug. 5, nine days before the message exchange.
“I’m just an available foil,” he said.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The House bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act faced an uncertain fate on Wednesday as conservative Republicans pushed to eliminate federal requirements that health insurance plans provide certain benefits to consumers.
House Republican leaders met with members of their party late into the night on Wednesday as they struggled to muster support for the bill, scheduled for a vote on the House floor on Thursday.
President Trump, Vice President Mike Pence and the House speaker, Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin, worked through the day to placate conservative House Republicans who said that the bill did not do enough to lower health insurance costs by reducing federal regulations. The legislation would roll back major provisions of the Affordable Care Act, a significantpillar of President Barack Obama’s legacy.
But in trying to satisfy conservatives, the Trump administration and House Republican leaders risked jeopardizing support for the bill among more moderate Republicans. On the eve of the crucial vote, party leaders appeared to be short of a majority and were working into the night to whip their members into line.
Representative Mark Meadows, Republican of North Carolina and the chairman of the conservative House Freedom Caucus, expressed optimism on Wednesday night that talks with Republican leaders would lead to revisions to the bill.
“We’re encouraged tonight, just based on the real willingness of not only the White House, but our leadership, to make this bill better,” Mr. Meadows said, crediting the personal involvement of Mr. Trump and Mr. Pence.
But Representative Charlie Dent, Republican of Pennsylvania and a leader of a moderate bloc of lawmakers known as the Tuesday Group, said late Wednesday night that he would oppose the bill.
“I believe this bill, in its current form, will lead to the loss of coverage and make insurance unaffordable for too many Americans, particularly for low-to-moderate income and older individuals,” Mr. Dent said.
And the powerful conservative network funded by the billionaire brothers Charles and David Koch issued a direct challenge to the president and said that it would provide financial support to members who voted against the plan.
“We will stand with lawmakers who keep their promise and oppose this legislation,” said James Davis, executive vice president of Freedom Partners, the umbrella organization responsible for the Koch brothers’ political efforts.
About two dozen conservative Republicans, including Freedom Caucus members, met Wednesday with top administration officials, including Mr. Pence and Kellyanne Conway, a senior adviser to Mr. Trump.
“I don’t think they changed any minds,” Representative Randy Weber, Republican of Texas, said after the meeting.
The tenacity and persistence of the conservatives appeared to give them outsize influence as Mr. Ryan struggled to round up votes for the repeal bill, which faces solid opposition from House Democrats. Supporters of their bill have put their faith in Mr. Trump, whose young presidency could be badly damaged by a public and consequential loss.
“When the president calls someone and says, ‘I need your vote on this,’ it’s very hard to say no to the president of the United States when this torpedoes our entire conference, Trump’s entire presidency, and we end up losing the Senate next year and we lose members in the House,” said Representative Chris Collins, Republican of New York and a top Trump supporter in the House.
But conservative opposition was over substance, not politics. Conservatives are upset over the failure of the House bill to repeal a set of regulations in Mr. Obama’s signature health law, which require insurers to cover a base set of benefits, like maternity care, preventive services, wellness checkups and rehabilitative services. These “essential health benefits” raise the cost of insurance and prevent companies from offering stripped-down options, the conservatives say.
“How can you talk about repealing the Affordable Care Act, Obamacare, without repealing the essential health benefits?” asked Representative Scott Perry, a Pennsylvania Republican who attended the meeting with Mr. Pence.
Republican leaders say that if the House makes such changes to the bill, it could imperil their ability to push the legislation through the Senate using expedited procedures that neutralize the threat of a filibuster.
Representative Mike Simpson, Republican of Idaho, likened the swirling cloud of uncertainty to the situation in November 2003, when the House approved a bill adding prescription drug benefits to Medicare after a roll-call vote that lasted nearly three hours in the middle of the night. The bill passed, 220 to 215, after House Republican leaders put down a conservative rebellion.
“It’s tough to pass controversial things, especially when Republicans have different ideas,” Mr. Simpson said. Eventually, he predicted, House leaders will get the votes they need, though they may need to tweak the repeal bill.
Representative Scott DesJarlais, Republican of Tennessee, said the administration tried to sell the House bill, known as the American Health Care Act, by arguing that it could be improved later in the Senate. But House members rarely relish handing their political fate to the other chamber.
“I am more skeptical,” Mr. DesJarlais said. “I like to see what I’m going to get when I vote for it, not promises that I get later.”
Asked if supporters of the bill had the votes to pass it in the House, Mr. DesJarlais said, “I don’t think they do.”
A spokeswoman for the Freedom Caucus, Alyssa Farah, said that more than 25 members of the caucus were “no” votes on the health care measure — enough to sink the bill in the House, though that count could not be independently verified.
Representative Andy Harris, Republican of Maryland, said that despite recent changes to the health care bill, he was unable to vote for it.
“This legislation simply won’t lower premiums as much as the American people need, and lowering the cost of coverage is my primary goal,” said Mr. Harris, an anesthesiologist and member of the Freedom Caucus.
House leaders were also contending with opposition from more moderate Republicans worried about the toll that the health bill could take in their districts. Representative Dan Donovan of New York, who attended a meeting at the White House with Mr. Trump on Tuesday, said Wednesday that he would vote against the bill.
“Recognizing that the status quo is failing isn’t, on its own, a compelling reason to vote ‘yes’ on the current replacement plan,” said Mr. Donovan, the only Republican House member from New York City.
Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said he was sure the House would pass the repeal bill. “Slowly but surely we’re getting there,” he said. “There is no Plan B. There’s Plan A and Plan A. We’re going to get this done.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — In his final day of questioning at his Supreme Court confirmation hearings, Judge Neil M. Gorsuch continued to answer with practiced generalities on Wednesday, frustrating Democrats who seemed unable to rattle him or pin him down.
“You have been very much able to avoid any specificity like no one I have seen before,” said Senator Dianne Feinstein, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee. “And maybe that’s a virtue, I don’t know. But for us on this side, knowing where you stand on major questions of the day is really important to a vote.”
Senator Richard J. Durbin, Democrat of Illinois, said he was searching to find “a beating heart and an independent streak” behind Judge Gorsuch’s testimony.
After trying over a span of 20 hours over two days, Democrats were not able to move Judge Gorsuch off script. Instead, interest in the hearing seemed to wane, and many in the Capitol came to view a confirmation as inevitable.
Judge Gorsuch managed to endure as much by what he did not say as by what he did.
Most Supreme Court nominees are fairly reticent, but Democrats said Judge Gorsuch outdid the last two Republican appointees, Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. and Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. They gave their views on seminal Supreme Court decisions, said Senator Patrick Leahy, Democrat of Vermont.
“We’ve had justices nominated by Republican presidents who have been willing to discuss past precedent,” Mr. Leahy said. “I was just kind of hoping you would be as transparent as these prior nominees were.”
The Supreme Court gave Senate Democrats a small gift on Wednesday, issuing a unanimous decision in a case on students with disabilities that rejected the approach Judge Gorsuch had taken in a different case.
The relationship between the two decisions was indirect, and Judge Gorsuch said he had merely followed precedent. But Democrats welcomed the opportunity to elicit answers from Judge Gorsuch about a specific Supreme Court decision, and they returned to the topic repeatedly.
At other points, senators probed Judge Gorsuch’s general judicial philosophy, notably his commitment to originalism, which tries to interpret the Constitution consistently with the understanding of those who drafted and adopted it.
“It’s selective originalism,” Senator Amy Klobuchar, Democrat of Minnesota, said of the nominee’s approach, accusing him of relying on “nonoriginalist judges to get to the outcome” in some preferred cases.
In a speech last year, Judge Gorsuch said judges should “apply the law as it is, focusing backward, not forward, and looking to text, structure and history to decide what a reasonable reader at the time of the events in question would have understood the law to be — not to decide cases based on their own moral convictions or the policy consequences they believe might serve society best.”
Ms. Feinstein asked where that approach left women and gays given the understanding of the 14th Amendment’s equal protection clause when it was ratified in 1868. Judge Gorsuch responded that he would respect precedents providing for constitutional protections for those and other groups. He later said he would do so even if the precedents had not themselves used an originalist approach to interpreting the Constitution.
Judge Gorsuch added that the intentions of those who adopted the amendment were irrelevant.
“It matters not a whit that some of the drafters of the 14th Amendment were racists,” he said. “Because they were. Or sexists, because they were. The law they drafted promises equal protection of the laws to all persons. That’s what they wrote.”
“No one is looking to return us to horse and buggy days,” he said. Later, he added, “Backward doesn’t mean backwards.”
Even attempts to saddle Judge Gorsuch with President Trump’s baggage, including the president’s attacks on the judiciary, yielded little. Senator Ted Cruz, Republican of Texas, suggested that his Democratic colleagues were being hypocritical, citing their own criticisms of Judge Gorsuch.
“It’s a little rich for them to be maligning a sitting federal judge,” Mr. Cruz said, “and at the same time giving speeches about how unacceptable it is for anyone to criticize a federal judge.”
The closest Judge Gorsuch came to embracing Mr. Trump was perhaps the inadvertent deployment of a curious adverb — “bigly” — often associated with the president. (Mr. Trump has said he is merely saying “big league.”)
“I just won five bucks,” Senator Ben Sasse, Republican of Nebraska, told the judge.
More often, Democrats sought to draw attention to bigger money in politics.
Senator Sheldon Whitehouse, Democrat of Rhode Island, argued that just as agencies could sometimes be captive to the industries they regulate, there was a danger that the Supreme Court could be captured by business interests.
“Nobody will capture me,” Judge Gorsuch responded.
Ms. Feinstein pressed Judge Gorsuch about a document concerning torture from his time as a senior Justice Department official in 2005 and 2006. It was a set of questions about the C.I.A. program, including: “Have the aggressive interrogation techniques employed by the administration yielded any valuable intelligence? Have they ever stopped a terrorist incident? Examples?” In the margin next to this, Judge Gorsuch had scribbled, “Yes.”
Ms. Feinstein, who was the chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee when it conducted an investigation into the Bush-era torture program that concluded otherwise — asked Judge Gorsuch what information he had received that led him to write “yes.”
He replied: “My recollection of 12 years ago is that that was the position that the clients were telling us. I was a lawyer. My job was as an advocate, and we were dealing with the detainee litigation. That was my job.”
Democratic senators, who had tried largely in vain to find a line of attack that sticks against Judge Gorsuch, appeared to sense an opening of sorts in Wednesday’s Supreme Court decision.
Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, quickly declared his intention to make an issue of the ruling.
“President Trump’s Supreme Court nominee, Judge Neil Gorsuch, was unanimously rebuked today by the Supreme Court,” Mr. Schumer said, saying the case reinforced “a continued, troubling pattern of Judge Gorsuch deciding against everyday Americans — even children who require special assistance at school.”
Republican aides responded with talking points that Judge Gorsuch was not on the panel in the case and did not invent the relevant legal test. He was merely following binding precedent, they said.
Judge Gorsuch’s opinion for a unanimous three-judge panel came in a ruling against an autistic student whose parents sought reimbursement for his education under a federal law, the Individuals with Disability Education Act.
On Wednesday, Judge Gorsuch said he had merely applied a standard set out in a Supreme Court decision as interpreted by an earlier decision of his court, the United States Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit in Denver.
At about the same time Judge Gorsuch was speaking, the Supreme Court handed down a unanimous decision saying the 10th Circuit had been wrong. All that was required from public school systems, the 10th Circuit had said, was a “more than de minimis” benefit.
Writing for the Supreme Court, Chief Justice Roberts. disagreed. “When all is said and done, a student offered an educational program providing ‘merely more than de minimis’ progress from year to year can hardly be said to have been offered an education at all.”
Asked about the Supreme Court decision later on Wednesday, Judge Gorsuch said he had been bound by precedent in the opinion he had written.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump’s second pick to lead the Labor Department told senators on Wednesday that he would not allow partisan political considerations or conservative ideologues to shape his department, pushing back against accusations by Democrats that he had looked away as subordinates at the Justice Department stacked his office with ideological allies during the George W. Bush administration.
R. Alexander Acosta, the nominee for labor secretary, also defended his decision as the United States attorney in Southern Florida to offer a lenient plea deal to a wealthy New Yorker accused of paying underage girls for sexual acts.
For nearly three hours in front of the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee, Mr. Acosta, 48, defended his record, explained how he might deal with budget cuts to the department and dismissed the concerns of several senators who asked how he would avoid any pressure from the president to pass policies based on politics and not on the best interest of workers. Mr. Acosta, who would be the only Hispanic in Mr. Trump’s cabinet, promised not to evaluate workers based on their political leanings.
“If confirmed, I will work to enforce the laws under the department’s jurisdiction fully and fairly,” Mr. Acosta said in his opening pitch to senators. “As a former prosecutor, I will always be on the side of the law and not any particular constituency.”
Mr. Acosta, the dean of Florida International University’s law school, was nominated after the president’s first choice for labor secretary, the fast-food executive Andrew F. Puzder, withdrew from consideration after coming under fire for past labor practices and domestic abuse allegations. Mr. Acosta, a former prosecutor from Miami who headed the Justice Department’s civil rights division, appeared to be a far less contentious choice.
But Democratic senators did not go easy on him. Senator Patty Murray of Washington, the ranking Democrat on the committee, wanted more details on his promise not to politicize the department.
“I expect our next secretary of labor to be someone who can withstand inappropriate political pressure, and prioritize workers and the mission of the Labor Department over, hypothetically speaking, President Trump’s business associates or Steve Bannon’s frightening ideology,” she said, referring to the senior White House adviser.
She and other Democrats pointed to a 2008 report by the Justice Department’s in-house investigator, which found that under Mr. Acosta his office had violated federal law and department policies by weighing political affiliations in hiring and assessing employees.
Mr. Acosta acknowledged that the violations had happened on his watch but said that the report laid most of the blame on a subordinate, Bradley Schlozman.
“Political views in the hiring of career attorneys and staff should not be used,” Mr. Acosta said. “If I am asked to do that, I will not allow it.”
Mr. Acosta had a lengthy discussion with Senator Tim Kaine, Democrat of Virginia, on what critics said was the lenient plea deal given to Jeffrey E. Epstein, a wealthy financier accused of paying underage girls for sexual massages. Mr. Acosta defended the deal and said it was offered based on the evidence. Mr. Epstein, he noted, was required to register as a sex offender.
Mr. Acosta also seemed to question Mr. Trump’s proposal to cut the Labor Department’s budget by 21 percent, saying he opposed across-the-board cuts as well as targeting specific programs.
“The principle that needs to be used to guide the spending is, ‘How successful is the program?’” Mr. Acosta said.
He pledged to consult with local officials before making cuts to the department. He added that he hoped to help Americans “find good jobs, safe jobs.”
Most of the confirmation hearing was given to senators’ interrogating Mr. Acosta about how much of Mr. Trump’s agenda he would back and how he would help fulfill the president’s promises to create jobs and stop companies from moving jobs overseas.
Mr. Trump “ran for president saying he was going to make that huge difference — he was going to bring jobs back,” said Senator Michael Bennet, Democrat of Colorado. “What’s the plan?”
Mr. Acosta answered that he would work with other agencies, like the Department of Education, in carrying out the president’s executive order directing department heads to review regulations.
Two Republican senators, Marco Rubio of Florida and Ted Cruz of Texas, both Cuban-Americans, like Mr. Acosta, introduced and praised him as an example of the American dream.
Senator Lamar Alexander, Republican of Tennessee and the chairman of the committee, said Mr. Acosta would be a labor secretary who “understands how a good-paying job is critical to helping workers realize the American dream for themselves and for their families.”
The Senate labor committee is expected to vote next week on whether to advance Mr. Acosta’s nomination to the full Senate.
The Senate Agriculture Committee is scheduled to begin a confirmation hearing on Thursday for Sonny Perdue, the former governor of Georgia, to be Mr. Trump’s agriculture secretary.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Schools may not settle for minimal educational progress by disabled students, the Supreme Court ruled on Wednesday, rejecting a standard that some lower courts have applied, and that the nominee to join the high court, Neil M. Gorsuch, has been criticized for using.
The federal Individuals With Disabilities Education Act requires “free appropriate public education” for all children. In multiple cases, the federal Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit, in Denver, has held that the law demands little “more than de minimis” — merely a program intended for a student to show some annual gains.
“It cannot be the case that the Act typically aims for grade-level advancement for children with disabilities who can be educated in the regular classroom, but is satisfied with barely more than de minimis progress for those who cannot,” Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. wrote for a unanimous court.
“When all is said and done, a student offered an educational program providing ‘merely more than de minimis’ progress from year to year can hardly be said to have been offered an education at all,” he wrote. “The IDEA demands more. It requires an educational program reasonably calculated to enable a child to make progress appropriate in light of the child’s circumstances.”
In a 2008 ruling, Judge Gorsuch, who sits on the Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit, applied the “de minimis” standard in rejecting a parents’ claim that a school’s provisions for their autistic child were inadequate.
Since Judge Gorsuch’s nomination to the Supreme Court by President Trump, some Democrats have cited that and other opinions as evidence that the judge hews to an extreme conservative philosophy. At about the same time that Chief Justice Roberts was announcing the decision on Wednesday, Judge Gorsuch was questioned about the issue in a confirmation hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee.
In the hearing, the judge noted, as he did in the 2008 ruling, that he had simply adhered to precedent, following a standard the appeals court had set in a 1996 ruling — which, in turn, cited rulings in other courts — and its understanding of a 1982 Supreme Court decision.
The Supreme Court ruling on Wednesday acknowledged that both the federal law, enacted in 1975 and amended a few times since then, and the 1982 ruling interpreting it, are vague about what schools must do. That is by design, the court said, because what is appropriate differs widely from one child to another.
“The de minimis standard was outrageous and really meant that schools could do nothing and get away with it, so of course we’re pleased that the court soundly rejected that,” said Curtis L. Decker, executive director of the National Disability Rights Network. “But we would have preferred a clearer standard. The vagueness puts a burden on the family to try to show that their particular child needs a certain program to succeed.”
Nicole Jorwic, director of rights policy for the Arc, an advocacy organization for people with intellectual disabilities, said a review of Judge Gorsuch’s opinions related to people with disabilities “reveals an exceptionally narrow view of the protections offered by federal disability rights laws.” She said the Arc supported Wednesday’s Supreme Court ruling, but had not taken an official stance on whether Mr. Gorsuch should be confirmed.
“We would hope that in his future rulings, Judge Gorsuch would see that the purpose of IDEA is to help students with disabilities achieve more meaningful progress that can ultimately lead to their success and full life in their communities,” she said.
The case decided on Wednesday, Endrew F. v. Douglas County School District, concerns an autistic boy in Colorado, whose progress in school had stalled, in part because of his severe behavioral problems.
“Endrew would scream in class, climb over furniture and other students, and occasionally run away from school,” Chief Justice Roberts wrote. “He was afflicted by severe fears of commonplace things like flies, spills, and public restrooms.”
According to the parents, he needed a drastically different approach in school, but the district offered more of what was not working. So they put him in a private school specializing in educating autistic children, where his behavior and academic performance improved markedly.
The parents demanded reimbursement from the district for the cost of private school, arguing that the public schools had failed to meet the federal mandate. The Supreme Court did not directly address the question of reimbursement, but sent the case back to the lower courts for consideration.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — For weeks, President Trump has insisted that President Barack Obama tapped his phones even as the F.B.I. director and members of Mr. Trump’s own party said there was no evidence for his charge. But on Wednesday, Mr. Trump got an assist from a powerful House Republican who said the president or his closest associates may have been “incidentally” swept up in foreign surveillance by American spy agencies.
Representative Devin Nunes of California, the Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, introduced the new claim into the deepening controversy over Russian meddling in the 2016 election. Yet Mr. Nunes also told reporters on Wednesday that he had no evidence to support Mr. Trump’s claim that he was directly or personally wiretapped.
Democrats quickly denounced the disclosure and said it bolstered the need for an independent investigation to replace the House inquiry being led by Mr. Nunes.
Mr. Trump responded positively to Mr. Nunes’s remarks.
“I very much appreciated the fact that they found what they found,” the president told reporters at the White House, evidently referring to sources Mr. Nunes said he would not name. Mr. Trump said he felt vindicated, up to a point. “I somewhat do,” he said.
Mr. Nunes acknowledged that the incidental intelligence gathering on Trump associates — during the presidential transition late last year, when Mr. Obama was in office — was not necessarily unlawful. American intelligence agencies typically monitor foreign officials of allied and hostile countries, and they routinely sweep up communications linked to Americans who may be taking part in the conversation or are being spoken about.
The real issue, Mr. Nunes told reporters, was that he could figure out the identities of Trump associates from reading reports about intercepted communications that were shared among Obama administration officials with top security clearances. He said some Trump associates were also identified by name in the reports. Normally, intelligence agencies mask the identities of American citizens who are incidentally present in intercepted communications.
But nothing about the investigations into Russian election interference is routine. In making his claims, first in a news conference on Capitol Hill and then in the West Wing driveway after meeting with Mr. Trump at the White House, Mr. Nunes, who served on the president’s transition team, appeared to be trying to steer the public debate away from the investigations into whether Trump associates colluded with Russia during the election.
“I don’t want to get too much into the details, but these were intelligence reports, and it brings up a lot of concern about whether things were properly minimized or not,” said Mr. Nunes, who said the surveillance was not related to Russia. “What I have read bothers me, and I think it should bother the president himself and his team, because I think some of it seems to be inappropriate.”
Mr. Nunes, who has spent months assailing leaks of classified information about Mr. Trump from anonymous officials, refused on Wednesday to identify who had allowed him to read the intelligence reports on the surveillance. He would only say that the people had proper security clearances and needed to be protected.
Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, who has also complained about leaks of classified information, had no such quibble with what Mr. Nunes disclosed on Wednesday. “I think it’s startling information,” he told reporters.
Despite the plaudits from the White House, Democrats said Mr. Nunes had badly damaged his credibility in his apparent attempt to shore up Mr. Trump’s. His decision to dash off to the White House and brief Mr. Trump in the middle of his committee’s investigation into Russian interference — which includes the president — raised questions about the independence and viability of the House inquiry he is leading.
Representative Adam B. Schiff of California, the ranking Democrat on the committee, said Mr. Nunes needed to decide whether he was going to oversee the intelligence committee or be a White House surrogate.
“He can’t do both,” Mr. Schiff said in a hastily arranged news conference in response to Mr. Nunes. “This is deeply troubling.”
Mr. Schiff said that “there is more than circumstantial evidence now” of collusion between Trump associates and Russian officials.
The House Intelligence Committee is running one of three investigations into Russian interference in the election (the Senate and the F.B.I. are the other two). Before Wednesday, Democrats had already expressed skepticism that the House investigation could rise above partisan politics, and Mr. Nunes’s statements only deepened their concerns.
Mr. Schiff, who said he had not seen the information Mr. Nunes cited, said the mere fact that Trump associates could be identified in intelligence reports, all of which remain classified, “does not indicate that there was any flaw in the procedures followed by the intelligence agencies.”
Current and former intelligence officials backed up Mr. Schiff’s assessment.
“If the F.B.I. has asked for information about Trump or any of his cronies relative to N.S.A. collection overseas, it wasn’t for grins,” said Frank Montoya Jr., a former F.B.I. agent who served as the government’s senior counterintelligence official.
They “asked because there was a legitimate concern about suspicious behavior that might warrant an investigation, or because an investigation was already underway. The fact that this news isn’t about Russia only makes me more concerned about the actions of our president.”
Apart from names of Trump associates, it was unclear what exactly was in the intercepts. Mr. Nunes said there were multiple Trump associates named in them, but Mr. Schiff said it appeared that only one person was identified by name. Mr. Schiff said he came to that conclusion after speaking directly with Mr. Nunes.
Mr. Nunes’s concern, Mr. Schiff said, “was he could still figure out the identities of some of the parties even though the names were masked.”
Democrats and intelligence officials questioned whether Mr. Nunes had violated the law in discussing classified reports. Mr. Nunes said he had not broken the law even as he acknowledged that the reports were classified.
Several people are known to be under scrutiny in the Russia investigation, including Paul Manafort, who stepped down as chairman of the Trump campaign in August amid reports his name was in a secret ledger in Ukraine listing off-the-books payments for consulting work he did for a Russian-backed government there.
On Wednesday, The Associated Press reported new details of Mr. Manafort’s activities in Ukraine, including a proposal he is said to have drafted in 2005 to do similar work for pro-Russian interests in other former Soviet republics. The plan was presented to a Russian oligarch with whom Mr. Manafort had a business relationship, Oleg Deripaska, a close ally of President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia who agreed to pay Mr. Manafort $10 million for the work.
It is unclear how far the plan got or whether money changed hands. Mr. Manafort issued a statement denying he did any work for the Russian government.
Mr. Deripaska, via a spokeswoman, said the only payments he made to Mr. Manafort were tied to private business ventures.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — In the seventh hour of questioning this week — after a practiced bit from “The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy” but before the meditation on duck-sized horses — the Supreme Court confirmation hearing of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch veered, somehow, to the matter of mutton busting.
Senator Ted Cruz, Republican of Texas, wanted to hear about the Denver rodeo. And Judge Gorsuch, elusive all week as Democrats have strained to pinpoint his judicial leanings, turned instantly expansive.
“Mutton busting, as you know, comes sort of like bronco busting for adults,” he began on Tuesday. “You take a poor little kid, you find a sheep and you attach the one to the other and see how long they can hold on.”
He went on.
“…You know, it usually works fine when the sheep has got a lot of wool and you tell them to hold on — I tell my kids hold on monkey-style, you know? Really get in there, right? Get around it…”
The Democrats stared blankly.
“…Because if you sit upright, you go flying right off, right? So, you want to get in. But the problem when you get in is that you’re so locked in that you don’t want to let go, right? And so, then the poor clown has to come and knock you off the sheep.”
Judge Gorsuch smiled. “We can talk mutton busting all day,” he said.
They may as well have.
As Judge Gorsuch glided through the third day of his hearings on Wednesday, suffering few slips and answering no question he did not wish to, Senate Republicans were eager to assist.
There is a rich tradition of Republicans and Democrats making life easier on their preferred nominees, tossing congressional pool noodles to a judge who might flounder, at least somewhat, under questioning from the other party.
But this year, Republicans have elevated the practice to high art — supplying extra cushioning for a nominee who does not appear to need it and adding a measure of time-killing levity to a process that virtually all inside the Capitol agree will end with a confirmation.
On matters fraught and frivolous, Senate allies have coaxed Judge Gorsuch to the safest of verbal cul-de-sacs, eager to defuse Democratic lines of attack with whimsy and digressions.
“Do you think your writings reflect a knee-jerk attitude against common-sense regulations?” Senator Orrin Hatch of Utah asked on Wednesday.
“No, Senator,” the judge said.
“I don’t either.”
In other moments, they have urged Judge Gorsuch to remind the public that no one, even the president, is above the law, or to make clear that his rulings in workers’ rights cases — an area of concern for Democrats — were rendered only in service of the law.
More memorable were the flourishes that strayed far from judicial doctrine:
“Would you tell me where your favorite fishing stream is?”
“Is it true that you have been endorsed by John Elway?”
“Jury duty. Have you ever been called up?”
That question, from Senator Jeff Flake of Arizona, earned an audible laugh from Senator Al Franken, Democrat of Minnesota.
“No, I just thought it was very odd questions for this, but it’s great,” Mr. Franken said, as eyes turned his way. “I’m sorry I laughed. I just — it caught me.”
Moments later, after Judge Gorsuch’s answer (he has served), Mr. Franken chimed in again.
“That was a great question,” he said flatly.
“Thanks, Al,” Mr. Flake said. “Appreciate it.”
Yet it was Mr. Flake’s earlier curiosity — sparked by his teenage son, he said, and a long-running internet meme — that attracted more attention: Would Judge Gorsuch rather fight “100 duck-sized horses or one horse-sized duck?”
Judge Gorsuch took no position on Horse v. Duck, demonstrating his unflinching commitment to avoiding declarative statements about matters that could one day come before the court.
But he did not hesitate during another exchange, with Mr. Cruz, who seemed to revel in inside jokes and winking asides during his allotted 30 minutes of questioning.
“What is the answer to the ultimate question of life, the universe and everything?” Mr. Cruz asked at the top of his allotted time.
“Forty-two,” Judge Gorsuch said. (The pair explained at some length that this was a reference from “The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy.”)
Mr. Cruz later asked about the jump shot of Justice Byron R. White, Judge Gorsuch’s legal mentor, a former football star who was also known to swing elbows on the basketball court.
Then there was the rodeo.
“As a Texan,” Mr. Cruz said, gazing admiringly at Judge Gorsuch for much of his testimony, “I think everyone’s life can be rendered richer by going to the rodeo.”
Mr. Franken, the next lawmaker up after the nominee’s explanation of mutton busting, wondered aloud about animal abuse laws in Colorado.
But most Democrats seemed to accept their colleagues’ gambit during the proceedings, at least grudgingly.
Beginning his second round of questioning on Wednesday, Senator Richard J. Durbin, Democrat of Illinois, summarized what the Judiciary Committee had learned from Republicans’ questions so far: “We know your love of fly-fishing and rodeos and family.”
“I know that senatorial assignment,” he added. “I’ve been there myself.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — In the century or so since Congress first assigned the Secret Service the task of protecting the president of the United States, its top job has always gone to an agency veteran.
Like so many things in the Trump era, that may soon change.
Aides to President Trump are narrowing a list of candidates to lead the Secret Service, the beleaguered agency that protects the country’s top government officials and investigates certain crimes.
Unlike in transitions past, no clear front-runner has emerged. But top aides have been looking at candidates inside and outside the agency who can improve its morale and regain the credibility lost after a string of embarrassing lapses. They hope to name a new director in the coming weeks.
The search has taken on new urgency in recent days, as a series of attempted intrusions on the White House grounds — including a successful one in which a man was able to wander close enough to peer through the windows — have reignited concerns about management, training and security vulnerabilities thought to be on the mend.
Critics of the agency have seized on the most recent cases to amplify calls for the White House to recruit a leader from outside the Secret Service, which would be unprecedented in the famously hidebound agency’s modern history. They insisted that only someone untethered from the agency’s ways of thinking could institute the kind of reforms necessary to guide the organization.
“I still believe they have a deep-seated cultural problem,” Representative Jason Chaffetz, Republican of Utah, and the chairman of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, said in an interview. “We need a transformative figure to truly change the culture at the Secret Service.”
The agency has been without a permanent leader since early this month, when its director, Joseph P. Clancy, stepped down to allow Mr. Trump to shape it as he saw fit.
Since Mr. Clancy’s departure, the agency has again been tested by a series of attempted intrusions at the White House. The most serious of them happened March 10, when a California man carrying pepper spray and a letter for Mr. Trump scaled fences and roamed the grounds for 17 minutes before being caught. It has prompted both the Secret Service and the House oversight committee to open investigations.
After receiving a closed-door briefing on the incident on Monday, Representative Elijah Cummings of Maryland, the oversight committee’s top Democrat, said it was clear that the agency needed to go back “under the microscope.” He told reporters that “a culture of complacency” was plaguing certain parts of the agency.
At the same time, the Secret Service has found itself grappling with unexpected costs and travel demands posed by protecting Mr. Trump and his large family. The Washington Post reported on Wednesday that the agency had requested an additional $60 million in funds for next year to help pay for the protection of Mr. Trump’s Manhattan residence and the family’s higher-than-expected travel costs.
Indeed, few jobs in government matter more to the fate of the president or the country than director of the Secret Service. Though the agency oversees a vast investigations arm targeting counterfeiting and other financial crimes, its reputation rests on its protection of the presidency and many of the country’s most important figures.
“Quite literally, at the end of the day, it is going to come down to the president’s comfort,” said W. Ralph Basham, who served as director of the agency from 2003 to 2006. “If you are going to turn the security and safety of your family over to someone, the president needs to weigh in.”
John F. Kelly, the secretary of Homeland Security, whose department includes the Secret Service, will also have a say in the decision. “The U.S. Secret Service is a vital federal law enforcement partner and the White House is working closely with Secretary Kelly on filling this important position,” Michael Short, a White House spokesman, said on Tuesday.
In the interview, Mr. Chaffetz said he had pressed Reince Priebus, the White House chief of staff, and Donald McGahn, the White House counsel, to choose an outsider, in part because he saw no “natural fit” for the top job within its ranks.
But others briefed on the search pointed to several potential candidates within the agency or its pool of former agents. They include George D. Mulligan, the agency’s chief operating officer and No. 2; Robert Buster, who was the top agent in charge of President Obama’s security detail; and Mickey Nelson, a former assistant director overseeing the agency’s protective assignments, and now a security consultant. Only Mr. Mulligan is not a career Secret Service officer; he spent most of his career in the military.
William J. Callahan, the agency’s acting director, was briefly under consideration before he bowed out early this month, according to an official at the Department of Homeland Security.
Mr. Basham said he expected that the White House would also consider current or former leaders from the military, the Federal Bureau of Investigation or other law enforcement agencies.
Keith Schiller, Mr. Trump’s longtime private security director who followed him to the White House, has also been mentioned in connection to the job.
Whomever Mr. Trump chooses will inherit an agency still trying to recover from a series of flaps between 2011 and 2014 that badly hurt its credibility. Those incidents, from highly publicized cases of drunken misbehavior by agents and officers to the failure to prevent an armed private security guard from riding in an elevator with Mr. Obama, prompted an investigation by the House oversight committee and the creation of a four-person independent panel convened by the Department of Homeland Security. Both groups eventually made recommendations that the agency look outside its ranks to help clean up the mess.
The low point came in September 2014, when an intruder armed with a knife, Omar J. Gonzalez, made it all the way to the ceremonial East Room of the White House. The incident prompted the agency’s director, Julia Pierson, to resign.
“These things have really undermined the confidence of the American people, the confidence of the Hill and even to some extent of the White House,” Mr. Basham said. “And that is something the next director is going to have to deal with.”
The new director will also be expected to re-evaluate whether the agency should narrow its mission to pare down some aspects of its investigative work and increase resources for protection. The Secret Service, once a unit of the Treasury Department, investigates counterfeiting and financial crimes.
Mr. Clancy, who was brought out of retirement by Mr. Obama to help stabilize the agency, began instituting many of the reforms called for by investigators. During his two years in office, he hired several top deputies from the outside to professionalize its leadership, including Mr. Mulligan. He pushed to extend overtime payments, a popular move among rank-and-file personnel. He also hired more agents and successfully oversaw protection during a highly charged political campaign.
Patrick O’Carroll, a former Secret Service agent who is the executive director of the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association, said Mr. Clancy’s successor would have a daunting task. Last year, in a survey of the best places to work within the federal government, the agency ranked 305th out of 305 agencies.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Judge Neil M. Gorsuch continued to be questioned Wednesday at his confirmation hearing, but the real struggle over his nomination to the Supreme Court is already well on its way to the Senate floor.
Republicans reveled in the nominee’s gaffe-free performance — one Democrats found a tad too scripted and stuffed with a lot of gollys and gees — and are ready to move ahead as quickly as they can.
The Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky, was emphatic Tuesday that Mr. Gorsuch would be seated on the Supreme Court before the Senate leaves for its April recess in two weeks.
At the same time, Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, accused Judge Gorsuch of being evasive in his testimony, which stretched more than 10 hours. He insisted that the nomination would require 60 votes for approval when Republicans hold just a 52-seat majority and not a single Democratic senator has committed to supporting him.
Those conflicting positions provide the inflammatory ingredients for a floor showdown. Mr. McConnell seemed to be laying the groundwork for a move to eliminate the 60-vote threshold on Supreme Court nominees if Democrats hold firm.
“If Judge Gorsuch can’t achieve 60 votes in the Senate, could any judge appointed by a Republican president be approved with 60 or more votes in the Senate?” Mr. McConnell asked.
To Republicans, the eventual approval of Judge Gorsuch was a certainty. Senator Ben Sasse, Republican of Nebraska, noted offhandedly in his discussion with Judge Gorsuch that he would soon be on the Supreme Court. Republicans had clearly found their judge.
In Tuesday’s marathon session, Mr. Sasse and his fellow Republicans on the usually sober Judiciary Committee often abandoned serious discussion of constitutional law for laugh-filled law clerk war stories and ruminations on mutton busting, a rodeo event where children try — often unsuccessfully — to ride sheep.
Mr. Sasse told Judge Gorsuch that family members wanted to know how he could refrain so long at the witness table from asking to be excused to the bathroom. Senator Jeff Flake, Republican of Arizona, said one of his sons suggested he try to cross up the nominee by posing the vexing question of whether he would rather fight 100 duck-size horses or one horse-size duck.
“You can tell him I am very rarely at a loss for words,” Judge Gorsuch responded.
A riveting sequel to the drama “Advise and Consent” it was not.
Mr. Flake also asked the nominee if he had ever served on a jury, a query that caused Senator Al Franken of Minnesota, who had had a tense exchange with Judge Gorsuch earlier and was the only Democrat present at the time, to laugh out loud.
For the most part, though, Democrats were not amused. They pressed Judge Gorsuch for explanations of his past rulings and were often frustrated by the classic response of the Supreme Court nominee — disclosing his view would be unfair if the subject ever came before him again.
“I can’t comment on specific cases, and I can’t get involved in politics,” the judge said in a message that he repeated frequently.
Mr. Schumer suggested the conservative jurist was determined to hide his views from the public.
“He has bent over backward to avoid revealing anything, anything at all, about his judicial philosophy, or the legal issues that concern the American people,” Mr. Schumer said. “There is no legally justifiable rationale for not answering the questions he was asked. He’s hiding behind this.”
Mr. Schumer said Republicans should slow down the proceedings, given that the F.B.I. has confirmed that the campaign of President Trump is under investigation for possible connections to Russian interference in the 2016 election.
Senator Charles E. Grassley, the Iowa Republican and committee chairman managing the hearing, scoffed at that notion as ridiculous. “As long as he is in office, he can exercise his constitutional power,” Mr. Grassley said, referring to Mr. Trump.
Republicans have strong motivation to quickly push the nomination through to fill a seat that has now has been vacant more than a year because of their refusal to consider President Barack Obama’s nomination last year of Judge Merrick B. Garland for the same seat.
Filling the seat with a conservative such as Judge Gorsuch would represent a clear-cut Republican victory early in Mr. Trump’s term and make a welcome contrast with the party’s extremely messy internal health care debate and the confirmation that the Trump campaign is under investigation. It would allow Republicans to chalk up a win before coming budget fights and debates over taxes that are also likely to prove divisive.
Mr. McConnell would not commit to using procedural tactics to overcome Democratic resistance to an up-or-down vote on Judge Gorsuch, saying only that “we’ll see how it all develops.” But he was firm that the Senate would finish the nomination early next month, and achieving that goal would require drastic steps to kill the judicial filibuster if Democrats do not provide the necessary eight votes.
Both sides acknowledge that such a confrontation could ultimately harm the Senate, the Supreme Court and the already-damaged process for considering judicial nominations. And that’s no laughing matter.



ARTICLE
Here are highlights from Judge Neil M. Gorsuch’s third day at his Senate confirmation hearings:
■ Senator Dianne Feinstein, a Democrat, asked Judge Gorsuch why, when he was a Bush administration Justice Department official in 2005, he had scribbled “yes” on a document beside a question about whether C.I.A. torture of terrorism suspects had yielded valuable intelligence. He said was merely acting as a lawyer.
■ Senator Patrick J. Leahy, a Democrat, pushed Judge Gorsuch to say whether a president has constitutional powers to lawfully override torture and wiretap statutes. Judge Gorsuch said he would approach such a case using analysis set out when President Harry S. Truman tried to seize steel mills.
■ Mr. Leahy also pressed Judge Gorsuch to say whether he would recuse himself from Supreme Court cases involving the Colorado billionaire Philip Anschutz, who was a former client and helped get him appointed to the appeals court. Judge Gorsuch did not answer directly.
■ The nominee would not discuss whether President Trump’s business dealings with foreign governments might run afoul of the Emoluments Clause, an obscure constitutional provision that the judge said “has sat in a rather dusty corner” until recently.
■ Judge Gorsuch defended his originalist judicial philosophy, assuring skeptics that “no one is looking to return us to the horse-and-buggy days.”
■ When asked about his views on cameras recording Supreme Court proceedings, Judge Gorsuch would say only that he would keep an open mind.
■ The energy level in the hearing room in the Hart Senate Office Building was noticeably diminished from the previous two days. There was a clear sense that the proceedings were winding down.
■ Byron White’s Supreme Court hearing took only 90 minutes. Judge Gorsuch’s is in its third day.
Here are some highlights so far:
Senator Feinstein of California, the top Democrat on the Judiciary Committee, pressed Judge Gorsuch about a torture-related document from his time as a senior Justice Department official in 2005-6. It was a set of questions about the C.I.A. program, including: “Have the aggressive interrogation techniques employed by the administration yielded any valuable intelligence? Have they ever stopped a terrorist incident? Examples?” In the margin next to this, Judge Gorsuch had scribbled, “Yes.”
Ms. Feinstein, who was the chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee when it conducted an investigation into the Bush-era torture program that concluded otherwise — asked Judge Gorsuch what information he had received that led him to write “yes.”
He replied: “My recollection of 12 years ago is that that was the position that the clients were telling us. I was a lawyer. My job was as an advocate, and we were dealing with detainee litigation. That was my job.”
Senator Leahy, of Vermont, also returned to the question of whether Judge Gorsuch believed in the Bush administration’s theory that the president, as commander-in-chief, could override torture and surveillance laws.
Asked about that on Tuesday, Judge Gorsuch had repeatedly said the president was not “above the law.” Mr. Leahy pointed out that Mr. Bush’s legal team did not argue that he was “above the law,” but rather that “the law” meant the Constitution gave presidents inherent authority to lawfully bypass such statutes.
The senator pressed Judge Gorsuch to be more specific. He replied that “presidents make all sorts of arguments about inherent authority — they do — and that is why we have courts, to decide.”
Mr. Leahy followed up, asking whether Judge Gorsuch could think of a case in which a court decided that a president could override a statute. Judge Gorsuch said he could not think of one, and Mr. Leahy agreed.
This was almost certainly the first confirmation hearing to feature questions on the Constitution’s Emoluments Clause, which may bar President Trump’s businesses from doing business with companies controlled by foreign governments.
The clause says that “no person holding any office of profit or trust” shall “accept of any present, emolument, office or title, of any kind whatever, from any king, prince or foreign state” unless Congress consents. The word emolument means compensation for labor or services.
Asked about the clause by Senator Leahy, Judge Gorsuch said “the Emoluments Clause has sat in a rather dusty corner” and “is not a clause that has attracted a lot of attention until recently.”
But Judge Gorsuch would say no more given what he said was at least potential litigation on the subject. Lawsuits have been filed against President Trump, claiming he has violated the clause.
“I have to be very careful about expressing any views,” Judge Gorsuch said.
Senator Leahy also asked Judge Gorsuch to say whether he would continue on the Supreme Court to recuse himself from cases involving the Colorado billionaire Philip Anschutz, with whom he has various ties. Among those ties: Mr. Anschutz was Judge Gorsuch’s former client and in 2006, he successfully lobbied the Bush White House to appoint Mr. Gorsuch to the appeals court. Mr. Leahy noted that Judge Gorsuch had left the door open to changing his appeals court practice and participating in cases involving Mr. Anschutz’s interests on the Supreme Court.
Judge Gorsuch did not answer directly, saying he would study the law and the practices of his colleagues and the facts before making a decision. But Mr. Leahy pointed out that the law was the same for both appeals court judges and Supreme Court justices, except that justices’ decisions not to recuse themselves cannot be appealed to anyone.
There is scant precedent about how justices have interpreted whether cases involving former clients raise an actual or apparent conflict of interest because few modern justices had extensive backgrounds in private practice. But Justice Clarence Thomas, who worked as in-house counsel for Monsanto from 1977 to 1979, has participated in cases involving that company.
Judge Gorsuch echoed earlier Republican Supreme Court nominees when he said American courts should not look to foreign and international law in interpreting the Constitution.
“As a general matter I’d say it’s improper to look abroad when interpreting our Constitution,” Judge Gorsuch said.
In his 2005 confirmation hearing, Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. said something similar.
“Foreign law, you can find anything you want,” Chief Justice Roberts said. “Looking at foreign law for support is like looking out over a crowd and picking out your friends.”
But the Supreme Court has consulted foreign sources in cases on gay rights and the death penalty, and its more liberal justices say it is proper to take account of wisdom from abroad.
“Foreign opinions are not authoritative; they set no binding precedent for the U.S. judge,” Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said in a 2006 address to the Constitutional Court of South Africa. “But they can add to the story of knowledge relevant to the solution of trying questions.”
Judge Gorsuch said foreign courts do consider American law. “Everybody else looks to us,” he said.
Democrats have struggled to find an attack line that sticks against Judge Gorsuch. But they appeared to sense a potential opening outside the hearing room: a Supreme Court decision on Wednesday that lawmakers sought to frame as a rebuke of the nominee.
Not long after he started his testimony on Wednesday, Judge Gorsuch defended an opinion he had written that ruled against an autistic student whose parents had sought reimbursement for his education under a federal law, the Individuals with Disability Education Act.
Judge Gorsuch said he had merely applied a standard set out in a Supreme Court decision as interpreted by an earlier decision of his court, the United States Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit in Denver.
At about the same time Wednesday, the Supreme Court handed down a unanimous decision saying the 10th Circuit had been wrong. All that was required from public school systems, the 10th Circuit had said, was a “more than de minimis” benefit.
Writing for the Supreme Court, Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. disagreed. “When all is said and done, a student offered an educational program providing ‘merely more than de minimis’ progress from year to year can hardly be said to have been offered an education at all.”
Asked about the Supreme Court decision later on Wednesday, Judge Gorsuch said he had been bound by precedents from the Supreme Court and from the 10th Circuit in the opinion he had written.
Still, Democrats quickly pounced.
“President Trump’s Supreme Court nominee, Judge Neil Gorsuch, was unanimously rebuked today by the Supreme Court,” said Senator Chuck Schumer of New York and the Democrats’ leader. He also said the case reinforced “a continued, troubling pattern of Judge Gorsuch deciding against everyday Americans — even children who require special assistance at school. Fortunately, in this case, every single justice on the court agreed that Judge Gorsuch was wrong.”
Republican aides, for perhaps the first time all week, appeared on the defensive, sending out talking points that Judge Gorsuch was not on the panel in the case and did not invent the relevant legal test. He was merely adhering to binding precedent, they said.
It has been the custom of Supreme Court nominees to endorse video coverage of arguments in the court during their confirmation hearings — only to retreat later on. Judge Gorsuch would not even go that far.
Senator Charles E. Grassley, the Iowa Republican who heads the Senate Judiciary Committee, asked Judge Gorsuch on Wednesday morning to keep an open mind on the topic. The judge agreed to do that much.
On Tuesday, Judge Gorsuch said cameras in the courtroom were “not a question that I confess I’ve given a great deal of thought to,” adding that, “I’ve experienced more cameras in the last few weeks than I have in my whole lifetime by a long, long way.”
The last two successful Supreme Court nominees, Justices Elena Kagan and Sonia Sotomayor, endorsed camera coverage at their hearings.
“I have had positive experiences with cameras,” Justice Sotomayor said in 2009.
In 2010, Justice Kagan said video coverage “would be a great thing for the institution, and more important, I think it would be a great thing for the American people.”
After joining the court, the two justices started expressing doubts about the value of letting citizens see their government at work.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Not even a public scolding from Judge Neil M. Gorsuch could get President Trump to stop bashing federal judges.
Hours after Mr. Trump’s nominee for the Supreme Court declared during Senate confirmation hearings that he was “disheartened” about Mr. Trump’s unrestrained attacks on the judicial branch, the president was at it again, calling out the federal judges who have halted his second executive order banning travel from certain predominantly Muslim nations.
“Somebody said I should not criticize judges. O.K. I’ll criticize judges,” Mr. Trump said on Tuesday night at a fund-raising dinner for the National Republican Congressional Committee — reiterating his pique at a federal court judge in Hawaii who last week placed a stay on his second travel order.
Mr. Trump was in a loose mood after a day of wrangling votes for the House Republican leadership’s measure to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. He predicted victory in a vote on a revamped bill, scheduled for Thursday, that legislators say is still too close to call.
“The American people gave us clear instructions. It’s time to get busy, get to work, and get the job done,” Mr. Trump told the audience at the National Building Museum.
Mr. Trump said his “legislative effort begins with Thursday’s crucial vote” on the health care bill. He added that he “had no choice” but to tackle the health bill first, amid criticism from some Republicans that he should have opened by pushing through a trillion-dollar infrastructure package that was likely to garner at least some Democratic support.
“We had to do health care first,” Mr. Trump said. He spoke after Speaker Paul D. Ryan, who sold him on the strategy, and exhorted the crowd to support the president’s agenda.
Mr. Ryan blasted the health care policy that was one of President Barack Obama’s domestic legacy issues as an “arrogant, paternalistic, condescending law.” He urged his fellow House Republicans — some of whom still oppose the measure — to “go out and deliver on our promise.”
The event raised $30 million for Republican House candidates, a record for the committee’s March dinner, according to party officials.
One of the attendees was former Vice President Dick Cheney, who quickly attracted Mr. Trump’s crowd-scanning eye. The president has had harsh words for former President George W. Bush’s interventionist foreign policy, but he warmly praised Mr. Cheney, who is close to current Vice President Mike Pence and Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson, “for giving me a very early endorsement.”
It wasn’t that early. Mr. Cheney endorsed Mr. Trump in early May of 2016, after the president effectively clinched the Republican nomination — but before many party leaders, including Mr. Ryan, were willing to lend the developer and reality TV star their support.
The building museum — site of Hillary Clinton’s 2009 “glass ceiling speech” — is one of Washington’s most imposing 19th-century structures, famous for its 116-foot-tall columns. But it wasn’t quite up to the first developer-president’s aesthetic standards.
“I would have gotten ridden of these columns, actually,” Mr. Trump said, to laughter.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, President Trump’s Supreme Court nominee, sought to assure the Senate and the nation on Tuesday that he would be a fair-minded and independent justice. He said he would not hesitate to rule against Mr. Trump if the law required it, and he repeated his earlier private criticism of Mr. Trump’s attacks on judges who had ruled against the administration.
“When anyone criticizes the honesty or integrity or motives of a federal judge,” Judge Gorsuch said at his confirmation hearing, “I find that disheartening and demoralizing.”
Asked if that general statement applied to Mr. Trump, Judge Gorsuch said, “Anyone is anyone.”
By turns expansive and evasive, Judge Gorsuch discussed legal doctrines at length, but refused to take positions on specific issues. He asserted, as have previous Supreme Court nominees, that it would be unfair to future litigants for him to announce his views on issues that could come before the court.
Judge Gorsuch’s style was folksy, earnest, learned and emphatic, and he easily dodged questions from members of the Senate Judiciary Committee that he was not inclined to answer. But he spoke forcefully about his devotion to the rule of law.
His exchanges with Democratic senators were sometimes tense and testy. Yet through every planned line of attack — from his record on workers’ rights to his skepticism of the power of regulatory agencies — Judge Gorsuch emerged with few scratches.
In response to questions from Senator Patrick J. Leahy, Democrat of Vermont, Judge Gorsuch expressed admiration for Judge Merrick B. Garland, President Barack Obama’s nominee for the same Supreme Court vacancy created by the death of Justice Antonin Scalia.
He is “an outstanding judge,” Judge Gorsuch said.
“Whenever I see his name attached to an opinion, it’s one I read with special care,” Judge Gorsuch said.
But he refused to say whether Senate Republicans had mistreated Judge Garland by refusing to consider his nomination for the better part of a year.
“I can’t get involved in politics,” Judge Gorsuch said. “There’s judicial canons that prevent me from doing that. And I think it would be very imprudent of judges to start commenting on political disputes.”
Mr. Leahy had no such qualms. “I think it was shameful,” he said of the Republicans’ gambit. “I think it has severely damaged the reputation of the committee. I think it has severely damaged the reputation of the senators who concurred with that.”
On other questions, Judge Gorsuch was less reserved. He did not hesitate, for instance, when asked to declare his independence from Mr. Trump.
“Specifically tell us whether you’d have any trouble ruling against the president who appointed you,” Senator Charles E. Grassley, the Iowa Republican who leads the Judiciary Committee, instructed him.
“That’s a softball, Mr. Chairman,” Judge Gorsuch said. “I have no difficulty ruling against or for any party, other than based on what the law and the facts and the particular case require.”
During the presidential campaign, Mr. Trump said he would seek to appoint justices ready to vote to overturn Roe v. Wade, the 1973 decision establishing a constitutional right to abortion.
But Judge Gorsuch said that no one from the White House asked him to make any commitments on legal issues that could come before the Supreme Court.
“I have offered no promises on how I’d rule in any case to anyone,” he said, “and I don’t think it’s appropriate for a judge to do so, no matter who’s doing the asking.”
Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, asked Judge Gorsuch how he would have responded had Mr. Trump asked him to vote to overrule Roe during his interview at Trump Tower.
“Senator, I would have walked out the door,” Judge Gorsuch said.
Asked about Roe and countless other Supreme Court decisions, Judge Gorsuch responded with variations on a theme. The rulings were entitled to respect as precedents of the Supreme Court, he said, and should not be overturned lightly.
“If I were to start telling you which are my favorite precedents or which are my least favorite precedents or if I view a precedent in that fashion,” Judge Gorsuch said, “I would be tipping my hand and suggesting to litigants that I’ve already made up my mind about their cases.”
Republicans largely used their questioning to help insulate Judge Gorsuch from expected criticism, offering 30-minute safe harbors. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas was perhaps the most creative, coaxing Judge Gorsuch to hold forth on “The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy,” judicial basketball games and the rodeo practice of “mutton busting.”
And for Democrats still straining to determine how aggressively to counter Judge Gorsuch’s nomination, the proceedings on Tuesday offered little help. At times, after fits of effective sidestepping from the nominee, they paused for several seconds to regroup, looking through their notes anew.
Efforts to make the hearings a referendum, in part, on Mr. Trump himself also faltered.
Mr. Leahy pressed Judge Gorsuch on Mr. Trump’s order banning travel from several predominantly Muslim countries. “Senator, that’s an issue that’s currently being litigated actively, as you know,” Judge Gorsuch said, declining to weigh in.
Mr. Leahy said that some Republicans had argued that a rapid confirmation for Judge Gorsuch could represent the administration’s best chance of winning a case on this issue before the Supreme Court.
“Senator, a lot of people say a lot of silly things,” Judge Gorsuch said, adding that anyone making that argument “has no idea how I’d rule in that case.” He said he would not tip his hand on Tuesday.
Democratic senators pressed Judge Gorsuch about his involvement as a Justice Department lawyer in 2005 and 2006 defending Bush administration policies on harsh interrogation and surveillance. Judge Gorsuch responded that he had been a lawyer defending a client.
Mr. Leahy also asked if the president’s national security determinations were reviewable by the court.
“Senator, no man is above the law,” the judge said.
Judge Gorsuch, who had criticized liberals for preferring litigation to the political process in an essay written before he became a judge, distanced himself from his earlier statements.
On Tuesday, he said “the problem lies on both sides of the aisle.”
Senator Dianne Feinstein of California, the committee’s top Democrat, asked, “How do we have confidence in you that you won’t just be for the big corporations, that you will be for the little men?”
Judge Gorsuch said his record demonstrated that he had ruled for both business interests and workers. He said he had not always been happy to vote as the law required. One example, he said, came in a case Democrats have cited often: the tale of the trucker fired for abandoning his cargo for his own safety in subzero temperatures.
“This is one of those that you take home at night,” said Judge Gorsuch, who wrote in a dissent that the company was permitted to fire the man.
But the law, he argued, was clear: “The law said the man is protected and can’t be fired if he refuses to operate an unsafe vehicle.”
In fact, Judge Gorsuch said, the driver had unhitched his vehicle from the trailing cargo to get to safety. “He chose to operate,” Judge Gorsuch said, adding, “I think by any plain understanding, he operated the vehicle.”
The nominee expressed no fondness for this particular law — “I’ve been stuck on a highway in Wyoming in a snowstorm,” he said — but said it was his duty to observe it.
Later, Senator Al Franken, Democrat of Minnesota, perhaps the most aggressive questioner of the day, asked Judge Gorsuch what he would have done if faced with the same conditions as the trucker. Judge Gorsuch would not say.
“That’s absurd,” Mr. Franken, a veteran of “Saturday Night Live” in a previous life, said of Judge Gorsuch’s dissent in the case.
“Now, I had a career in identifying absurdity,” he added. “And I know it when I see it.”



ARTICLE
Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, elevated a rape case at a Maryland high school in which an undocumented immigrant has been charged to national attention on Tuesday, saying in response to a reporter’s question that it was an example of why the Trump administration was committed to a “crackdown” on illegal immigration.
The episode that led to allegations of an attack on a 14-year-old girl happened at Rockville High School last Thursday. Two students, Jose O. Montano, 17, and Henry E. Sanchez-Milian, 18, were charged the next day. Immigration officials said Mr. Sanchez, a native of Guatemala, was living in the United States illegally.
A local television news reporter asked Mr. Spicer at a news briefing on Tuesday whether reports of the attack made President Trump want to issue an executive order that would allow public schools to deny enrollment to undocumented immigrants. He used the opportunity to connect the case to the president’s restrictive immigration agenda.
“The president recognizes that education is a state-run and a local-run issue, but I think it is — it is cause for concern, what happened there,” Mr. Spicer said in a response that took nearly four minutes. “And I think that the city should look at its policies, and I think that this is something that authorities are going to have to look at.”
The case has been reported extensively by the local news media in Washington, as well as on Fox News, which has provided detailed and adjective-laden accounts of the sexual assault and used it to illustrate what it called the dangers of lenient immigration enforcement. Mr. Spicer said the case was the kind that might be addressed through Victims of Immigration Crime Enforcement, an office proposed by Mr. Trump this month.
“I think part of the reason the president has made illegal immigration and crackdown such a big deal is because of tragedies like this,” he said. “Immigration pays its toll on our people if it’s done — if it’s not done legally. And this is another example, and it’s why the president is so passionate about this.”
The police said the two suspects propositioned the 14-year-old girl for sex in a hallway at Rockville High School, a statement from the Montgomery County Police Department said. When she refused, they forced her into a boy’s bathroom and raped her in a bathroom stall, the authorities said.
School administrators called the police when they learned of the matter, and both suspects were arrested at school later that day, the police said.
Mr. Montano and Mr. Sanchez-Milian were charged on Friday with first-degree rape and first-degree sexual offense. Mr. Montano was charged as an adult. The public defender representing the two did not immediately respond to requests for comment via email and by phone on Tuesday night.
The girl has not been identified publicly. Mr. Spicer described her as an immigrant who entered the country legally. That could not be independently confirmed.
Matthew Bourke, a spokesman for United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement, said border patrol agents encountered Mr. Sanchez-Milian last August in Rio Valley Grande, Tex., and determined that he had entered the country illegally. Mr. Sanchez-Milian was issued a notice to appear before an immigration judge, but his hearing has not been scheduled, Mr. Bourke said.
On Friday, immigration officials placed a detainer on Mr. Sanchez-Milian, which will allow them to eventually take him into custody, because he was “suspected of being deportable,” Mr. Bourke said. The authorities said they could not comment on Mr. Montano’s immigration status because he is a minor.
The school district informed parents of the episode in a letter on Friday.
“The safety and security of every student in our district is our top priority and a responsibility that we do not take lightly,” Jack R. Smith, superintendent of Montgomery County Public Schools, said in a statement. “We have and will continue to work every day to ensure our schools are safe places to learn.”
Ramon Korionoff, a spokesman for the Montgomery County State’s Attorney Office, said he could not comment on the case because he did not want to prejudice potential jurors. He said he had not heard of Mr. Spicer’s press briefing until he was told by a reporter about it Tuesday.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump is a man seriously susceptible to snagging himself in the nettles of obsession. In the last three weeks, no compulsion has so consumed his psyche, and his Twitter account, as the deeply held and shallowly sourced belief that President Barack Obama tapped his phones.
So why can’t he just let go?
First, aides say that Mr. Trump, who often says, “I’m, like, a really smart person” in public, is driven by a need to prove his legitimacy as president to the many critics who deem him an unworthy victor forever undercut by Hillary Clinton’s three-million-vote win in the popular vote.
“The Russia investigation is being used by his political opponents to delegitimize his entire presidency and to delegitimize his agenda,” said Sam Nunberg, a longtime Trump political adviser who remains close with West Wing aides. “He will fight back, and he does it better than anybody in this White House. And that includes all those Republican National Committee guys he hired to defend him.”
Second, fighting back — in this case, against Mr. Obama, the F.B.I. director and members of his own party who say his claim about phone taps is false — is an important part of the president’s self-image. The two most influential role models in Mr. Trump’s youth were men who preached the twin philosophies of relentless self-promotion and the waging of total war against anyone perceived as a threat.
Mr. Trump, according to one longtime adviser, is perpetually playing a soundtrack in his head consisting of advice from his father, Fred, a hard-driving real estate developer who laid the weight of the family’s success on his son’s shoulders. Mr. Trump’s other mentor was the caustic and conniving McCarthy-era lawyer Roy Cohn, who counseled Mr. Trump never to give in or concede error.
Mr. Trump’s fixation on Mr. Obama and an F.B.I. investigation into Russian influence in the 2016 election echoes his actions in New York decades ago, when he engaged in bitter personal battles with the mayor, Edward I. Koch, and the city fathers of Atlantic City. The battles were often to the detriment of Mr. Trump’s real estate and gambling businesses, according to Tim O’Brien, author of “TrumpNation,” a 2005 biography that documented his early years.
“I don’t think there’s anything new here in his behavior,’’ said Mr. O’Brien, now the executive editor of Bloomberg View. “He's been doing this kind of thing for the last 45 years.’’
“He’s deeply, deeply insecure about how he’s perceived in the world, about whether or not he’s competent and deserves what he’s gotten,” he added. “There’s an unquenchable thirst for validation and love. That’s why he can never stay quiet, even when it would be wise strategically or emotionally to hold back.”
During the 2016 campaign, Mr. Trump fixated on almost every slight, especially in the news media, and singled out reporters for criticism at his rallies. A day after he was sworn in as the 45th president, he woke up furious that websites were running side-by-side pictures showing that his inaugural crowd was demonstrably smaller than Mr. Obama’s 2009 throng.
He instructed his press secretary, Sean Spicer, to convene the press in the White House for a tongue-lashing over “biased” reporting on crowd size, which delighted the new president but struck nearly everyone else as a bizarre overreaction.
Mr. Trump’s now-infamous Twitter message on March 4 amounted to a Queens-intoned declaration that he would be no one’s victim. “How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process,” the president wrote in an unspellchecked outburst, one of several that morning. “This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!”
Toughness, more than any other attribute, is what Mr. Trump has sought to project during his short and successful political career — and he believes his behavior makes him look tougher, no matter what the press thinks.
As a presidential candidate, he wanted to look dour, and vetoed any campaign imagery that so much as hinted at weakness, aides said. Which is why every self-selected snapshot — down to the squinty-eyed scowl attached to his Twitter account — features a tough-guy sourpuss. “Like Churchill,” is what Mr. Trump would tell staffers when asked what look he was going for.
Third, diversion is an important motive. Mr. Trump was able to change the subject by attacking Mr. Obama and floating unsubstantiated theories.
At the time of his early-March tweetstorm, he was trying to divert attention from a fresh embarrassment: Attorney General Jeff Sessions had failed to disclose, during confirmation hearings, that he had had contacts with Russia’s ambassador to the United States.
“With almost every barbed, unscripted tweet, he deletes some story his administration wants to tell,” said David Axelrod, one of Mr. Obama’s top advisers. “He reacts to every affront, real or imagined, in Pavlovian fashion. He beats every perceived slight to death and, even when he’s won the point, continues beating.”
Finally, Mr. Trump hasn’t let up because no one can stop him.
Within the White House, aides describe a nearly paralytic inability to tell Mr. Trump that he has erred or gone too far on Twitter.
On the day Mr. Trump fired off his message about Mr. Obama “tapping” his phones, his chief of staff, Reince Priebus — initially seen by some establishment Republicans as the best bulwark against Mr. Trump’s self-immolating behavior — told people the White House was convinced that there was something there.
The problem is that the two advisers who aren’t related to him but are powerful enough to try to change Mr. Trump’s behavior are mostly disinclined to do so. His chief strategist, Stephen K. Bannon, a rhetorical bomb thrower himself, counseled Mr. Trump to moderate his behavior at the end of the campaign — but he remains the West Wing adviser who most closely shares the president’s views on surveillance.
One of the only other people whom Mr. Trump views as a peer is his top economic adviser, Gary Cohn, but he prefers to spend his capital on economic issues and climate change.
In a recent meeting in the Oval Office, Mr. Cohn was speaking when Mr. Trump interrupted him. “Let me finish,’’ Mr. Cohn interjected, according to a person with knowledge of the interaction.
Mr. Trump, unaccustomed to ceding the floor, let him make his point.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — With the House vote on the Republican health care bill looming on Thursday, Democrats are unified in their opposition.
Lawmakers have echoed the same talking points, exaggerating the bill’s effect on insurance pools, employment and income inequality.
Here is an assessment of their claims.
This is misleading. Ms. Pelosi, the minority leader, may have used the report from the Congressional Budget Office to criticize the Republican bill, called the American Health Care Act, but she overstated the causality.
The budget office estimated that the bill would increase the number uninsured by 14 million next year, and by 24 million by 2026.
Ms. Pelosi’s description of “people kicked off of heath insurance” could reasonably apply to those who would lose coverage from the bill’s changes to Medicaid, or those whose employers would no longer have to offer group plans.
But the 24 million figure also includes people who would choose not to have insurance, such as those who would forgo coverage absent the individual mandate to buy it, as well as those who would elect to not pay high premiums.
This needs context. After Ms. Pelosi issued a news release citing a report from the Center for American Progress, a liberal think tank, many congressional Democrats adopted this talking point. But the report’s findings come with a few caveats.
The center based its report on a more comprehensive study by George Washington University and the Commonwealth Fund conducted before details of the Republican bill were known. That study estimated that repealing federal funding for the Medicaid expansion and subsidies for health insurance would lead to almost three million fewer jobs by 2021 compared with “the baseline model.”
After the Republicans released their bill, the center adjusted the study’s findings to take into account the bill’s changes to tax credits and Medicaid, and concluded that it would lead to 1.8 million fewer jobs by 2022. Leighton Ku, a health policy professor at George Washington University and the lead author of the initial study, said he could not confirm the center’s analysis but agreed that the bill was likely to lead to substantially fewer jobs than under current law.
But that figure does not imply large, immediate layoffs. Rather, 1.8 million is the difference between the number of jobs that the United States would gain over five years by leaving the current law intact versus repealing it.
In other words, repeal would set back job growth by a year or two, said Josh Bivens, a labor economist at the left-leaning Economic Policy Institute. “It’s clearly a fiscal drag,” he said.
Mr. Ku’s study also fails to take into account the effect of the bill’s tax cuts on employment, said Joseph Antos of the conservative American Enterprise Institute. Mr. Bivens’s analysis of a repeal of the Affordable Care Act estimated that tax cuts would lead to about 150,000 more jobs by 2019, but an overall loss of 1.2 million jobs.
Mr. Antos pointed to a 2014 Congressional Budget Office report that estimated that the Affordable Care Act would lead to a decline of 2.3 million jobs by 2024 (from people voluntarily leaving the labor force) that he characterized as careful and unbiased. Still, it was cited by John A. Boehner, then the House speaker, to claim that the law would “destroy” jobs.
“It’s the pot calling the kettle black,” Mr. Antos said. “Now they’ve switched positions on the stove.”
This needs context.  The Congressional Budget Office and Congress’s Joint Committee on Taxation estimated that tossing out a payroll tax increase and a tax on net investment income that affect just the top 5 percent of income earners would account for nearly $275 billion of the tax cuts.
But the other cuts affect everyone. The bill would also repeal the health insurance tax ($145 billion), a sales tax on providers of health insurance that largely affects people who buy their own insurance and those who work for small companies, according to the budget office. Repeal of the individual mandate penalty would primarily benefit low-income people, said Roberton Williams of the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center.
Still, Mr. Sanders, an independent from Vermont, has a point that overall the wealthy would see the most benefits. According to the Tax Policy Center, two-thirds of the cuts would benefit the top 20 percent of taxpayers, with 40 percent going to the top 1 percent of income earners.
This is misleading. Mr. Takano, of California, created a “Republicans’ March Madness” bracket on Twitter, pitting insurance executives against Medicaid and pharmaceutical chief executives against low-income families. But the chiefs of health care companies are not really playing.
As PolitiFact has reported, the bill would allow insurance companies to claim a greater tax deduction for executive pay, removing the Affordable Care Act’s $500,000 cap, effectively raising it to the $1 million general cap for other businesses.
So insurance executives would not personally benefit from this change, at least directly. It is possible, though, that companies would raise the salaries of their executives to claim the greater tax deduction.
This needs context. Insurers are barred from denying coverage to those with a pre-existing condition or from charging people more money based on their health history, and the Republican bill would not change this.
The bill, however, would allow insurers to charge more for people who have been without coverage for more than 63 days. This could affect people who, for example, have to leave work because of an illness or injury and lose employer-based coverage.
As The New York Times has reported, the bill’s overall theme of deregulating the insurance market could cause more uncertainty. But as even Ms. Sánchez, of California, went on to note, insurers would “still have to sell policies to people with pre-existing conditions.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee grilled Judge Neil M. Gorsuch on Tuesday about torture and presidential power. It was in reference to President George W. Bush’s claim in December 2005 that, as the commander in chief, he could bypass a statute in which Congress had tightened anti-torture rules. The recurring questions on this issue at Judge Gorsuch’s Supreme Court confirmation hearing renewed interest in an unresolved dispute over the scope and limits of presidential power in national security matters.
What was the dispute about?
After the attacks on Sept. 11, 2001, the Bush administration set up an interrogation program to torture terrorism suspects in overseas C.I.A. prisons. It relied on secret Justice Department memos that blessed techniques like waterboarding and prolonged sleep deprivation as lawful. After that came to light, Congress enacted the Detainee Treatment Act in December 2005. Its centerpiece, championed by Senator John McCain, a Republican, barred interrogators from inflicting cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment on prisoners anywhere in the world.
Mr. Bush signed the bill. But he also issued a signing statement laying out his official interpretation of the new law. It essentially said the Constitution empowered him to bypass the statute under his powers as commander in chief, a claim that set off legal and political controversy.
What does that have to do with Judge Gorsuch?
In 2005, Mr. Gorsuch was a senior official in the Justice Department, where he dealt with many war-on-terror controversies, including negotiations with Congress about the Detainee Treatment Act. A recently disclosed email chain showed that Mr. Gorsuch was involved in the internal deliberations that led to the signing statement.
Did Judge Gorsuch draft the disputed claim?
No. The emails show that there was a dispute over what Mr. Bush’s signing statement should say. David S. Addington, the counsel to Vice President Dick Cheney, wanted a curt line claiming the president could bypass the ban. John B. Bellinger III, the top lawyer in the State Department, wanted a more expansive statement putting a positive spin on the act. On Tuesday, Judge Gorsuch said he had been aligned with Mr. Bellinger’s faction, which “wanted a gentler signing statement,” but lost.
The emails support his account. Mr. Bellinger recalled in an interview that he had wanted Mr. Bush to issue a longer statement welcoming the legislation. He was concerned that Mr. Addington’s proposed statement “seemed to tell Congress we don’t care what they think or what we agreed, and that the president would interpret the legislation however he pleases. I sought to recruit Neil Gorsuch as an ally to make this argument to the White House, and he agreed.”
Does that mean he thought the act required the administration to end its interrogation program?
No. The alternative draft that Judge Gorsuch backed made the case that the new torture ban was best read as merely codifying existing interrogation policies. He argued in an email that his preferred version of the draft “would help inoculate against the potential of having the administration criticized sometime in the future for not making sufficient changes in interrogation policy in light of the McCain portion of the amendment.”
To put that in context: Earlier in 2005, the Justice Department’s Office of Legal Counsel wrote a memo, then secret, concluding that none of the Bush administration’s “enhanced interrogation techniques” — not even waterboarding — were cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment. (The Obama administration withdrew that memo in 2009.)
Senator Dianne Feinstein, a Democrat, told Judge Gorsuch on Tuesday that she read his email “as advocating a continuing of these interrogation techniques and, worse, saying that Senator McCain’s amendment actually codified them, which it did not. Is that true? And doesn’t it mean when you wrote this in an email, you were condoning waterboarding as lawful?”
Judge Gorsuch said he wanted to read his 2005 email again before commenting. She agreed to let him answer the question later.
What else did he say about torture and the law?
Senator Patrick J. Leahy, a Democrat, asked if a president could authorize torture that violates laws passed by Congress. Judge Gorsuch replied, “No man is above the law.”
And Senator Lindsey Graham, a Republican, asked, “Do you agree with me that the Detainee Treatment Act prevents waterboarding?”
Judge Gorsuch replied, “Yes, senator, that is my recollection of it.”
Mr. Graham then suggested that if President Trump started waterboarding prisoners, he could be impeached and prosecuted. Judge Gorsuch declined to comment on those possibilities, but repeated: “No man is above the law. No man.”
Does saying the president is not “above the law” really answer the question?
No. Advocates of strong presidential powers, like Mr. Bush’s legal team, did not argue he was “above the law.” They put forward a different understanding of what “the law” meant. In their interpretation, the president could lawfully override statutes in which he decided Congress had impermissibly encroached upon wartime authorities that the Constitution exclusively assigned to him.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Counterintelligence investigation. Wiretapping. Unauthorized disclosures of classified national security secrets.
Those phrases punctuated congressional testimony on Monday when the F.B.I. director, James B. Comey, said for the first time publicly that the bureau was conducting a counterintelligence investigation into whether members of the Trump presidential campaign worked with Russia to influence the 2016 election. Mr. Comey’s comments introduced many concepts that most people rarely hear.
The intelligence community has concluded that the Russian government employed a variety of tactics — including the hacking and release of Democrats’ emails — to sway the election against Hillary Clinton.
Here are some answers to questions that came out of Mr. Comey’s testimony:
Unlike a typical criminal investigation into organized crime or drug trafficking, a counterintelligence case is not typically focused on prosecuting someone. It is more spycraft than law enforcement. Every day, teams of F.B.I. agents listen to wiretaps on foreign officials and conduct surveillance on people suspected of being foreign agents in cities around the country. But once they know someone is a spy, they do not necessarily swoop in with handcuffs. In the counterintelligence world, it is often most valuable to watch these people — maybe for years — and learn whom they talk to, what their mission is and how they operate.
Counterintelligence is about finding out how America’s foreign adversaries are conducting espionage, and preventing it. Although counterintelligence cases rarely receive attention, the issue is considered the F.B.I.’s top priority after counterterrorism.
Not often, but there are exceptions. The Justice Department is aggressive in prosecuting people who steal trade secrets. And American turncoats like Aldrich Ames of the C.I.A. and Robert Hanssen of the F.B.I. are serving life sentences for spying on behalf of Russia.
In this instance, the F.B.I. is investigating the very broad matter of Russian meddling in the 2016 election. Typically, the goal of such a case would be to thoroughly understand what happened and prevent it from happening again. But Mr. Comey added that as part of that investigation, agents were asking whether Mr. Trump’s campaign colluded with Russia. That opens up the possibility of criminal charges.
Counterintelligence cases are among the most difficult, time-consuming inquiries the F.B.I. conducts. It is not unusual for an investigation to go on for years. The obstacles are typically great, including the fact that the United States cannot openly gather intelligence in foreign countries. At the hearing, Mr. Comey appeared to acknowledge as much. “This investigation began in late July, so for counterintelligence investigation, that’s a fairly short period of time,” he said.
Compare this with the F.B.I.’s last prominent, politically charged national security investigation: the inquiry into Mrs. Clinton’s private email server. At this point in that investigation — eight months in — F.B.I. agents were fairly confident they had a handle on the scope of the evidence and believed it was unlikely anyone would be charged. They had a timeline and could predict that the investigation was close to completion. That is not the case here.
Yes and no. The F.B.I. has the authority to investigate crimes, but the mere fact that agents are looking at Mr. Trump’s aides does not mean they can prove wrongdoing. In fact, American officials have said there is no proof of collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign. Still, current and former officials say they have uncovered evidence that Mr. Trump’s associates were in repeated contact with Russians. The F.B.I. is scrutinizing those contacts.
It is hard to say because nearly everything that counterintelligence agents do is classified. Even their investigative methods are considered too secret to make public. The New York Times has reported that some of the evidence uncovered so far came from intercepted conversations between officials inside the Kremlin who discussed their meetings with Mr. Trump’s associates. The United States, like other countries, also has a worldwide network of paid informants who provide information about the inner workings of foreign governments. And the F.B.I. has access to waves of reports from other intelligence agencies and foreign allies.
It doesn’t, really. In a barrage of tweets this month, Mr. Trump accused President Barack Obama of having him wiretapped at Trump Tower during the campaign. That claim has since been rejected by Mr. Obama and all corners of the federal government. Mr. Comey and the director of the National Security Agency, Adm. Michael S. Rogers, said definitively on Monday that there was no evidence that such eavesdropping occurred.
Whether calculated or not, Mr. Trump’s Twitter posts provided a confusing distraction in the discussion about Russian interference. Though the claims have been widely rejected by Mr. Trump’s own national security officials, the White House stands by them and believes that the president will be proved correct. But some members of the House and Senate Intelligence Committees from both parties have indicated that no evidence exists — and that they will focus instead on questions of Russian meddling in the election.
What could come of Republican lawmakers’ calls for the F.B.I. to crack down on national security leaks? Mr. Comey declined to say whether the bureau was conducting any leak investigations. But he talked repeatedly about the seriousness raised by these types of disclosures, giving the impression that the F.B.I. will be investigating them.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump on Tuesday turned up the pressure on recalcitrant Republicans to support a sweeping bill to overhaul the health care system, threatening wavering lawmakers in his party with political payback if they failed to get behind a measure that has become an early test of his negotiating power.
In a series of meetings and phone calls at the White House and on Capitol Hill, Mr. Trump, Vice President Mike Pence and Republican congressional leaders haggled with holdouts over details as they struggled to assemble a majority to support a bill that would repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. The legislation is scheduled for a floor vote on Thursday in the House.
But at a private meeting with House Republicans at the Capitol, the president also delivered a blunt warning that many of those present would lose their seats in next year’s midterm congressional elections if the effort failed.
“I’m going to come after you,” Mr. Trump told Representative Mark Meadows, Republican of North Carolina, a prime holdout and the chairman of the conservative Freedom Caucus, a hotbed of concern about the legislation, according to several people in the room who described his comments on condition of anonymity because the session was private. “I believe Mark and his group will come along, because honestly, a loss is not acceptable, folks.”
Mr. Trump told Republicans at the meeting that after voting repeatedly to repeal the health care law and campaigning in 2016 on doing so, they had an obligation to back the bill and would lose their majority if they “blow it,” attendees said.
Despite the day’s feverish efforts — a combination of cajoling, browbeating and horse-trading that recalled Democrats’ efforts to pass the law in 2010 — White House and congressional officials conceded Tuesday that they still lacked the votes to pass the bill. As many as three dozen Republicans remain opposed or unpersuaded, according to one aide with knowledge of the process, who spoke on condition of anonymity to describe internal discussions.
It is not clear whether Mr. Trump would be able to exact a political price from Republicans who opposed the measure; conservative groups including the Club for Growth and Heritage Action for America were lining up against the legislation and pressuring lawmakers to oppose it, raising questions about whether it would be possible to mount a successful primary challenge to defectors. And some Republicans said the political peril would be greater if they supported the health care bill, which they said failed to achieve their goals or those of their constituents.
“I think if we do do this, we lose the majority,” said Representative Mo Brooks, an Alabama Republican and a member of the Freedom Caucus, who said he remained opposed.
Representative Leonard Lance of New Jersey, one of the nearly two dozen Republicans from districts that Mr. Trump lost in 2016, said he was leaning strongly toward a “no” vote. “I campaigned in support of a repeal-and-replace bill that would make health care more affordable and accessible and provide a smooth transition to those who were forced into Obamacare through no fault of their own,” Mr. Lance said. “The bill, as currently drafted, does none of these things.”
It is also not clear whether Mr. Trump, whose popularity has fallen from what was already a historically low point since he took office, is capable of rallying the public behind a plan that is also viewed negatively. Mr. Trump’s approval rating sank to 37 percent in Gallup’s daily tracking poll on Monday. That is only slightly higher than the 34 percent who favor the health measure, according to a Fox News poll last week, compared with 54 percent who were opposed.
The use of a political threat was a classic tactic for Mr. Trump, who keeps a running mental tally of his backers and detractors, and frequently boasts of his efforts to exact revenge from those who have crossed him.
“We’re going to make sure to remember those who stood by us, and who stood by the word that they gave to their voters,” said Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary.
Mr. Trump has not focused on the specifics of the health care bill, arguing in recent days that he is more concerned with pushing it through Congress so he can move on to issues he cares more about, including a large tax cut.
At a fund-raiser for House Republicans on Tuesday night, Mr. Trump said he was eager to cut taxes, but had “no choice” but “to go with the health care first.”
But he has been putting the full power of the White House behind the effort to sell the health bill.
Besides his meeting at the Capitol on Tuesday, he met at the White House with about a dozen members of the centrist Tuesday Group. On Wednesday morning, he is scheduled to meet with members of the Freedom Caucus. Over the weekend, he summoned three prominent conservative critics — Mr. Meadows, Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and Senator Mike Lee of Utah — to his Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida for meetings with Stephen K. Bannon, his chief strategist, to discuss their concerns about the bill.
“He made it very clear he’s all in on this legislation,” said Representative Kevin Brady, Republican of Texas and the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee. “This is a historic moment and a historic promise for Republicans to deliver on this Thursday.”
Speaker Paul D. Ryan was upbeat after the Capitol meeting. “The president just came here and knocked the ball out of the park,” he said. “He knocked the cover off the ball.”
But Mr. Meadows said he was neither bothered nor persuaded by Mr. Trump’s warning that he would lose his constituents’ support if he did not fall in line.
“I believe that I’m representing them in opposing this bill, because it won’t lower premiums,” he said. “Until it does, I’m going to be a ‘no,’ even if it sends me home.”
A prime concern for holdouts was the measure’s lack of provisions to relax federal health insurance regulations that require insurers to provide certain minimum benefits and to spend certain percentages of premium revenues on medical care.
White House officials argued privately that if they included such language in the bill, they would run into procedural problems in the Senate, where the measure is to be considered under special rules that apply to “budget reconciliation” bills. Those rules allow such legislation to be approved with a simple majority — meaning Republicans could push the bill through without any Democratic backing — but to qualify, the provisions must affect spending or revenues.
For other House members, the health bill has been an opportunity to deal. As part of the discussions, Representative Mario Diaz-Balart, Republican of Florida, made it clear to White House officials that he wanted assurances that the president would hold to his pledge to consider reversing President Barack Obama’s opening with Cuba, the White House official said. Mr. Diaz-Balart backed the measure in the Budget Committee last week, although the official said there had been no explicit discussion of trading his vote for a promise on Cuba.
Representative Claudia Tenney, Republican of New York, said she was likely to support the bill after House leaders added a section that would shift Medicaid costs from New York’s counties to the state government.
House leaders also included provisions to allow states to impose a work requirement for certain able-bodied Medicaid beneficiaries, and to allow states to choose a lump-sum block grant to fund Medicaid.
Both of those provisions were meant to win over conservatives, and Mr. Ryan presented the health bill on Tuesday as an improved product that had been refined as much as possible to reflect lawmakers’ concerns — and that now needed to be approved so lawmakers could fulfill their promise to repeal the health law.
“In this day and age, and in this business, in politics, if you get 85 percent of what you want, that’s pretty darn good,” he told reporters.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Intelligence showing that the Islamic State is developing a bomb hidden in portable electronics spurred the United States and Britain on Tuesday to bar passengers from airports in a total of 10 Muslim-majority countries from carrying laptop computers, iPads and other devices larger than a cellphone aboard direct inbound flights, two senior American counterterrorism officials said.
Two additional American officials said the explosives were designed to be hidden in laptop batteries. All four spoke on condition of anonymity as they were not authorized to publicly discuss the sensitive information.
The Trump administration maintained that the new restrictions did not signal a credible, specific threat of an imminent attack. Officials said the alert reflects concerns that the Islamic State is ready — or soon will be — to launch new capabilities against the West. Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, declined to address the intelligence during a news media briefing on Tuesday.
Officials said passengers still could carry cellphones and other small devices into the airplane’s cabin, while larger items like laptops would have to be stowed with checked luggage.
In all, airports in 10 countries, stretching from North Africa to the Mideast and into Turkey, are affected by the new restrictions. Both the United States and Britain have imposed the ban on flights from some airports in Egypt, Jordan, Saudi Arabia and Turkey.
Washington also has restricted some flights from Kuwait, Morocco, Qatar and the United Arab Emirates. London, meanwhile, has additionally restricted flights from some airports in Lebanon and Tunisia.
The targeting of a jetliner using explosives shows how the Islamic State, which has long worked to inspire terrorist attacks, is trying to compete with groups like Al Qaeda’s affiliate in Yemen. The Qaeda affiliate has spent years inventing explosives that are difficult to detect, including trying to disguise bombs in devices like cellphones. Now, American intelligence officials believe the Islamic State has also developed explosives that can be hidden in electronic devices, one of the senior counterterror officials said.
Representative Peter King, Republican of New York, who sits on the House Intelligence and Homeland Security Committees, said that government officials had called him on Saturday to alert him to the impending ban.
“It was based on intelligence reports that are fairly recent,” Mr. King said in a telephone interview. “Intelligence of something possibly planned.”
The Department of Homeland Security said the restricted items on flights to the United States included laptop computers, tablets, cameras, travel printers and games bigger than a phone. The restrictions would not apply to aircraft crews, officials said in a briefing to reporters to outline the terms of the ban.
The American ban on electronics applies only to flights on foreign carriers. It does not affect American-operated airlines, since they do not fly directly to the United States from 10 designated airports in eight countries — Amman, Jordan; Cairo; Istanbul; Jidda and Riyadh in Saudi Arabia; Kuwait City; Casablanca, Morocco; Doha, Qatar; and Dubai and Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates. Officials did not say how long the ban would remain in place or if other airports would be added.
In all, an estimated 50 flights each day into the United States would be affected. One of the world’s busiest airports, in Abu Dhabi, already requires American-bound passengers to undergo strict screening by United States customs officials before boarding flights. Abu Dhabi is one of 15 airports in the world to employ the Homeland Security preclearance techniques.
Several hours after the American action, the British government announced its own ban on electronic devices on flights.
The British ban affects domestic and foreign airlines, including British Airways, the country’s largest. Foreign airlines affected by the order include Turkish Airlines, EgyptAir and Royal Jordanian, among others, and it affects direct flights to the United Kingdom from Turkey, Lebanon, Jordan, Egypt, Tunisia and Saudi Arabia.
A British official said the U.K. ban resulted from the combination of an evolving threat picture and a proliferation of electronic devices that airline passengers carry on board.
Examples of attacks by extremist groups against transportation hubs over the past two years include the October 2015 bombing of an airliner in Egypt, the attempted airliner downing in Somalia last year and armed attacks against airports in Brussels and Istanbul in 2016.
The new bans on electronic devices have prompted a round of protests from passengers who now face the prospect of flying long hours without the use of laptops or tablets.
Banu Akdenizli, an associate professor of communication at Northwestern University’s campus in Doha, complained that the ban would affect her ability to work during a long flight to Greensboro, N.C., for a conference in April.
“This is a 20-hour flight,” she said. “I think as an academic or any business traveler, the function of a work flight is to be able to work on it, especially if you’re going to a conference.”
Osama Sharshar, a prominent Egyptian lawmaker and journalist who frequently travels to the United States, was critical of the changes and suggested President Trump issued the order simply to “please the right-wing extremists in America.”
“It will terribly affect me as a journalist, a lawmaker and a regular Egyptian,” he said. “I work on planes all the time. And the flight to the States is very long.”
The Homeland Security Department’s new ban appeared to take officials from some of the affected countries by surprise.
Ahmet Arslan, Turkey’s transport, maritime and communication minister, said the ban would be harmful to the United States’ airline industry — and to Turkey’s.
“Our problem is not how the practice would take place,” Mr. Arslan said. “The issue is, it can decrease the comfort of the passengers and reduce the numbers of passengers. We are emphasizing that this is not in the benefit of passengers, and we think that they should step back from this or ease it.”
Counterterrorism experts seemed equally divided over the need for the device ban.
Michael Chertoff, the former Homeland Security secretary, said the new policy made sense given the threats to aircraft from explosive devices and concerns about screening at the targeted airports.
“The challenge is to balance security without making it impossible to fly,” Mr. Chertoff said.
But Erroll Southers, director of the Homegrown Violent Extremism Studies Program at the University of Southern California, said the new guidance would do little to enhance security.
“This does little to minimize the threat of a remote-controlled I.E.D.,” he said, referring to improvised explosive devices hidden in checked baggage.
American intelligence officials did not cite threats against domestic airports, but one said the Transportation Security Administration has been on heightened alert at several airports. It was not clear if that alert was related to the new restrictions on electronic devices.
The restrictions follow other recent changes the T.S.A. has made in aviation security. Two weeks ago, the agency adopted enhanced pat-down searches for passengers at United States airports, a response to what it said were weaknesses in airport screening measures. Under the new rules, passengers will no longer be allowed to choose what type of searches they undergo in security lines.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Here are some highlights from Day 2 of the Supreme Court confirmation hearing for Judge Neil M. Gorsuch:
■ Senator Patrick J. Leahy, Democrat of Vermont, pressed Judge Gorsuch on a central question: Can he hold President Trump accountable? “No man is above the law,” he said.
■ Judge Gorsuch said no one from the White House had asked him to make any commitments on legal issues. “I have offered no promises on how I’d rule to anyone on any case,” he said.
■ The nominee refused to say how he would rule on many issues, including abortion, gun rights and Mr. Trump’s travel ban.
■ Judge Gorsuch praised Judge Merrick B. Garland, but declined to wade into the partisan fight. “I can’t get involved in politics,” he said.
■ He sidestepped many efforts by Democrats to offer his views on previous Supreme Court rulings. Democrats could cite his answers later as evasive responses that persuaded them to vote against him.
■ Senator Dianne Feinstein, Democrat of California, asked Judge Gorsuch about his participation in defending the George W. Bush administration’s policies in the war on terror, like torture, when the judge was a Justice Department official in 2005-6. Judge Gorsuch said he was a lawyer and not a policy maker then.
■ Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, said he was comforted that President Trump had chosen Judge Gorsuch. “Quite frankly, I was quite worried about who he’d pick. Maybe somebody on TV.”
Senator Al Franken, Democrat of Minnesota, was perhaps the most aggressive questioner so far. He turned first to the case of a truck driver who abandoned his broken rig in frigid conditions and was fired. He asked Judge Gorsuch, who in a dissent said the dismissal should be upheld, what he would have done if he were faced with the same situation as the driver.
“I’m asking you a question, please answer the question,” Mr. Franken said, as the nominee demurred.
When Judge Gorsuch began to defend his vote again, the senator cut in. “That’s absurd,” said Mr. Franken, a veteran of “Saturday Night Live” in a previous life. “Now, I had a career in identifying absurdity. And I know it when I see it.”
Judge Gorsuch said earlier that the case of the truck driver was “one of those that you take home at night.” But the law, he argued on Tuesday, was clear: “The law said the man is protected and can’t be fired if he refuses to operate an unsafe vehicle.”
In fact, Judge Gorsuch said, the driver had unhitched his vehicle from the trailing cargo to get to safety in frigid weather. “He chose to operate,” Judge Gorsuch said, adding, “I think by any plain understanding, he operated the vehicle.”
The nominee expressed no fondness for this particular law — “I’ve been stuck on a highway in Wyoming in a snowstorm,” he noted — but said it was his duty to observe it.
Senator Sheldon Whitehouse, Democrat of Rhode Island, said shadowy groups had spent millions of dollars in “dark money” to support Judge Gorsuch’s nomination. The senator asked the judge to urge his supporters to disclose what they had spent.
Judge Gorsuch declined, saying that would be a political move. He noted that the Supreme Court had allowed Congress to require disclosure of political spending.
“With all respect, the ball’s in your court,” Judge Gorsuch said.
Judge Gorsuch has called himself an originalist, meaning that he tries to interpret the Constitution as it was understood by the people who drafted and ratified it. On Tuesday, he said his approach could keep pace with contemporary realities.
“The Constitution doesn’t change,” he said. “The world around us changes.”
Judge Gorsuch said that the principles in the Constitution can adapt to the modern world, citing a Supreme Court ruling on GPS tracking devices. “I’m not looking to take us back to quill pens and the horse and buggy,” he said.
Outside the hearing room, Democrats are trying to weigh down the Gorsuch nomination with the baggage of investigations into the president’s orbit and Russia.
Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the minority leader, said it was “the height of irony” for Republicans to press for Judge Gorsuch’s elevation to the court after holding the seat open last year.
“Republicans held this Supreme Court seat open for nearly a calendar year while President Obama was in office,” he said from the Senate floor, “but are now rushing to fill the seat for a president whose campaign is under investigation by the F.B.I.”
Senator Richard J. Durbin, Democrat of Illinois, brought up letters submitted to the committee by two former students in a legal ethics class Judge Gorsuch taught in the spring of 2016 at the University of Colorado Law School.
The two students — one of whom signed her name — complained about comments they recalled Judge Gorsuch made in a class session about ethical issues that arose in the practice of the law profession. In the comments, the students claimed that Judge Gorsuch told them that employers needed to ask female job applicants about their intentions regarding pregnancy to protect their firms from women who were simply seeking maternity benefits.
Judge Gorsuch said that misrepresented the discussion, citing instructions in a teaching manual to explore the subject.
Judge Gorsuch also said he believed that it would be “inappropriate” for a prospective employer to ask such a question, and that he was “shocked” that every year when he asked his students whether they had been asked such a thing, many female students raised their hands.
Judge Gorsuch was asked to address the nominee who never had his hearing, Judge Garland.
“Whenever I see his name attached to an opinion, it’s one I read with special care,” Judge Gorsuch said, praising his peer as “an outstanding judge.”
But when Senator Leahy asked whether Judge Garland had been treated fairly, Judge Gorsuch demurred. “I can’t get involved in politics,” he said. “There’s judicial canons that prevent me from doing that. And I think it would be very imprudent of judges to start commenting on political disputes.”
Mr. Leahy had no such qualms. “I can express an opinion,” he said. “I think it was shameful.”
During the campaign, Mr. Trump said he would seek to appoint justices ready to vote to overturn Roe v. Wade, the 1973 decision establishing a constitutional right to abortion.
But Judge Gorsuch said that no one from the White House asked him to make any commitments on legal issues that could come before him on the Supreme Court. “I have offered no promises on how I’d rule to anyone on any case,” he said.
“I don’t believe in litmus tests for judges,” he said.
Asked about Roe v. Wade, Judge Gorsuch said, “I would tell you that Roe vs. Wade, decided in 1973, is the precedent of the United States Supreme Court,” saying that “all of the other factors that go into analyzing precedent have to be considered.”
Senator Charles E. Grassley, the Iowa Republican who is chairman of the committee, also pressed Judge Gorsuch for his views on precedent generally, naming a few cases, including a Second Amendment case and the matter of Bush v. Gore.
“I know some people in this room have some opinions on that,” Judge Gorsuch joked, declining to outline firm positions.
The nominee likened precedents to “our shared family history as judges.”
“As a good judge, you don’t approach that question anew as if it has never been decided,” he added.
Mr. Leahy brought up Judge Gorsuch’s connections with the Colorado billionaire Phil Anschutz, whom Judge Gorsuch formerly represented in private practice.
The senator noted that on Jan. 10, 2006, The Denver Post reported that there were three finalists for an appeals court vacancy — and none were Judge Gorsuch. Two days later, a lawyer for Mr. Anschutz wrote on the billionaire’s behalf to the White House counsel at the time, Harriet Miers, to suggest that President George W. Bush consider nominating Judge Gorsuch. She gave him an interview in early February and he ended up getting the nomination.
Mr. Leahy also noted that Mr. Anschutz finances conservative groups including the Federalist Society and the Heritage Foundation, which put Judge Gorsuch on the list of candidates President Trump promised to use in selecting a Supreme Court nominee.
“Are these areas of concern?” Mr. Leahy asked.
Judge Gorsuch replied that he thought his service at the Justice Department, where he had worked about seven months, was the most important issue, noting many of his former clients had said “nice things” about him when he was up for an appeals court judgeship, including the owner of a gravel pit.
Mr. Leahy scoffed, “Which one do you think the White House listened to the most, Mr. Anschutz or a gravel pit owner? I mean, let’s be realistic.”
Mr. Leahy did not ask whether Judge Gorsuch would recuse himself from cases involving Mr. Anschutz’s interests. The judge did recuse himself from such cases on the appeals court, but so far has left the door open to participating in them on the Supreme Court.
Judge Gorsuch, who had criticized liberals for preferring litigation to the political process in an article written before he became a judge, distanced himself from his earlier statements on Tuesday.
“American liberals,” he wrote in a 2005 essay in National Review, “have become addicted to the courtroom, relying on judges and lawyers rather than elected leaders and the ballot box, as the primary means of effecting their social agenda on everything from gay marriage to assisted suicide to the use of vouchers for private-school education. This overweening addiction to the courtroom as the place to debate social policy is bad for the country and bad for the judiciary.”
On Tuesday, he said he had been wrong to single out liberals. “The problem lies on both sides of the aisle,” he said.
He added that “the courts are a very important place for the vindication of civil rights.”
The top Democrat on the committee, Senator Feinstein pressed Judge Gorsuch on his involvement in several Bush-era war-on-terror disputes in which he was involved as a Justice Department official: torture, the habeas corpus rights of Guantánamo detainees, warrantless surveillance, and the scope of the president’s power as commander-in-chief to defy statutes.
In December 2005, she noted, when Congress passed the Detainee Treatment Act, which barred cruel, inhuman and degrading treatment of detainees, Judge Gorsuch advocated a signing statement that would say the new statute only codified existing Bush administration interrogation practices. The context, she noted, was that the Justice Department had issued a secret memo earlier that year saying techniques like waterboarding and prolonged sleep deprivation were not cruel, inhuman or degrading.
She asked whether Judge Gorsuch believed such torture techniques were lawful.
Judge Gorsuch declined to answer that question. Ms. Feinstein indicated she would return to the torture issue in a second round of questioning.
She also pointed out that after it emerged that Mr. Bush had authorized the National Security Agency to wiretap without warrants, despite a 1978 law requiring warrants, Judge Gorsuch had drafted a statement for Alberto Gonzales, the attorney general at the time, to deliver at a congressional hearing. His initial draft suggested that Congress lacked the authority to enact a law limiting a president’s power to conduct surveillance without warrants for national security purposes.
“Goodness no, Senator, and I didn’t believe it at the time,” Judge Gorsuch replied. He said he had been only “acting in the capacity as a speechwriter” in bringing together materials submitted by colleagues in the administration. “I was the scribe.”
Under questioning from Senator Orrin Hatch, Republican of Utah, about how to apply new technologies to constitutional principles written two centuries ago, Judge Gorsuch brought up the issue of whether police officers needed a warrant to attach a GPS tracker to a suspect’s car in order to monitor his movements. He spoke admiringly of a 2012 Supreme Court decision that applied the original Constitution in concluding that warrants were required.
“Technology changes, but the principles don’t,” he said, adding that “it can’t be the case the U.S. Constitution is any less protective” of people’s privacy than it was at the time it was written.
On the appeals court, Judge Gorsuch sometimes sided with plaintiffs in Fourth Amendment search issues even when colleagues voted for the police. Notably, though, after the Supreme Court issued its landmark GPS tracker ruling, Judge Gorsuch voted to let prosecutors in other cases use evidence that police had gathered with such a tracker in 2011, before the Supreme Court handed down that ruling, because the rule had not been clear at the time.
Mr. Grassley opened his questioning by asking if Judge Gorsuch would have “any trouble ruling against the president who appointed you.”
“That’s a softball, Mr. Chairman,” Judge Gorsuch replied, in what seemed to be a scripted response. He said he would have “no difficulty” ruling for or against any party.
He spoke of his legal hero and former boss, Justice Byron R. White, saying he embraced his “fierce, rugged independence.”
“I have offered no promises on how I would rule on any case to anyone,” Judge Gorsuch said.
Senator Ted Cruz, Republican of Texas, likes doing bits. His presidential run last year was full of them — from a recurring set of impressions from “The Princess Bride” to an elaborate re-enactment of a scene from “Hoosiers” before the Indiana primary. (His plans were felled by an ill-timed reference to a “basketball ring” instead of a rim.)
His questioning of Judge Gorsuch was no exception. Mr. Cruz began by asking the nominee, “What is the answer to the ultimate question of life, the universe and everything?”
“Forty-two,” Judge Gorsuch replied instantly. (The two explained that that was a reference to “The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy.”)
Mr. Cruz went on to ask Judge Gorsuch about the basketball skills of the nominee’s former boss, Justice Byron R. White, and to defend the Federalist Society, the conservative group that pushed for Judge Gorsuch’s nomination.
Ms. Feinstein got to the heart of Democrats’ early criticisms of Judge Gorsuch: his record on workers’ rights.
“How do we have confidence in you that you won’t just be for the big corporations?” she asked. “Those of us, I think on both sides, care very much about workers’ rights. But the record is such that one questions whether the court is capable in its current composition to give a worker a fair shot.”
She was, she added, “just looking for something” in his record to give her confidence.
Judge Gorsuch ticked off past cases in which he ruled for the little guy, calling himself “a fair judge” and noting that members of both parties have said as much.



ARTICLE
LOUISVILLE, Ky. — President Trump, embattled in Washington, traveled here on Monday to deliver a rollicking populist and nationalist appeal, promising to rewrite trade agreements, clamp down on illegal immigration and keep terrorists out of the country — all in the service of putting “America first.”
In a speech ostensibly timed to push the Republican health care law through Congress, Mr. Trump drew deeply on the themes that animated his 2016 campaign, whipping up a rapturous crowd with promises to reopen shuttered coal mines and throw lawless immigrants out of the country.
Mr. Trump promised that health care legislation would undo the “disaster” of President Barack Obama’s Affordable Care Act. But he presented it less as a cornerstone of his legislative agenda than as a necessary prerequisite to finance deep tax cuts.
“We have to get this done to do the other,” Mr. Trump declared.
For Mr. Trump, who is enduring one of the most difficult stretches of his young presidency, the rally was a chance to bathe in the adulation of a campaign crowd, a sea of people waving placards that said: “Buy American. Hire American” and “Promises Made. Promises Kept.”
“This place is packed,” he exulted. “We’re in the heartland of America, and there is no place I would rather be.”
In the packed stands of Freedom Hall in Louisville, the swirl of questions back in Washington — about the Trump campaign’s ties with Russia or the president’s debunked assertions that he had been wiretapped by his predecessor — seemed a million miles away.
That was exactly the point. Mr. Trump’s aides have used these campaign-style events to buoy their boss and provide a respite from the pileup of pressures in Washington. Mr. Trump recycled many of his favorite lines from the aftermath of his election victory in November.
“There is no path to 270,” he said gleefully, recalling the skepticism that he would win an Electoral College majority. He talked about a representative of the “fake media” who asked him recently what it would take to unite the Republican Party. “I said: ‘Wait a minute. We won the House. We won the Senate. We won the White House.’”
On the legislative business at hand, repealing the Affordable Care Act, Mr. Trump acknowledged that the Republican bill would have to be changed to make it through Congress. But he offered no details and appeared unconcerned about the ultimate outcome.
“We’re going to negotiate; it’s going to go back and forth,” Mr. Trump said. “In the end, it’s going to be great.”
Mr. Trump pointed to Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, who as the Republican leader will have to shepherd health care legislation through the Senate. “Hey, Mitch, we going be O.K.?” he said. “That health care looking good?” Mr. McConnell introduced Mr. Trump as the leader who would help the United States recover from the wreckage of the Affordable Care Act.
The president saved most of his fire for trade. He said he would renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement and other “terrible” trade deals to bring jobs and factories back to the United States. The nation, he claimed, has lost 60,000 factories since China joined the World Trade Organization in 2001.
“We sacrificed our own middle class to finance the growth of foreign countries,” Mr. Trump declared. “Ladies and gentlemen, those days are over.”
“We won’t be played for fools, and we won’t be played for suckers anymore,” the president said.
Mr. Trump noted that he had cleared the way for the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines, and would demand that they be built with American steel. He said that under its new administrator, Scott Pruitt, the Environmental Protection Agency would go from a “job killer into a job creator.”
Mr. Trump, who last week visited the grave site of President Andrew Jackson in Tennessee, added a new historical figure to his pantheon of populists: Henry Clay, the Kentucky lawmaker who served as speaker of the House and secretary of state in the early 1800s.
Clay, the president said, had pioneered an economic philosophy known as the American System, which he said prefigured his approach: steep tariffs to protect American exports and generous government spending on roads, canals and other public works projects.
“Like Henry Clay, we want to put our own people to work,” Mr. Trump said. “We believe in two simple rules: Buy American, and hire American.”
“After spending trillions and trillions of dollars overseas,” he added, “we are going to start taking care of our country.”
Mr. Trump left the capital at the end of a tumultuous day that showcased the perils and promise of his presidency.
In the House, lawmakers grilled the director of the F.B.I., James B. Comey, and the director the National Security Agency, Adm. Michael S. Rogers, about ties between the Trump campaign and Russia. In the Senate, Mr. Trump’s nominee for the Supreme Court, Neil M. Gorsuch, introduced himself in what will be several days of confirmation hearings before the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. Trump made no reference to Mr. Comey’s testimony and only a brief reference to Mr. Gorsuch. He urged the Senate to swiftly confirm “an outstanding man from an outstanding family.”
This was the third speech of Mr. Trump’s presidency that had an explicitly political theme, drawing on his campaign slogan, “Make America Great Again.” It had been conceived as a rally with supporters in a state where one of the Republican senators, Rand Paul, had expressed opposition to the Republican health care legislation, which Mr. Trump is backing.
The visit to a major coal-producing state also resonated in the context of Mr. Trump’s plans to lift emissions restrictions on coal-fired power plants, something he is expected to do with an executive order on climate issues that the administration has yet to release. Mr. Trump said he had already eliminated some regulations on the coal industry, and he promised that the executive order would do more.
“We are going to put our coal miners back to work,” he said. “They have not been treated well. But they are going to be treated well.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — House Republican leaders, trying to lock down the votes of wavering upstate New York Republicans, inserted a last-minute special provision in their health care bill that would shift Medicaid costs from New York’s counties to its state government.
The move — one of a number of late changes designed to gain more votes — would affect New York State only. It could save county governments outside of New York City $2.3 billion a year. But it could shift costs to state taxpayers or deny New York that same total in matching federal aid if the state continues to require those counties to contribute to the cost of Medicaid. Upstate New York Republicans, backed by local government officials, pressed for the measure over the angry opposition of New York’s Democratic governor, Andrew M. Cuomo.
“The more we learn about the repeal and replacement for the Affordable Care Act, the sicker New York gets,” Mr. Cuomo said in a statement Monday night.
Republican leaders were in no position to oppose the demands of back-bench House members as they scrounged for a majority of votes. Democrats used such targeted provisions to push the Affordable Care Act over the finish line in 2009 and 2010 — to the angry cries of Republicans who accused them of kickbacks and buyoffs.
Republican opponents of President Barack Obama’s signature domestic achievement accused Democrats of back-room deal making, rushed legislating and strong-arm partisan tactics, even as the health care bill plodded toward passage over months of deliberation and public debate.
But wheeling and dealing may be what the Republican leaders need to get the health bill through the House as they dash toward a vote as early as Thursday. The House leaders released a set of revisions to the bill late Monday night, including some to speed up the repeal of taxes in the Affordable Care Act.
The newly released set of changes does not directly provide more generous tax credits for older Americans, as many Republicans had been requesting, but it lays the groundwork for the Senate to enhance those tax credits at a later stage in the legislative process.
“With the president’s leadership and support for this historic legislation, we are now one step closer to keeping our promise to the American people and ending the Obamacare nightmare,” the House speaker, Paul D. Ryan, said in a statement.
President Trump and House conservatives already agreed to other changes involving Medicaid, including offering states the option of imposing a work requirement for certain able-bodied beneficiaries. They also agreed to let states choose a lump-sum block grant to fund their Medicaid programs instead of a per-capita allotment originally set in the House bill.
The changes designed to win over conservatives may still not secure the votes of some of the most hard-line among them, including many members of the House Freedom Caucus. But in a big break for Mr. Trump and Mr. Ryan, the group’s leader, Representative Mark Meadows of North Carolina, said it would not take a collective position on the bill.
That gave Mr. Trump the power to woo members one by one. The president planned to meet with House Republicans at the Capitol on Tuesday.
But House leaders also faced a problem from the other direction: Some Republicans had misgivings about the House bill not because they viewed it as “Obamacare Lite,” but because they worried that it would cause millions of people to lose health insurance or would inflict great harm on their districts.
By offering a provision to please Republicans from New York — which expanded Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act — House leaders could stand to secure several needed votes, with little risk of alienating other members.
Representative John J. Faso, Republican of New York, said the state would be provided a substantial period of time to prepare for the change.
“The New York State property tax burden is one of the worst in the country, and Medicaid is part of the reason,” Mr. Faso said.
Mr. Faso and his fellow Republicans from New York had leverage. Representative Chris Collins, who pushed for the provision with Mr. Faso, noted that House leadership “was concerned about getting the votes” to get the health bill passed.
“I suggested we put this in,” Mr. Collins said, “and the question that came back was, ‘If we do it, can we get the New York votes?’” He said aside from one member, “the rest of us, kind of as a pack, went to leadership and said, ‘Yeah, you get this in here, you’ve got our votes.’”
Mr. Collins, a former Erie County executive, said he now believed that eight of the nine Republican members of New York’s House delegation would vote for the bill. “If they did not have the New Yorkers, I’m not sure they could get it over the finish line,” he said.
Mr. Cuomo, who had already warned that the House bill would cause New York to lose billions of dollars, said the change sought by the Republicans would have dire consequences.
“The cut is so severe that the majority of hospitals, nursing homes and assisted living facilities located in upstate New York and on Long Island would be devastated,” Mr. Cuomo said.
Medicaid, which provides health care to low-income people, is jointly financed by the federal government and the states. New York raises some of its share from counties, which have long chafed under what they view as an “unfunded mandate” from Albany.
County property taxes represent only a portion of the overall amount of property taxes that are paid by New Yorkers. A much larger share goes toward schools.
But William Cherry, the Schoharie County treasurer, said upstate counties would be able to make a significant reduction to their property taxes if they did not have to shoulder part of the cost of the state’s Medicaid program.
“This would be a huge step and a great benefit to taxpayers,” said Mr. Cherry, a Republican who is president of the New York State Association of Counties.
The provision being added to the House bill would not apply to New York City, which would continue to foot the bill for its share of Medicaid costs.
Kenneth E. Raske, the president of the Greater New York Hospital Association, said the provision would be harmful to hospitals and Medicaid beneficiaries.
“Rather than providing relief for county taxpayers,” Mr. Raske said, “the state would surely respond to the lack of federal revenue through huge spending cuts,” and those cuts could pose a risk to hospitals and their patients.
Bea Grause, the president of the Healthcare Association of New York State, said the provision being added to the House bill might give “the appearance of tax relief,” but would really just amount to shifting costs from counties to the state, while still leaving patients in need of care.
She, too, warned of a devastating effect on hospitals in New York. “It adds insult to injury,” she said.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — As attack dogs go, Representative Adam B. Schiff, Democrat of California, is more labradoodle than Doberman, his partisanship disguised by a thick fur of intense preparation, modulated locution and gentle accusations.
So in a hearing on Monday of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence about Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election, Mr. Schiff, a doe-eyed former federal prosecutor, politely probed James B. Comey, the F.B.I. director, and carefully laid out the history of the Trump campaign’s contacts with Russian officials. It was a performance that showed how an avalanche of information can leverage the limited power of the minority party to damage a president.
“His public style of questioning is very similar to his nonpublic style of interacting with colleagues,” said Representative Trey Gowdy, Republican of South Carolina and another former prosecutor who as chairman of the committee investigating the attacks in Benghazi, Libya, was known for his pointed, even excitable style. “The courtroom is different from a committee hearing room in almost every way, but Adam has managed to make the transition well.”
In the hearing, Mr. Schiff successfully pressed Mr. Comey to say that the F.B.I. had no evidence to support President Trump’s claim that his predecessor, President Barack Obama, had tapped his phones in Trump Tower. Soon afterward, Mr. Comey confirmed what had been widely reported before Monday: The F.B.I. is investigating whether members of Mr. Trump’s campaign colluded with Russia to influence the election, an admission that took Mr. Schiff by surprise, he said.
It is a technique Mr. Schiff has employed repeatedly from his post as ranking Democrat on the intelligence committee, where he has pressed for a congressional authorization of military force against the Islamic State, and as a member of the Benghazi committee, where he tried to steer the investigation away from the role of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in the attack on the American government compound.
“It’s a challenge,” Mr. Schiff said. “In the minority you don’t have the power of subpoena. You have the power of relationships and the ability to shine the public spotlight on issues, but you have to use that leverage judiciously.”
Mr. Schiff, who represents a northern swath of Los Angeles County, helped found the Democratic Study Group on National Security in 2003 to go deep into national security concerns. He minors in transportation, as the author of the Rim of the Valley Corridor Study Act.
Youthful, with a ruddy and cheerful visage, Mr. Schiff, 56, whose wife is actually named Eve, comes off like the guy who in high school talked to his prom date’s mother in the kitchen about the goings-on at the community garden.
But when he wants to hit, he does. On Monday morning, Mr. Schiff poked at Mr. Trump on Twitter, where the president had retreated to make pre-emptive attacks on the hearing, one of the few that congressional Republicans have staged to air evidence of Russian tampering with the election.
As the hearing opened, Mr. Schiff moved to paint Mr. Trump’s campaign as repeatedly in collusion with Russian officials, a possibility Mr. Comey conceded is now the subject of a federal investigation.
“Is it possible that all of these events and reports are completely unrelated and nothing more than an entirely unhappy coincidence?” Mr. Schiff said. “Yes, it is possible. But it is also possible, maybe more than possible, that they are not coincidental, not disconnected and not unrelated and that the Russians use the same techniques to corrupt U.S. persons that they employed in Europe and elsewhere. We simply don’t know, not yet. And we owe it to the country to find out.”
With that, Mr. Schiff elicited responses from Mr. Comey and Adm. Michael S. Rogers, the director of the National Security Agency, by pressing them on whether the president’s Twitter messages and the statements by his aides to defend them had damaged America’s relations with allies like Britain and Germany.
Admiral Rogers concurred with a strenuous denial by the British government that the Obama administration had asked its intelligence service Government Communications Headquarters, or GCHQ, to carry out surveillance of Trump Tower. He also acknowledged that it complicated America’s relationship with Germany to have Mr. Trump refer publicly to the Obama administration’s eavesdropping on Chancellor Angela Merkel, an operation that was made public by Edward J. Snowden.
Mr. Schiff, who was born in Massachusetts, was raised by a Democratic father and a Republican mother, and he has a photo in his office of his grandfather posing with President Dwight D. Eisenhower and Henry Cabot Lodge. A graduate of Stanford and Harvard Law School, Mr. Schiff was a United States attorney in Los Angeles, where he convicted the first F.B.I. agent indicted for espionage in an old-style Cold War case involving a honey trap named Svetlana. Before being elected to Congress, he served in the California State Legislature.
Mr. Schiff has a son in middle school and a daughter at Northwestern University, and he moved his family to Washington in 2003. He alternates from family-only weekends to heavy work weekends, often spent in California, where he is thought to be considering a Senate run should Senator Dianne Feinstein, a Democrat, decide not to seek another term.
For now, Mr. Schiff is focused on all things Trump. “I don’t think any of us can say where the investigation will conclude,’’ Mr. Schiff said. “It is very much in the public interest that we try to find out.’’



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The headline from Capitol Hill on Monday was bracing: confirmation of a criminal investigation into connections between associates of a sitting president and Russian operatives during a presidential election.
But the response from Republicans was almost as striking: During hours of testimony in which James B. Comey, the F.B.I. director, acknowledged the inquiry, they shrugged off its implications and instead offered a coordinated effort to defend President Trump by demanding a focus on leaks to news organizations.
Throughout the 5½-hour hearing before the House Intelligence Committee, as Democrats tried to highlight the criminal investigation, Republicans demanded a renewed focus on how its existence was revealed in news reports months ago.
When Democrats raised the issue of Mr. Trump’s Twitter posts accusing former President Barack Obama of wiretapping him — and Mr. Comey said the F.B.I. had “no information that supports those tweets” — Republicans railed against leaks.
When Democrats pressed Mr. Comey on evidence of coordination between Mr. Trump’s associates and Russian operatives, Republicans questioned the F.B.I. director about how the names of those associates became public in news reports.
The political strategy appears clear: Republicans are betting that they can deflect attention from the investigation into the president’s campaign advisers by insisting that more needs to be done to prevent the leaking of classified material.
Again and again on Monday, the president’s allies urged Mr. Comey and Adm. Michael S. Rogers, the director of the National Security Agency, to answer for the illegal dissemination of information to reporters.
In one remarkable back and forth, Representative Trey Gowdy, Republican of South Carolina, insinuated that several top Obama administration officials — including John O. Brennan, the former C.I.A. director, and Benjamin J. Rhodes, the former deputy national security adviser — might have been the source of leaks to news organizations.
“One thing you and I agree on is the felonious dissemination of classified material most definitely is a crime,” Mr. Gowdy, whose own Benghazi investigation was known as a porous source of information to reporters, told Mr. Comey, who repeatedly refused to say that he was even investigating the release of classified information.
“I can’t say because I don’t want to confirm that that was classified information,” Mr. Comey said.
Whether the Republican approach works may depend on the outcome of the investigation itself, which remains shrouded in secrecy and is unlikely to be fully resolved within months or even years. That may lead to more leaks, and to a continuing effort by the president’s defenders to demand that they stop.
At one point in the hearing, Mr. Comey noted that leaks of sensitive government information have bedeviled the nation’s leaders since George Washington’s time, though he conceded that leakers have been “unusually active” in recent months.
“It does strike me there’s been a lot of people talking or at least reporters saying people are talking to them,” Mr. Comey said.
Representative Jim Himes, Democrat of Connecticut, nodded toward the importance of plugging leaks, saying that Republicans “will get no argument from this side on the importance of investigating, prosecuting leaks.”
But Democrats are determined to try to keep the focus on Mr. Trump, his campaign aides and Russia’s meddling in the election. Representative Adam B. Schiff of California, the top Democrat on the panel, offered a long, detailed description of the publicly available reports of Russian activity and contacts with members of Mr. Trump’s campaign.
“Is it possible that all of these events and reports are completely unrelated and nothing more than an entirely unhappy coincidence?” Mr. Schiff asked. “Yes, it is possible. But it is also possible, maybe more than possible, that they are not coincidental.”
Republicans seemed much less interested in the answer.
The effort to change the subject began with Mr. Trump, who said on Twitter early Monday that the “real story” is the “leaking of Classified information.” Later, he asked: “What about all of the contact with the Clinton campaign and the Russians?”
At the White House, Sean Spicer, the press secretary, returned to the subject of leaks again and again during his daily briefing for reporters, echoing the Republican lawmakers from the presidential podium.
Mr. Spicer railed against the “illegal leak” of the names of some of Mr. Trump’s associates under investigation. And he insisted that news organizations are refusing to cover the real story from Monday’s hearing: the need for the federal government to stop national security leaks.
Mr. Spicer also evaded questions about Mr. Trump’s associates by repeatedly returning to what he said were Hillary Clinton’s ties to Russia, even though Mrs. Clinton’s presidential campaign was hurt by Russian operatives’ hacking.
Mr. Spicer accused journalists of ignoring stories alleging that the Democratic National Committee had not provided the F.B.I. access to its hacked servers, a claim Democratic officials deny. Mr. Comey said Monday that the investigators got the information they needed to investigate the hack.
“Why? What were they hiding? What were they concerned of?” Mr. Spicer said. In confusing, rapid-fire fashion, Mr. Spicer noted accusations about “donations that the Clintons received from Russians” and decisions by Mrs. Clinton to sell “tremendous amounts of uranium” to Russia.
“Where’s the concern about their efforts on the Hillary Clinton thing?” Mr. Spicer said.
Demands for leak investigations are nothing new in Washington, where the targets of critical stories — regardless of party — are often quick to try to expose the sources of those reports. Mr. Obama’s White House was particularly aggressive in seeking the source of leaks, prosecuting more whistle-blowers than all his predecessors combined.
Mr. Trump, by contrast, appears to have had a significant change of heart regarding leaks since he won the presidential election. During the campaign, Mr. Trump frequently praised WikiLeaks, the website that investigators believe was used by Russian operatives to leak emails from the D.N.C. and Mrs. Clinton’s campaign chairman. At one rally in Pennsylvania, Mr. Trump declared, “I love WikiLeaks!”
Now, faced with leaks about the Russia investigation and the dissemination of other information from inside his administration, Mr. Trump appears increasingly frustrated that information is finding its way to reporters.
“Must find leaker now!” he said in a Twitter message Monday morning.
That, in a nutshell, was the message of the day for Republicans. But the strategy of deflection required many more words, repeated over and over for the cameras.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Reeling from a major blow to his legislative agenda, President Trump blamed Democrats on Friday after House Republicans rescinded their bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. He insisted it wasn’t an immediate priority anyway.
Here is an assessment of his claims.
False. Mr. Trump has, of course, repeatedly vowed to repeal and replace former President Barack Obama’s signature legislative achievement. While Mr. Trump never specified doing so within 64 days, killing the health care law was part of his 100-day plan, released in October, and he often promised an even more urgent timeline during the 2016 presidential campaign.
At a campaign rally in Sioux City, Iowa, in October 2015, Mr. Trump said repealing the health law would be the “first thing” he would do as president.
“We will immediately repeal and replace Obamacare — and nobody can do that like me. We will save $’s and have much better health care!” he wrote on Twitter in February 2016.
“When we win on Nov. 8th and elect a Republican Congress, we will be able to immediately repeal and replace Obamacare,” he said at a rally in November in Valley Forge, Pa.
This is misleading. Democrats have been united in their opposition since the beginning of the fight to repeal and replace the health law. But Republicans did not need Democratic support to pass their legislation.
Republicans needed 215 votes in the House to pass the bill. They have 237 out of the 435 seats, meaning they could afford only 22 party defections. Before the bill was pulled, 33 Republicans were opposed.
The White House did not immediately respond when asked if Mr. Trump ever tried courting Democratic members in the House.
This is exaggerated. As Reed Abelson and Margot Sanger-Katz have reported for The Upshot, the Affordable Care Act’s insurance markets are not “exploding,” “imploding,” “failing,” “collapsing” or in a “death spiral.”
While there are certainly issues with the current law (for example, high premiums and deductibles), the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office said in its first estimate of the Republican bill that both it and the Affordable Care Act would stabilize over the long run.
This is exaggerated. The competitive situation is not healthy in those two states, but Mr. Trump has overstated the current lack of insurers. But next year, he could be less incorrect.
Congress’s Joint Economic Committee reported, using data from the Kaiser Family Foundation, that 43 percent of counties in Kentucky had two insurers, and 49 percent were covered by just one.
Tennessee divides its marketplace into eight areas, three of which have two carriers and five of which have one, according its Department of Commerce.
With Humana pulling out of the A.C.A. marketplaces, 16 counties in Tennessee will no longer have insurers available next year, said Larry Levitt, a senior executive at the Kaiser Family Foundation. “It’s not half the state, but it is a real problem.”
This is exaggerated. Only one state, Arizona, saw its premiums double (116 percent). Changes in premium costs ranged from a 3 percent decrease in Indiana to a 69 percent increase in Oklahoma (the second highest).
This year, premiums for the benchmark plan rose by 22 percent on average across the states that use the federal marketplace or have their own exchanges, according to the Department of Health and Human Services.
This needs context. Six states — Alaska, Minnesota, Nebraska, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania and Tennessee — saw increases in the range Mr. Trump referred to.
As previously stated, the average increase was 22 percent — compared with a 7 percent increase in 2016 and a 3 percent increase in 2015. But looking at premium increases alone does not fully capture what people are paying. About 84 percent of enrollees qualify for tax credits that will help blunt the costs this year, meaning the government picks up the tab for any increase.
Premium increases affect just 3 percent of all Americans.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The assertion by the Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, Representative Devin Nunes, that he saw intelligence reports showing that government surveillance programs “incidentally” collected communications involving Trump transition team members between November and January, has further muddied an already murky imbroglio.
Mr. Nunes’s claim is part of a broader a tug of war over whether the public should focus on the F.B.I.’s  criminal investigation into possible Trump campaign coordination with Russia in its meddling in the 2016 election or, instead, on Obama-era surveillance that ensnared Trump team members and the propriety of leaks regarding what it uncovered.
President Trump, under bipartisan fire for his apparently baseless insistence that President Barack Obama wiretapped his phones at Trump Tower in October, pronounced himself “somewhat” vindicated by Mr. Nunes’s assertion. And Fox News’s Sean Hannity, a staunch Trump supporter, broadcast a segment with Mr. Nunes labeled “Trump Surveillance Confirmed.”
The developments have heightened the importance of understanding several things about surveillance practices and terms.
What is “incidental” collection?
Sometimes American surveillance programs, while targeting foreigners or foreign agents for intelligence purposes, end up intercepting private information about Americans too.
Imagine, for example, that the American government is wiretapping Ivan the Russian. Usually, Ivan just talks to other Russians. But one day, he talks on the phone or exchanges emails with Joe the American. The government intercepts Joe’s words as an “incidental” byproduct of its targeting of Ivan; the government is not monitoring Joe’s conversations with anyone else. Complicating matters, “incidental collection” can also be information about an American the government gathers by intercepting a conversation between two foreigners who discuss the American, even though he is not a participant.
Is it surprising that the government incidentally collected information about Trump transition team members?
Not really. Federal Bureau of Investigation counterintelligence agents routinely try to monitor foreign diplomats from adversary nations, like the Russian ambassador, Sergey I. Kislyak. The Times has reported that this is how the government came to intercept a conversation between Michael T. Flynn, then-President-elect Trump’s top national security adviser, and Mr. Kislyak in December about sanctions against Russia.
Mr. Nunes said the intelligence reports he saw involving incidentally collected information about Trump transition team members were unrelated to Russia. But because of his global business dealings and because he was the president-elect, Mr. Trump and his team were very likely talking to, and being talked about by, many prominent foreigners around the world whose communications the National Security Agency might target for intelligence-gathering purposes.
What are the rules for using incidentally collected information about Americans?
The government puts “raw,” or not yet processed, emails and phone calls it intercepts into repositories that intelligence analysts then query in search of messages relevant to what they are working on. They can search the repositories using keywords or the names of people related to their investigation, including the names of Americans.
When writing surveillance-based reports for broader dissemination within the intelligence community, analysts are supposed to “minimize” any privacy intrusion into Americans. Generally, this requires them to “mask” any names and private information about Americans. For example, a report citing Ivan’s phone call with Joe might recount what Ivan said to “U.S. Person 1,” rather than using Joe’s name and remarks.
When might an American’s name be unmasked in a report?
Minimization rules make an exception to the masking requirement if the American’s words and identity are necessary to understand foreign intelligence. This exception would seem to cover keeping Mr. Flynn’s identity and words unmasked in disseminated materials about his conversation with Mr. Kislyak.
Much remains murky about the separate concerns Mr. Nunes expressed this week about intelligence reports that were unrelated to Russia and contained incidentally collected information about members of the Trump transition team. Mr. Nunes has suggested that he has concerns about unmasked names in them. But the top Democrat on the Intelligence Committee, Representative Adam B. Schiff, has said Mr. Nunes had clarified that they were masked in the reports and the problem was Mr. Nunes could still tell who they were.
Is incidental surveillance a new concern?
No. Long before the present controversies, the government’s handling of Americans’ private communications that its surveillance programs collect incidentally has been the subject of a major public policy dispute.
It’s called the “backdoor search loophole” when officials search raw repositories of surveillance information intending to pull out and read any incidentally collected private messages of an American — especially when those messages were gathered without a warrant in the first place. Notably, while most agencies may only perform such a search for intelligence purposes, the F.B.I. may sometimes do so for ordinary criminal investigations too.
There are two types of warrantless surveillance that incidentally gather Americans’ private communications. Under the FISA Amendments Act, the government, while operating on domestic soil, may target specific foreigners abroad without a warrant. Under Executive Order 12333, the government, while operating abroad, may vacuum up communications in bulk, without targeting anyone.
The FISA Amendments Act will expire at the end of 2017 unless Congress enacts new legislation extending it. Privacy advocates are hoping to force the government to say how often it intercepts an American’s message incidentally through that program, and to require the government to start getting warrants before using an American’s name to query the repository. To date, there has been less discussion of imposing a similar requirement for so-called 12333 surveillance.
Who else gets to see this raw surveillance?
In January, the Obama administration completed bureaucratic work on a change that had been set in motion by President George W. Bush more than eight years earlier. It permitted the N.S.A. to share access to certain streams of raw 12333 surveillance with the other 16 intelligence agencies. This permits the other agencies to search through that repository directly and apply minimization maskings themselves, rather than relying on N.S.A. analysts to spot anything relevant and disseminate it to them in intelligence reports.
What does that have to do with all this?
Some of Mr. Trump’s supporters, like Mr. Hannity, have pushed a theory that Mr. Obama’s move — which expanded the number of officials with access to raw 12333 intercepts — may be connected to leaks like the disclosure of Mr. Flynn’s call with the Russian ambassador.
One problem with this theory is that the call was apparently intercepted under FISA, not 12333, since it was between an American and another person on domestic soil. Several intelligence agencies, including the F.B.I., the N.S.A. and the C.I.A., were already permitted to share raw FISA information.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — After several days of dramatic back and forth between President Trump and Republicans in Congress, House Republicans pulled a bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, delivering the president a staggering defeat in his first high-profile legislative effort.
That’s quite a turn of events. Let’s break them down.
Republican leaders shelved the legislation on Friday afternoon — shortly before an expected vote — after House members spent days pushing for concessions on the replacement proposal, called the American Health Care Act. A day before, after the vote was postponed, Mr. Trump demanded that a vote be held on Friday. But the bill was pulled as it looked as though it would fall shy of the 215 votes needed to pass the House.
Who decided to pull the bill? Mr. Trump and the House speaker, Paul D. Ryan, both said it was their decision.
“Ryan says that he advised Trump to pull the bill,” Julie Hirschfeld Davis, a White House correspondent for The New York Times, wrote in a live analysis. “Interesting, because Trump told us that he had directed Ryan to yank it. A lot of blame-shifting going on.”
The proposal would have replaced the Affordable Care Act, known as Obamacare, with a system of age-based tax credits to purchase insurance coverage, and its provisions brought a divide between ultraconservative and moderate House Republicans into relief.
This is the gist: The most conservative members of the House didn’t think that the American Health Care Act would go far enough to eradicate Obamacare, and moderates were concerned about an estimate by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office that 24 million Americans would be left without insurance.
Republican leaders bent to the will of the House Freedom Caucus, a group of about 30 hard-line members,  agreeing to remove several federal mandates for minimum benefits, including mental health services and some maternity care. But this move still didn’t go far enough to appease members of the caucus. And the concessions alienated several moderates.
By blaming the Democrats.
In a phone call to The New York Times on Friday, Mr. Trump noted that no Democrats had pledged to support the bill, and that they would probably seek a deal once “Obamacare explodes” because of rising premiums and declining options. Speaking later to reporters in the Oval Office, he criticized Nancy Pelosi, the House minority leader, and Chuck Schumer, the top Senate Democrat.
“Now they own Obamacare,” he said. “They own it.”
Mr. Schumer fired back on Twitter.
Mr. Trump praised Mr. Ryan for working “very, very hard.” He summed up this exercise in legislative failure as a “very interesting experience.”
But this bill was the first major test of Mr. Trump’s ability to corral members of Congress to fulfill his campaign promises, and it was a stunning failure. A president who has prided himself on his negotiation skills in the business world learned the limits of his sway in his new office.
The Affordable Care Act stays intact.
“We’re going to be living with Obamacare for the foreseeable future,” Mr. Ryan told reporters on Friday.
The president seemed to agree. “It’s enough already,” said Mr. Trump, who has been president for just over two months. The Republicans will be moving on to tax reform, which Mr. Ryan said would be an uphill battle.
In the meantime, Democrats are rejoicing. For now.
For at least the past year and a half, Mr. Trump had talked about quickly repealing and replacing the current health care law. It was a signature campaign promise.
Shortly after taking office, Mr. Trump shifted course, warning that it might take until 2018 to make sure it was done correctly.
But in this White House, a lot can change in a month, and Republicans unveiled the first version of their plan four weeks later. What followed was a series of quick changes to try to appease conservative and moderate House Republicans.
On Thursday, Mr. Trump sent a message to Republicans: Either vote to replace the Affordable Care Act, or leave it in place.
Clearly, that ultimatum backfired.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Just moments after the Republican plan to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act was declared dead, President Trump sought to paint the defeat of his first legislative effort as an early-term blip.
The House speaker, Paul D. Ryan, was preparing to tell the public that the health care bill was being withdrawn — a byproduct, Mr. Trump said, of Democratic partisanship. The president predicted that Democrats would return to him to make a deal in roughly a year.
“Look, we got no Democratic votes. We got none, zero,” Mr. Trump said in a telephone interview he initiated with The New York Times.
“The good news is they now own health care. They now own Obamacare.”
Mr. Trump insisted that the Affordable Care Act would collapse in the next year, which would then force Democrats to come to the bargaining table for a new bill.
“The best thing that can happen is that we let the Democrats, that we let Obamacare continue, they’ll have increases from 50 to 100 percent,” he said. “And when it explodes, they’ll come to me to make a deal. And I’m open to that.”
Although enrollment in the Affordable Care Act declined slightly in the past year, there is no sign that it is collapsing. Its expansion of Medicaid continues to grow.
In a later phone interview with The Times, the Senate minority leader, Chuck Schumer, ridiculed Mr. Trump’s remarks about Democrats being at fault.
“Whenever the president gets in trouble, he points fingers of blame,” Mr. Schumer said. “It’s about time he stopped doing that and started to lead. The Republicans were totally committed to repeal from the get-go, never talked to us once. But now that they realize that repeal can’t work, if they back off repeal, of course we’ll work with them to make it even better.”
Mr. Trump said that “when they come to make a deal,” he would be open and receptive. He singled out the Tuesday Group moderates for praise, calling them “terrific,” an implicit jab at the House Freedom Caucus, which his aides had expressed frustration with during negotiations.
Even so, he tried to minimize the deep divisions within his own party that prevented Mr. Ryan from securing passage of the bill, and maintained that they were six to 12 votes away from getting it across the finish line.
As Mr. Trump spoke, his voice was flatly calm and slightly hoarse, his manner subdued. He talked on a speaker phone from his desk in the Oval Office, with a coterie of aides drifting by. At one point, he welcomed his daughter Ivanka back from a ski trip.
Mr. Trump said that in states he had visited in the last two weeks, Tennessee and Kentucky, the problems with President Barack Obama’s signature legislation were evident. The president said he was now moving on to taxes and trade as priorities.
Mr. Trump described his first major legislative experience as not terribly different than what his previous negotiations as a real-estate developer had been like.
He emphatically did not fault Mr. Ryan.
“I don’t blame him for a thing, I really don’t,” Mr. Trump said. He added: “Even during the midst of negotiations I said the best thing that could happen was just to back off. I said, I’ll do it now because I’m a team player.” He said that Mr. Ryan did not apologize to him, adding: “Look, he tried. He tried very hard.”
“I’m not disappointed,” he insisted. “If I were, I wouldn’t be calling you.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Even on Fox News, Representative Devin Nunes, the beleaguered Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, could not escape the venom from his left.
Mr. Nunes, the California lawmaker, stood inside the Capitol’s Statuary Hall on Thursday evening, assuming a familiar set of positions: in front of a camera, giving cover to President Trump and defending himself.
The subject this time was his decision on Wednesday to brief Mr. Trump, whose campaign his committee is investigating, about possible “incidental” surveillance of the president or his associates. “I still think it’s the right call,” Mr. Nunes said of his decision not to tell members of his committee about his trip to the White House.
But as he spoke inside the Capitol, a committee colleague, Representative Jim Himes, Democrat of Connecticut, peered into a different camera, belonging to CNN, a few feet to the left. “It is almost inconceivable,” Mr. Himes said of his chairman’s behavior, more than loud enough to hear nearby. “Lo and behold, a couple of hours later, Donald Trump gets to put the barest of fig leaves on the outrageous tweet about Barack Obama wiretapping him.”
Since Mr. Trump took office, Mr. Nunes has proved an eager purveyor of executive fig leaves. As the leader of an investigation involving the campaign of a man he cheered vocally and served directly as a transition team official, the congressman has often appeared almost incurious about the chief subject of the inquiry.
Of greater concern in the intelligence sphere is his recent burst of media exposure, with a public speaking style that can at times seem cavalier while discussing sensitive information. This has led to misgivings about sharing national security details with him, a senior American intelligence official said.
Many lawmakers crave attention, racing to microphones and pounding lecterns in search of cable news glory. But Mr. Nunes, who can seem by turns earnest and reticent in person, is something different: After over a decade in the House, he has appeared to lurch haphazardly into the spotlight, like Kramer entering a room on “Seinfeld,” straining to keep his balance as a human shield in Washington’s daily Trump wars.
Mr. Nunes said on Fox News that he felt he “had a duty and obligation” to tell Mr. Trump about the possible surveillance. “Because as you know, he’s taking a lot of heat in the news media.”
Now the president has company in that regard: Mr. Nunes, a former dairy farmer, elected to Congress in 2002 at age 29, from a deep-red section of a deep-blue state. The Democratic National Committee has even adopted a new label for him: “White House stooge.”
It was not always thus. Mr. Nunes was 23 when he was first elected to public office, as a board member of a local community college where he had started his higher education. Eyeing his first campaign, Mr. Nunes sought advice from Representative Jim Costa, a Democrat who is also from the Central Valley in California and was serving in the State Legislature at the time.
Both belonged to the area’s tight-knit Portuguese community. Mr. Costa said he recognized a familiar drive. “We all show that kind of interest when we’re in our 20s and 30s, and we want to try to get an opportunity to see if we can make a difference,” Mr. Costa said.
Until recently, Mr. Nunes’s most memorable flourish in the House was his blistering assessment in 2013 of Republicans who were willing to shut down the federal government over President Obama’s health law: “lemmings with suicide vests.”
Now, he has largely retained the support of his colleagues, despite complaints from Republicans like Senator John McCain of Arizona over his committee stewardship, amplifying calls for an independent commission to investigate Mr. Trump’s connections to Russia.
On Friday, Mr. Nunes summoned reporters once more to relay information that Paul Manafort, the former Trump campaign chairman with questionable ties to Russia, had volunteered to appear before the committee. Mr. Nunes also announced the cancellation of a public meeting with former intelligence and law enforcement leaders, citing a desire to bring in James B. Comey, the F.B.I. director, and Michael S. Rogers, the head of the National Security Agency, for a closed session instead. Both testified before the committee this week.
Representative Adam Schiff of California, the committee’s top Democrat, suggested that once again the chairman had acted unilaterally, this time to scuttle the hearing. And in a sign of how far their relationship has fallen, Mr. Schiff — who for weeks stood by Mr. Nunes’s side before reporters and defended him — accused him of taking that action because the White House had told him to.
This was the capper to an eventful few days for Mr. Nunes.
Presiding over a committee hearing on Monday — when Mr. Comey took the extraordinary step of announcing the agency’s investigation into whether the Trump campaign had colluded with Russia to influence the 2016 election — Mr. Nunes mustered deeper alarm over anonymous sources revealing an inquiry’s details to journalists than over the contents of the investigation.
On Wednesday, he told reporters he had received information that Mr. Trump or members of his team may have been “incidentally” swept up in foreign surveillance by American spy agencies. Pressed on whether the White House had provided him the information to produce a “feedback loop” that might aid the president, Mr. Nunes has declined to reveal his sources, saying he does not want to discourage others from coming forward — a rationale analogous to reporters’ arguments for protecting anonymous sources.
It has also not always been entirely clear what Mr. Nunes is talking about.
“Was the president also part of that incidental collection, his communications?” one reporter asked on Wednesday.
“Yes,” Mr. Nunes said, after glancing at the floor for a moment. Heads snapped up from their phones and notepads.
“Excuse me, let me just clarify,” another reporter began. “The president of the United States’ personal communications were intercepted as an incidental part of intelligence gathering —”
Mr. Nunes appeared to reconsider. “When we talk about intelligence products here, we’ve got to be very careful,” he said.
By Thursday evening, he still did not seem certain about the contents of what he had divulged. He has said he could decipher the identities of Trump associates from reading reports about intercepted communications that were shared among Obama administration officials with top security clearances. But he has stressed that he did not have evidence to support Mr. Trump’s claim of being personally wiretapped.
Regardless, the president and some allies have seized on the comments as validation.
“I mean, look, my guess is there’s probably a lot more than what I was able to see,” Mr. Nunes said, when asked if Mr. Trump was indeed vindicated. “And then he’ll have to make up his own mind.”
Democrats have said that Mr. Nunes apologized for leaving them out of the loop. Mr. Nunes, who said he would not do anything differently if given the chance, said he understood why some were upset. But he chafed at discussions of his private conversations.
“That stuff,” he said, “is not supposed to leak out.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — A 28-year-old North Carolina man pleaded guilty Friday in federal court to firing a military-style assault rifle inside a Washington pizza restaurant as he investigated spurious claims in online articles that the pizzeria was at the center of a child sex-slave ring.
The man, Edgar Maddison Welch, of Salisbury, N.C., also admitted that he transported a firearm and ammunition across state lines, a federal charge. He faces up to two decades in prison on both felony charges, but prosecutors and defense lawyers agreed he should serve no more than a maximum of seven years.
Mr. Welch, who remains in custody, is scheduled to be sentenced in June.
According to prosecutors, Mr. Welch traveled on Dec. 4 from North Carolina to the Comet Ping Pong restaurant in Northwest Washington after reading unfounded online reports that the restaurant had been harboring child sex slaves as part of a child-abuse ring led by Hillary Clinton, then the Democratic nominee for president. Prosecutors said Mr. Welch also watched YouTube videos about the false stories.
The authorities said Mr. Welch told friends that he was “sacrificing the lives of a few for the lives of many” and “standing up against a corrupt system that kidnaps, tortures and rapes babies and children in our own backyard.” Prosecutors said his friends declined to help carry out his mission.
While driving, Mr. Welch sent messages and made a video suggesting he might not return home alive.
Mr. Welch was armed with an AR-15 rifle, a .38-caliber revolver and a shotgun when he arrived at the restaurant. At about 3 p.m., he walked into the pizzeria with the rifle and holstered handgun, which was visible to employees and patrons. He left the shotgun in the car.
Prosecutors said people inside the restaurant panicked and fled. While inside, Mr. Welch fired his rifle into a locked door and also pointed the weapon at an employee carrying pizza dough.
Mr. Welch spent about 20 minutes inside the restaurant and then walked unarmed outside, where he was arrested. Prosecutors said Mr. Welch left the rifle and handgun in the restaurant.
In an interview with The New York Times shortly after his arrest, Mr. Welch said he had gone to the restaurant with good intentions. He said the “thought of innocent people suffering” broke his heart. But he also said he regretted how he handled the situation.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — House Republican leaders, facing a revolt among conservatives and moderates in their ranks, pulled legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act from consideration on the House floor Friday in a major defeat for President Trump on the first legislative showdown of his presidency.
“We’re going to be living with Obamacare for the foreseeable future,” the House speaker, Paul D. Ryan, conceded.
The failure of the Republicans’ three-month blitz to repeal President Barack Obama’s signature domestic achievement exposed deep divisions in the Republican Party that the election of a Republican president could not mask. It cast a long shadow over the ambitious agenda that Mr. Trump and Republican leaders had promised to enact once their party assumed power at both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue.
And it was the biggest defeat of Mr. Trump’s young presidency, which has suffered many. His travel ban has been blocked by the courts. Allegations of questionable ties to the Russian government forced out his national security adviser, Michael T. Flynn. Tensions with key allies such as Germany, Britain and Australia are high, and Mr. Trump’s approval ratings are at historic lows.
Republican leaders were willing to tolerate Mr. Trump’s foibles with the promise that he would sign into law their conservative agenda. The collective defeat of the health care effort could strain that tolerance.
Mr. Trump, in a telephone interview moments after the bill was pulled, tried to put the most flattering light on it. “The best thing that could happen is exactly what happened — watch,” he said.
“Obamacare unfortunately will explode,” Mr. Trump said later. “It’s going to have a very bad year.” At some point, he said, after another round of big premium increases, “Democrats will come to us and say, ‘Look, let’s get together and get a great health care bill or plan that’s really great for the people of our country.’”
Mr. Trump expressed weariness with the effort, though its failure took a fraction of the time that Democrats devoted to enacting the Affordable Care Act in 2009 and 2010. “It’s enough already,” the president said.
A major reason for the bill’s demise was the opposition of members of the conservative House Freedom Caucus, which wanted more aggressive steps to lower insurance costs and to dismantle federal regulation of insurance products.
In a day of high drama, Mr. Ryan rushed to the White House shortly after noon on Friday to tell Mr. Trump he did not have the votes for a repeal bill that had been promised for seven years — since Mr. Obama signed the landmark health care law. During a 3 p.m. phone call, the two men decided to withdraw the bill rather than watch its defeat on the House floor.
Mr. Trump later told journalists in the Oval Office that Republicans were 10 to 15 votes short of what they needed to pass the repeal bill.
The effort to win passage had been relentless, and hardly hidden. Vice President Mike Pence and Tom Price, the health secretary, visited Capitol Hill on Friday for a late appeal to House conservatives, but their pleas fell on deaf ears.
“You can’t pretend and say this is a win for us,” said Representative Mark Walker of North Carolina, the chairman of the conservative Republican Study Committee, who conceded it was a “good moment” for Democrats.
“Probably that champagne that wasn’t popped back in November may be utilized this evening,” Mr. Walker said.
At 3:30 p.m. on Friday, Mr. Ryan called Republicans into a closed-door meeting to deliver the news that the bill would be withdrawn, with no plans to try again. The meeting lasted five minutes. One of the architects of the House bill, Representative Greg Walden, Republican of Oregon and the chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, put it bluntly: “This bill’s done.”
“We are going to focus on other issues at this point,” he said.
The Republican bill would have repealed tax penalties for people without health insurance, rolled back federal insurance standards, reduced subsidies for the purchase of private insurance and set new limits on spending for Medicaid, the federal-state program that covers more than 70 million low-income people. The bill would have repealed hundreds of billions of dollars in taxes imposed by the Affordable Care Act and would also have cut off federal funds to Planned Parenthood for one year.
Mr. Ryan had said the bill included “huge conservative wins.” But it never won over conservatives who wanted a more thorough eradication of the Affordable Care Act. Nor did it have the backing of more moderate Republicans who were anxiously aware of the Congressional Budget Office’s assessment that the bill would leave 24 million more Americans without insurance in 2024, compared with the number who would be uninsured under the current law.
The budget office also warned that in the short run, the Republicans’ legislation would drive insurance premiums higher. For older Americans approaching retirement, the cost of insurance could have risen sharply.
With the House’s most hard-line conservatives holding fast against the bill, support for the legislation collapsed Friday after more and more Republicans came out in opposition. They included Representatives Rodney Frelinghuysen of New Jersey, the soft-spoken chairman of the House Appropriations Committee, and Barbara Comstock of Virginia, whose suburban Washington district went for the Democratic presidential nominee, Hillary Clinton, in November.
“Seven years after enactment of Obamacare, I wanted to support legislation that made positive changes to rescue health care in America,” Mr. Frelinghuysen said. “Unfortunately, the legislation before the House today is currently unacceptable as it would place significant new costs and barriers to care on my constituents in New Jersey.”
The bill died after Republican leaders, in a bid for conservative support, agreed to eliminate federal standards for the minimum benefits that must be provided by certain health insurance policies.
“It’s so cartoonishly malicious that I can picture someone twirling their mustache as they drafted it in their secret Capitol lair last night,” said Representative Jim McGovern, Democrat of Massachusetts. “Republicans are killing the requirements that insurance plans cover essential health benefits” such as emergency services, maternity care, mental health care, substance abuse treatment and prescription drugs.
Mr. Trump blamed Democrats for the bill’s defeat, and they proudly accepted responsibility.
“Let’s just, for a moment, breathe a sigh of relief for the American people that the Affordable Care Act was not repealed,” said Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, the House Democratic leader.
Defeat of the bill could be a catalyst if it forces Republicans and Democrats to work together to improve the Affordable Care Act, which members of both parties say needs repair. Democrats have been saying for weeks that they want to work with Republicans on such changes, but first, they said, Republicans must abandon their drive to repeal the law.
“Obamacare is the law of the land,” Mr. Ryan said. “It’s going to remain the law of the land until it’s replaced.”
Whatever success Mr. Trump had in making business deals, he utterly failed in his first effort at cutting a deal at the pinnacle of power in Washington, Democrats said.
“This is not the art of the deal,” said Representative Lloyd Doggett, Democrat of Texas, alluding to Mr. Trump’s best-selling book. “It is the art of the steal, of taking away insurance coverage from families that really need it to provide tax breaks for those at the very top.”
Rejection of the repeal bill may prompt Republicans to reconsider the political strategy they were planning to use for the next few years.
“We have to do some soul-searching internally to determine whether or not we are even capable of functioning as a governing body,” said Representative Kevin Cramer, Republican of North Dakota. “If ‘no’ is your goal, it’s the easiest goal in the world to reach.”
Representative Robert Pittenger, Republican of North Carolina, offered this advice to hard-line conservatives who helped sink the bill: “Follow the example of Ronald Reagan. He was a master; he built consensus. He would say, ‘I’ll take 80 percent and come back for the other 20 percent later.’”
Failure of the House effort leaves the Affordable Care Act in place, with all the features Republicans detest.
“We tried our hardest,” said Representative Michael C. Burgess of Texas, chairman of the Energy and Commerce subcommittee on health. “There were people who were not interested in solving the problem. They win today.”
“The Freedom Caucus wins,” he added. “They get Obamacare forever.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump, the author of “The Art of the Deal,” has been projecting his usual bravado in public this week about the prospects of repealing the Affordable Care Act. Privately he is grappling with rare bouts of self-doubt.
Mr. Trump has told four people close to him that he regrets going along with Speaker Paul D. Ryan’s plan to push a health care overhaul before unveiling a tax cut proposal more politically palatable to Republicans.
He said ruefully this week that he should have done tax reform first when it became clear that the quick-hit health care victory he had hoped for was not going to materialize on Thursday, the seventh anniversary of the act’s passage, when the legislation was scheduled for a vote.
Two of his most influential advisers — Stephen K. Bannon, his chief strategist, and Gary D. Cohn, the National Economic Council director, who had a major role in pushing the bill — came to agree, and did not like the compromise that was emerging. So on Thursday night, Mr. Trump delivered an ultimatum.
He dispatched his budget adviser, Mick Mulvaney, to a conference of House Republicans and told them they had to vote on Friday. And if the bill fails, he said, Mr. Trump will move on.
A president who prefers unilateral executive action and takes intense pride in his ability to cut deals finds himself in a humbling negotiation unlike any other in his career, pinned between moderates who believe the health care measure is too harsh, and a larger group of fiscal conservatives adept at using their leverage to scuttle big deals cut by other Republican leaders.
Over the years, Mr. Trump has proved to be a resilient operator, and even his most scathing critics do not rule out his ability to pull off some kind of a deal, even at a late hour.
“I don’t know whether he will ultimately succeed or fail, but I will tell you that President Trump is so transactional, who knows what transactions he will be willing to make to pass this,” said Representative Nancy Pelosi, the Democratic leader, who passed the Affordable Care Act in 2010 as speaker.
“So far he’s acting like a rookie. It’s really been amateur hour,” she added. “He seems to think that a charm offensive or a threat will work — that saying ‘I can do this for you’ or ‘I can do this against you’ will work. That’s not the way it works. You have to build real consensus, and you have to gain a real knowledge of the policy — and the president hasn’t done either of those things.”
Crashing on the shoals of Congress marks Mr. Trump’s first true encounter with legislative realities and the realization that a president’s power is less limitless than it appears, particularly in the face of an intransigent voting bloc. Mr. Trump is not used to a hard no — but that was the word of the week.
Before he sent Mr. Mulvaney to Capitol Hill to deliver his message Thursday night, the president met with recalcitrant lawmakers at the White House. Mr. Trump reiterated his veiled threat that Republicans who voted no would be punished by constituents who demand they fulfill their promises to roll back the law. He made clear to members of the House Freedom Caucus during a testy hourlong face-off in the Cabinet Room that they were going to have only one chance to fulfill their vows of repealing and replacing the health law, and this was it, according to people who were in the room.
If Mr. Trump has any advantage in the negotiations, it is his ideological flexibility: He is more interested in a win, or avoiding a loss, than any of the arcane policy specifics of the complicated measure, according to a dozen aides and allies interviewed over the past week who described his mood as impatient and jittery. Already, he has shown that flexibility by going back on campaign promises that no one would lose coverage when the Affordable Care Act was replaced and he would not cut Medicaid.
To Mr. Trump and his team, the health care repeal is a troublesome stepchild. His son-in-law and senior adviser, Jared Kushner, who is vacationing with his family in Aspen this week, has said for days that the bill was a mistake to support. Yet Mr. Trump wants to fulfill his party’s pledge to roll back President Obama’s signature accomplishment, but only as a prelude to building his wall, cutting taxes and pushing his $1 trillion infrastructure package.
But resistance from his own party forced Mr. Ryan to delay the vote — even if he cast it as a take-it-or-leave-it deal.
Until this week, Mr. Trump was slow to recognize the high stakes of the fight, or the implications of losing. He approved the agenda putting health care first late last year, almost in passing, in meetings with Mr. Ryan, Vice President Mike Pence and Reince Priebus, the White House chief of staff.
Staff members agreed on a hasty rollout strategy during weekend meetings earlier this month — with Mr. Pence suggesting that the president maintain distance from the proposal, urging him to refer to the bill as Mr. Ryan’s creation, according to senior Republicans.
Only in the past two weeks, as Mr. Trump focused on his continuing defense of accusations that his presidential campaign colluded with Russia, has he focused his energies and powers of persuasion on ramming through a proposal that is likely to result in the loss of health insurance for millions, according to Congressional Budget Office estimates.
On Wednesday, Mr. Trump made a key concession to fiscal hawks by agreeing to scrap the health care law’s provision mandating “essential benefits” — like outpatient visits, mental health services and some maternity care — in a bid to lower premiums. But that was not enough. Representative Mark Meadows, the North Carolina Republican who leads the Freedom Caucus, said he was still a no.
That concession also risked alienating center-right Republicans in the House and Senate, where the bill already faced an uncertain fate.
“In order to get this bill out of the House, they have pushed this bill too far to the right,” said Representative Charlie Dent, a moderate Pennsylvania Republican who planned to vote against the legislation, and who was singled out for pressure by Mr. Trump at a meeting on Thursday. “It’s a mistake. Even if it passes, the Senate will never accept it.”
David Winston, a pollster who works with the House Republican leadership, said any delay could block Mr. Trump’s entire agenda. “You’re not looking at health care in isolation; you’re looking at an agenda that they want to pursue, and obviously the next big one coming up is going to be tax reform,” he said. “Whichever came first was going to set up the other.”
But Thursday’s reality check came with a Trumpian dose of the surreal.
Mr. Trump appeared almost oblivious to the dire situation unfolding in the hours after he hosted a meeting with members of the House Freedom Caucus at the White House, where he made the case Mr. Winston pointed to — that not passing the health bill risks the rest of the Republican agenda.
In the midafternoon, a beaming Mr. Trump climbed into the rig of a black tractor-trailer, which had been driven to the White House for an event with trucking industry executives, honking the horn and posing for a series of tough-guy photos — one with his fists held aloft, another staring straight ahead, hands gripping the large wheel, his face compressed into an excited scream.
At a meeting inside shortly afterward, Mr. Trump announced that he was pressed for time and needed to go make calls for more votes.
A reporter informed him that the vote had already been called off.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The Trump Organization scored a major victory on Thursday when the agency in charge of overseeing federal government property ruled that its Trump International Hotel in a historic government building on Pennsylvania Avenue did not violate the terms of its lease when Donald J. Trump became president.
“The tenant is in full compliance,” Kevin M. Terry, a contracting officer at the agency, the General Services Administration, wrote in a 166-page ruling.
The decision came after Democrats in Congress and several government contracting experts and ethics groups had questioned if language in the 2013 lease between the G.S.A. and Mr. Trump and three of his children prohibited an elected federal official from participating in the deal.
“No member or delegate to Congress, or elected official of the Government of the United States or the Government of the District of Columbia, shall be admitted to any share or part of this Lease, or to any benefit that may arise therefrom,” the lease says, referring to the Old Post Office building, which the Trump Organization converted into the hotel late last year.
After the election, Mr. Trump resigned from his executive positions at the Trump Organization and turned over management of its enterprises to his two oldest sons, as well as to other executives who work at Trump Tower in New York. He also put his assets in a trust controlled by his sons, and made himself the ultimate beneficiary of the trust.
To further address the concerns related to the lease, the Trump Organization agreed this week that during Mr. Trump’s White House tenure it would not distribute proceeds from the Washington hotel to his trust. The agreement also says no proceeds will go “to any other entity in which President Trump has a direct, indirect or beneficial interest,” meaning he would not profit from its operations in any way.
The Trump Organization, in a statement on Thursday, praised the ruling, which Mr. Trump’s son Eric Trump, an executive vice president of the Trump Organization, predicted in an interview last month.
“We would like to thank the G.S.A. for their diligent review of this matter,” the statement said. “We are immensely proud of this property and look forward to providing our guests with an unrivaled luxury experience for years to come.”
Mr. Terry of the G.S.A. wrote in an eight-page decision memo, backed up by 158 pages of other documents and exhibits, that the Trump Organization had invested $200 million in the Old Post Office, which was decrepit before the deal. He also noted that at the time the hotel opened late last year, the government had already been paid $5.1 million in rent.
Mr. Terry said that the Old Post Office’s “historic integrity has been restored, and the wasting asset is now being put to productive use.”
The ruling was criticized by ethics watchdog groups and certain House Democrats, who pointed out that with Mr. Trump in control of the federal government, he in effect controls the General Services Administration.
The agency “changed the position it held before President Trump took office,” Representatives Elijah E. Cummings of Maryland, the ranking Democrat on the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and Peter DeFazio, Democrat of Oregon, said in a statement. “This decision allows profits to be reinvested back into the hotel so Donald Trump can reap the financial benefits when he leaves the White House. This is exactly what the lease provision was supposed to prevent.”
The G.S.A. ruling does not put the issue away. Mr. Trump is being sued by a restaurant in Washington, the Cork Wine Bar, which says that it has lost business as a result of an illegal advantage the hotel holds from its association with Mr. Trump. (The hotel contains several restaurants.)
Steven L. Schooner, a former federal government contracting officer and a lawyer who is helping represent the restaurant owners, said that even with the ruling, the conflict of interest still existed, as Mr. Trump was both the landlord, in essence, and the tenant.
“The contracting officers’ decision favors the president, who, in effect, is his supervisor,” said Mr. Schooner, who is also a professor specializing in federal procurement law at George Washington University. “We want the public to have confidence in the integrity of the government, and this smacks of cronyism.”
The hotel has also become a target of criticism because, after Mr. Trump’s election, it marketed itself to foreign government officials, urging them to hold their events there.
Critics have suggested that Mr. Trump might be violating a provision in the Constitution that bars federal officials from taking payments or gifts from foreign governments, and he is being sued over the provision in federal court.
Mr. Trump has said that he intends to donate to the United States Treasury any profits at his hotels from foreign government payments.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The Justice Department has opened a criminal investigation into a California congressman who faces allegations that he spent tens of thousands of dollars in campaign funds on family trips to Hawaii and Italy, private school tuition and dance competitions for his children, and even video games, officials disclosed Thursday.
Representative Duncan D. Hunter, a Republican from San Diego who was considered for several top national security posts in President Trump’s administration, became the latest in a string of at least eight current or former members of Congress to face criminal investigations over ethics issues in the last several years.
A five-term congressman, Mr. Hunter has already paid back $60,000 to his political campaign to correct what he said were mistaken payments for personal items.
But that has not cleared him of scrutiny.
The House Ethics Committee, which has been examining Mr. Hunter’s possible misuse of campaign funds, said in a statement on Thursday that it would put its review on hold at the request of the Justice Department.
Typically, the Justice Department asks the ethics committee to hold off on a review because it has opened a criminal investigation of its own. A person with knowledge of the case said prosecutors have notified Mr. Hunter of their criminal investigation.
“Congressman Hunter intends to cooperate fully with the government on this investigation, and maintains that to the extent any mistakes were made they were strictly inadvertent and unintentional,” said Mr. Hunter’s lawyers, Elliot S. Berke and Gregory A. Vega.
The lawyers said that Mr. Hunter learned of the possible ethics issues last year and “out of an abundance of caution, he took corrective action,” by repaying about $60,000.
The Justice Department declined to comment on the case on Thursday.
Mr. Hunter’s Democratic opponent in last year’s election tried to make the mounting reports of the congressman’s legal problems a campaign issue. But Mr. Hunter easily won re-election.
Mr. Hunter, first elected in 2008 to take his father’s seat, was an early congressional supporter of Mr. Trump’s long-shot bid for president.
As a former Marine in Iraq and Afghanistan who now sits on the House Armed Services Committee, he was seen as a possible choice for defense secretary or another top job in the Trump administration. He told The San Diego Union-Tribune days after Mr. Trump’s election that he wanted to restore “a warrior culture, a warrior mentality” to the government.
A confidential referral to the ethics committee by the Office of Congressional Ethics, which was made public on Thursday, detailed the wide scope of his possible campaign violations.
Mr. Hunter “may have converted tens of thousands of dollars of campaign funds from his congressional campaign committee to personal use to pay for family travel, flights, utilities, health care, school uniforms and tuition, jewelry, groceries, and other goods, services, and expenses,” said the ethics office, an independent body that House Republicans tried to shut down in January.
A watchdog group, Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, brought a complaint with the ethics office last April charging that Mr. Hunter’s campaign spending included family trips to Italy and Hawaii, consulting fees to his wife, payments to his children’s parochial school and $1,300 for video games that he said his teenage son mistakenly charged to a credit card.
Noah Bookbinder, the group’s director, said Mr. Hunter “has shown a blatant disregard for the rules.” He called the case “the most egregious congressional spending scandal since Aaron Schock,” referring to the former Republican congressman from Illinois who gained infamy for decorating his House office in an ornate manner inspired by “Downton Abbey.” Mr. Schock was indicted by the Justice Department last November on 24 criminal counts and has pleaded not guilty.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The Republican chairman of the House committee investigating Russian interference in the election apologized in a private meeting on Thursday for not sharing intelligence with the panel’s top Democrat before giving it to President Trump and the news media, Democratic lawmakers said.
But the expression of contrition from Representative Devin Nunes of California, the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, to members of the panel did little to quiet criticism from Democrats who said he had proved himself unable to conduct an unbiased inquiry.
On Wednesday, Mr. Nunes announced that he had received information that Mr. Trump or members of his transition team may have been “incidentally” caught up in foreign surveillance by American agencies. He said at a news conference that he had briefed Speaker Paul D. Ryan and planned to inform Mr. Trump. The top Democrat on the panel, Representative Adam B. Schiff of California, was notably absent.
Democrats said that the disclosure by Mr. Nunes, who served on Mr. Trump’s transition team, was intended to throw a lifeline to the president after his unfounded claim that President Barack Obama had tapped his phones during the election. Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, the Democratic leader, said Mr. Nunes had either been manipulated by Mr. Trump or been “a willing stooge.”
Representative Jackie Speier, Democrat of California, said Mr. Nunes had “apologized for not informing the ranking member.” Mr. Nunes’s decision to bypass the top Democrat, Mr. Schiff, and then to brief Mr. Trump, whose associates are under investigation, called into question the inquiry’s future days after its first public hearing.
By Thursday afternoon, members of the committee, including Mr. Schiff, said they had still not seen the information that Mr. Nunes claimed to have received. Mr. Schiff, who said members had expressed “profound concern” to the chairman, said Congress should create an outside commission — something Republican leaders have resisted.
“I think yesterday underscores more than any other event just why it’s important to establish an independent commission that is completely removed from any potential political interference,” he said.
Mr. Nunes said his decision to go around Mr. Schiff was “a judgment call.”
“At the end of the day, sometimes you make the right decision, sometimes you make the wrong one,” he told reporters. “But you’ve got to stick by the decisions you make.”
The credibility of the bipartisan investigation into Russian meddling relies largely on the relationship between Mr. Nunes and Mr. Schiff, who had apparently worked well together until Wednesday. While they have distinctly different goals for the inquiry — Mr. Nunes has been focused on leaks of classified information, while Mr. Schiff has sought to look into whether the Trump campaign colluded with the Russians — they have a shared desire to conduct a serious inquiry.
While Mr. Nunes said on Thursday that Mr. Trump deserved to see the information, many Democrats questioned why he, as the leader of an investigation into Mr. Trump’s campaign, would think it was appropriate to share his committee’s evidence with the president. But the committee’s Democrats said that, at least for now, they would remain part of the investigation. “Distractions will not deter us from the important work at hand, and I am as committed as ever to this investigation,” Representative Mike Quigley of Illinois said in a statement.
Asked whether Democrats were considering pulling away from the investigation, Ms. Speier said, “I am not at a point where I could say that.”
“It’s very important for us to recognize that if we are not part of the process, then it is only the Senate that is doing an investigation,” she said. In addition to inquiries by the House and Senate Intelligence Committees, the F.B.I. is also conducting an investigation.
A few Republicans also expressed apprehension about Mr. Nunes’s decision. Senator John McCain of Arizona, in an interview on NBC’s “Today” show, called his actions “very disturbing.” Senator James Lankford of Oklahoma, a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, applauded Mr. Nunes’s apology. “We follow the evidence wherever it leads,” he said on Twitter.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Presidents usually choose their words carefully, the result of personal discipline and careful vetting by White House staff.
President Trump is an exception. In an interview with Time magazine, published on Thursday, Mr. Trump veers from topic to topic, praising himself and dismissing his critics in language that sometimes is hard to follow.
For a detailed fact-check into Mr. Trump’s assertions in this interview, see this New York Times article by Linda Qiu.
Here are several passages from the interview, and analysis on what they show about how Mr. Trump thinks.
If there’s one thing that Mr. Trump hates, it is being laughed at. That is clear from this response in the Time magazine interview, when the president dismissed the critics who found humor in his pursuit of the White House.
It is also worth remembering how flustered and angry Mr. Trump appeared to be when President Barack Obama made fun of him — and made a roomful of people laugh — during the 2011 White House correspondent’s dinner. Mr. Trump has said he will not attend this year’s dinner.
No matter if the facts currently contradict him, Mr. Trump appears to have convinced himself that he will be proved correct — always — in the future.
Among Mr. Trump’s more bizarre assertions in recent days — and repeated in the Time interview — is the idea that he should not be held accountable for merely quoting someone who makes a controversial, even unproven, claim or allegation.
That idea flies in the face of the longstanding expectation that everything a president says matters. Previous presidents have been careful, for example, not to say anything that could move financial markets. Mr. Trump (along with Sean Spicer, his spokesman, who similarly quoted Andrew Napolitano during a briefing) appears to believe that quoting someone else shields him from that expectation.
* BONUS: Mr. Trump asserts in this passage that Mr. Napolitano had “three sources” for a claim about British intelligence conducting surveillance on Trump Tower. That is particularly ironic, given Mr. Trump’s attacks on the news media for using anonymous sources.
One of the staples of Mr. Trump’s rhetorical repertoire is trying to rewrite what he said in the past to fit a new set of facts that has since been revealed. This passage in the Time interview is a classic example: His comments about Sweden during a rally referred to some alleged situation the previous night. Now, in the interview, he makes it seem as though he had been prescient, anticipating a riot that happened several days later.
Mr. Trump uses this tactic a lot. But he may find it more difficult now that he is in the White House, since by tradition just about every word a president utters is transcribed.
Central to Mr. Trump’s self-image is his belief that he is smarter than the people around him. Throughout his campaign, he often bragged that he knew better than the doubters, who he predicted eventually would be proven wrong.
In addition to contradicting some of his previous assertions (in which he acknowledged that he had not known whether he would win), this passage in the interview underscores the extent to which Mr. Trump rarely allows any self-doubt to creep into his thinking.
All presidents want to know how they are doing after moving into 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. And many denigrate the job of their predecessor; Mr. Obama often criticized the economy and the foreign policy he inherited from President George W. Bush.
Mr. Trump is no exception, and this passage shows his willingness to rely on the same positive jobs numbers that he frequently dismissed as a candidate.
But his response at the end of this interview also shows how Mr. Trump’s mind works: His victory in November is the last word in the success of his administration.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — In an interview with Time magazine on Wednesday, President Trump cited The New York Times as evidence of his claim, made in a series of Twitter posts on March 4, that President Barack Obama had wiretapped his phones in Trump Tower during the 2016 presidential campaign. The F.B.I. director, other top intelligence officials and numerous Republicans have rejected this claim.
Here’s an assessment of Mr. Trump’s references to The Times’s reporting.
False. Mr. Trump was referring to an article published online on Jan. 19 and in print on Jan. 20 that disclosed that American law enforcement and intelligence agencies were examining intercepted communications and financial transactions as part of a broad investigation into possible links between Russian officials and associates of Mr. Trump.
There were in fact two different headlines on the online and print versions of the article, which is typical. At no point was either headline altered.
Times headlines often differ in print and online, in part because of variations in presentation and in part because of space. This disparity is always noted at the end of the web version and has been noted since the story was first published in print on Jan. 20.
In this case, the article appeared in print with the headline, “Wiretapped Data Used in Inquiry of Trump Aides,” followed by two subheadlines, “Examining Russian Ties” and “Business Dealings of Campaign Advisors Are Investigated.” Online, the headline read, “Intercepted Russian Communications Part of Inquiry Into Trump Associates.”
As the conservative publication National Review has reported and as the Wayback Machine’s archive of the 336 caches of the story shows, the web headline has remained the same from initial publication...
...to two days after Mr. Trump made his accusation on Twitter...
...to Thursday, March 23, the day his interview with Time magazine was published.
This is misleading. Neither the print nor online version of the article supports Mr. Trump’s accusation that Mr. Obama ordered surveillance on him.
The Times reported that there were intercepted conversations involving Mr. Trump’s associates, but it did not report that they or Mr. Trump were the subject of wiretap orders. To date, The Times has not found evidence of that.
Mr. Trump’s initial accusations specifically targeted Mr. Obama, whom The Times article does not mention. The independent fact-checking website PolitiFact rated Mr. Trump’s assertion False, and The Washington Post awarded the claim Four Pinocchios, its lowest rating, twice.
“The bald assertion that Obama had Trump wiretapped is nowhere supported by the story. That is fiction,” said Jay Rosen, a media critic and professor of journalism at New York University.
When asked if The Times article could give Mr. Trump a false impression that Mr. Obama wiretapped him, Mr. Rosen said, “It does not. No one reading it in good faith would say that.’’
American intelligence agencies typically monitor the communications of foreign officials of allied and hostile countries, and so they routinely sweep up any conversations between American citizens and those officials — called “incidental collection.”
For example, it is routine for F.B.I. counterintelligence officials to keep the Russian ambassador under surveillance. Therefore, when Michael T. Flynn, Mr. Trump’s former national security adviser, spoke on the phone with the Russian ambassador during the presidential transition, the government intercepted that conversation because it was wiretapping the ambassador.
This is misleading. Mr. Trump did put the word in quotes in two of his tweets, but explicitly accused Mr. Obama of wiretapping his phones.
“I’d bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election!” Mr. Trump wrote on Twitter in an early-morning post on March 4.
Ten minutes later, he doubled down, writing, “How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!”
Again, there is no evidence that Mr. Obama ordered surveillance of Mr. Trump’s phones, nor can a president legally request wiretapping of an American.



ARTICLE
The political news cycle is fast, and keeping up can be overwhelming. Trying to find differing perspectives worth your time is even harder. That’s why we have scoured the internet for political writing from the right and left that you might not have seen.
We would love to hear your thoughts on this collection. Send your feedback to ourpicks@nytimes.com
_____
• From National Review:
“To smear Neil Gorsuch, the Left has created and attacked a straw man.”
For originalists, there is a crucial distinction between “original intent” and “original meaning.” This is a distinction that the writer David French believes gets erased by those who oppose the legal doctrine.
_____
• From The Weekly Standard:
“It is easier to decide who we don’t want here than who we do.”
What should United States immigration policy look like after some of the more contentious debates have been settled? Irwin M. Stelzer proposes a market-based solution.
_____
• From The Federalist:
“You thought Bane was a movie character; turns out he’s a political avatar.”
Owen Strachan, a professor at Midwestern Baptist Theological Seminary, argues that at the root of the alt-right movement is a group of young men who feel left behind by society. Troubled by the rise of the movement, but also critical of the progressive culture that he argues has silenced these young men, his prescription calls for, among other things, a “savior” who will call this group to maturity and self-sacrifice.
_____
• From The American Conservative:
“He apparently went to sleep shortly after Richard Nixon declared a ‘war’ on illegal drugs in 1971 and just recently awakened from his slumber.”
Attorney General Jeff Sessions recently equated marijuana and heroin use, arguing that the former was only “slightly less awful” than the latter. Ted Galen Carpenter, a senior fellow for the libertarian policy research firm The Cato Institute, argues that Mr. Session’s positions on marijuana make him the “Rip van Winkle” of drug policy.
_____
• From Jacobin:
“Originalist textualists are no less activist than their peers. They’re just less open about it.”
As Judge Neil M. Gorsuch’s Senate confirmation hearings draw to a close, Matt McManus explains why progressives should be wary of judges who consider themselves to be originalists.
_____
• From Democracy:
“It’s big, bold, and could fit on a bumper sticker.”
Here’s a policy plan we haven’t heard from the Democrats: Guarantee every American willing and able to work a job. That’s exactly what the writer Jeff Spross advocates in a piece that is part serious policy proposal, part theoretical mental exercise.
_____
• From In These Times:
“Heritage isn’t an appendage of the Trump administration’s radicalism. It’s the heart of it.”
Though President Trump is a Washington outsider, not all establishment groups viewed his victory in November as a defeat. In a cover story for the liberal magazine In These Times, Theo Anderson chronicles the 40-year history of the conservative think tank the Heritage Foundation and connects its longstanding agenda to the current administration’s proposed cuts to the federal budget.
_____
• From New Republic:
“In declaring the media the ‘opposition party,’ Bannon may have actually done it a great favor.”
Leah Finnegan argues that the media should shed its “pompous air of self-regard” and reverence for objectivity in favor of a full-throated opposition to the Trump administration.
_____
• From Lawfare:
“Why are so many judges being so aggressive here?”
What is behind the slew of judicial responses to Mr. Trump’s executive orders on travel? Benjamin Wittes and Quinta Jurecic explore the possibility that the judiciary doesn’t quite trust Mr. Trump’s oath of office.
_____
• From The Chronicle of Higher Education:
“For at least two generations, it has been leftist professors who were supposedly addicted to tearing things down [...] But the habit now seems to be spreading.”
Welcome to Claremont McKenna College, the academic home of the pro-Trump movement.
_____
• From The Smart Set:
“I have been reading about the damned Mondragon cooperatives since the 1980s. Enough with Mondragon!”
Michael Lind has no patience for the “false utopias” of ideologues on either end of the political spectrum. Read his ringing endorsement for political pragmatism.
_____



ARTICLE
■ President Trump plans to meet Thursday at 5 p.m. with moderate House Republicans in the Tuesday Group, a group of moderate Republicans.
■ House Republicans will meet at 7 p.m. to discuss a path forward.
■ The vote scheduled Thursday on the House plan to repeal the Affordable Care Act was postponed, possibly until Friday.
Members of the hard-line House Freedom Caucus emerged from a negotiating session with President Trump without an agreement on changes to Republican’s health care bill that would satisfy them. But they were closer.
“We’re certainly trying to get to ‘yes,’” said Representative Mark Meadows, Republican of North Carolina and the chairman of the Freedom Caucus. “We’ve made very reasonable requests and we’re hopeful that those reasonable requests will be listened to and ultimately agreed to.”
Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said the president had agreed to the conservatives’ demands that the bill strip out a set of “essential benefits” required of insurance policies by the Affordable Care Act. Those include emergency services, ambulance coverage, maternity care and preventive health care.
He also confirmed that the latest version of the bill would repeal all tax increases in the Affordable Care Act this year and would add additional restrictions on Medicaid payments.
Ahead of his meeting with the House’s most hard-line conservatives, President Trump released a video pitch for the House plan to repeal and partially replace the Affordable Care Act. Bottom line: “Go with our plan. It’s going to be terrific.”
But as Mr. Trump and House leaders focus on the Republican Party’s conservatives, they are losing House moderates.
The most recent defections came from Representatives Jaime Herrera Beutler of Washington and Mark Amodei of Nevada. Ms. Herrera Beutler’s statement said, “But we can do better than the current House replacement plan, and I cannot support it in its current form.”
Mr. Amodei was no less certain.
Former President Barack Obama has been remarkably quiet as Republicans in Congress and Mr. Trump work to dismantle his signature domestic achievement.
On the seventh anniversary of the Affordable Care Act’s signing, Mr. Obama released a statement.
His bottom line: The health care law is working, but it could be improved if Republicans and Democrats work together.
A new poll by Quinnipiac University put support for the Republicans’ American Health Care Act at 17 percent, with 56 percent opposed and 26 percent undecided. Even support among self-described Republicans is not terribly high, 41 percent in favor and 24 percent opposed.
Only 13 percent of women said they favored the health proposal.
As Republicans intensified their arm-twisting, Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, the Democratic leader, panned the health care measure as “a moral monstrosity” on Thursday.
She also engaged in a little taunting, criticizing President Trump and Republicans for their 11th-hour efforts to bring party members on board.
”May be a great negotiator, Donald Trump,” she said with a smile. “Rookie’s error bringing it up in a day.”
Even if the Republicans’ American Health Care Act can find its way through the House, the eye of the Senate needle is even narrower.
Forty-three Senate Democrats put Mr. Ryan on notice in a letter that they had no intention of cooperating with Republicans to complete a remake of the American health care system. Mr. Ryan said the Republican remake will come in three “prongs.” The first will be passage of legislation through the budget process that guts the Affordable Care Act, protected by arcane parliamentary rules from a Democratic filibuster.
The next “prong” would be regulations issued by the Department of Health and Human Services. And the final “prong” would be substantive changes to the health care system that would require 60 votes in the Senate — and Democratic cooperation.
That isn’t happening, Senate Democrats declared in the letter.
Specifically, they said they would not tolerate the conservative push to eliminate so-called “Essential Health Benefits” mandated for insurance policies issued under the Affordable Care Act, which include maternity care, emergency services, ambulance services and preventive health care.
“We will oppose any efforts to lessen our constituents’ access to basic preventative and primary care,” the senators said. “Undermining the value of insurance and requiring that insurance plans cover rudimentary health care services is simply shifting more costs onto patients and taxpayers.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Senate Democrats on Thursday vowed to filibuster the Supreme Court nomination of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, signaling an imminent partisan showdown over the nominee’s fate and the future of century-old rules in the chamber.
As committee hearings on Judge Gorsuch concluded on Thursday, it appeared increasingly likely that Republicans hoping to elevate President Trump’s choice for the court would resort to replacing longstanding rules with a simple majority vote on his confirmation.
While a parade of witnesses addressed the Senate Judiciary Committee, trading dueling views of Judge Gorsuch, the Senate Democratic leader, Chuck Schumer of New York, went to the Senate floor and announced that he would try to lead Democrats in blocking an up-or-down vote on Judge Gorsuch. The Senate’s “cloture” rule requires a supermajority of 60 votes to overcome such a filibuster.
“After careful deliberation I have concluded that I cannot support Judge Neil Gorsuch’s nomination to the Supreme Court,” Mr. Schumer said, citing concerns over Judge Gorsuch’s record on workers’ rights and his degree of independence, adding, “My vote will be no, and I urge my colleagues to do the same.”
Judge Gorsuch must earn the support of at least eight Democrats to break a filibuster — a threshold he is not on track to meet, at least so far, according to interviews and internal party discussions.
If Democrats band together, the Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky, has threatened to pursue the so-called nuclear option eliminating the filibuster for Supreme Court selections. Mr. Trump has urged Mr. McConnell to take that step if necessary.
Some Republicans have expressed reservations about changing the rules, but Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said Thursday that he would relent if it meant seating Judge Gorsuch. “Whatever it takes to get him on the court, I will do,” Mr. Graham told “The Mike Gallagher Show” radio program.
Mr. McConnell has said he wants the Senate to confirm Judge Gorsuch to fill the vacancy, which was created by the death of Justice Antonin Scalia more than a year ago, before departing for a scheduled recess on April 7. Last year, Mr. McConnell led his party in refusing to consider President Obama’s choice for the seat, Judge Merrick B. Garland, during a presidential election campaign.
On Thursday, Mr. McConnell accused Democrats of engaging in “obstructionist tactics” to block a well-qualified nominee.
“Despite the judge’s outstanding performance, his exceptional background, and the extensive support he’s received from people of all political leanings, we know that some Senate Democrats will continue trying to come up with any reason to delay the confirmation process,” Mr. McConnell said of Judge Gorsuch.
During the four days of hearings, even Judge Gorsuch’s critics did not dispute his credentials. On Thursday, representatives of the American Bar Association told the committee that it had unanimously found Judge Gorsuch to be “well qualified,” the group’s highest rating. That was particularly notable in light of studies that have shown the group has tended to favor the nominees of Democratic presidents.
“We do not give the ‘well qualified’ rating lightly,” said Nancy Scott Degan, an official of the bar association.
The group had also given its highest rating to Judge Garland. Since the evening Judge Gorsuch was nominated, liberal groups have been pressuring Democrats to filibuster the vote on him.
Four years ago, when Democrats controlled the Senate and Republican senators were blockading Mr. Obama’s appeals court and executive branch nominees, Democrats changed the chamber’s rules to bar filibusters for such positions — but left the filibuster rule in place for Supreme Court nominations.
Republicans have cited this history often in accusing their colleagues of hypocrisy on Judge Gorsuch.
To eliminate the filibuster for Supreme Court nominees, Republicans would need to vote in virtual lock step: The party effectively has only 51 votes right now because one member, Senator Johnny Isakson of Georgia, is recuperating from back surgery, so just two Republican senators could block a rules change.
Still, Judge Gorsuch’s nomination is broadly popular among conservatives. The question facing Democrats is whether to have a filibuster fight over Judge Gorsuch, highlighting what they consider the theft of a seat they believe Mr. Obama had a right to fill, or whether to save that attention-grabbing tactic for a hypothetical future vacancy if a more liberal justice dies or steps down and President Trump nominates a staunch conservative who would shift the court’s balance.
“I don’t think we should move forward on the Gorsuch nomination until the nomination of Merrick Garland has been dealt with fairly,” Senator Thomas R. Carper, Democrat of Delaware, said on Thursday, signaling his support for a filibuster.
Another moderate Democrat, Senator Bob Casey of Pennsylvania, also said he would reject Judge Gorsuch and join the filibuster effort. Mr. Casey is among the 10 Democrats facing re-election next year in states that Mr. Trump won.
Others in the group were less eager to declare their intentions.
“I’m going to keep on my theme I’ve been on for a couple of months,” said Senator Claire McCaskill, Democrat of Missouri. “I’m not going to talk about Gorsuch.”
Even before Judge Gorsuch’s nomination, Ms. McCaskill inadvertently drew the ire of liberal activists by expressing support for “a full confirmation hearing process and a vote,” before making clear she believed in a 60-vote threshold.
Despite the escalating political friction, the atmosphere in the hearing room on Thursday was often more perfunctory than passionate, as panels of witnesses selected by Democrats and Republicans alternately expressed concerns that Judge Gorsuch was too conservative or praised him as a well-qualified and careful judge.
Two of Judge Gorsuch’s former colleagues on the United States Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit, in Denver — Deanell Reece Tacha, appointed by President Ronald Reagan, and Robert Harlan Henry, appointed by President Bill Clinton — praised his intellect and temperament.
But others expressed concerns. One strain of criticism came from human rights and civil liberties activists, who expressed alarm over Judge Gorsuch’s experiences as a Justice Department official in the Bush administration in 2005 and 2006, when he helped to defend and advance the executive branch’s positions on matters like detainee treatment and surveillance.
Jameel Jaffer, who litigated national-security cases against the government as the former deputy legal director of the American Civil Liberties Union, urged the committee to scrutinize more closely Judge Gorsuch’s views on executive power and individual rights.
Mr. Jaffer pointed to documents showing, for example, that Judge Gorsuch had worked to get Congress to enact a law stripping courts of jurisdiction to hear lawsuits by Guantánamo Bay detainees, and in one email chain he criticized law firms that helped represent prisoners in seeking judicial review of their detention.
On Wednesday, Judge Gorsuch told the committee that the email had not been “my finest moment” and that he had been “blowing off steam with a friend, privately.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Representative Devin Nunes, the California Republican who is chairman of a House panel investigating Russian interference in the presidential election, may have dealt his own inquiry a fatal blow on Wednesday.
Armed with intelligence that some Republicans said bolstered President Trump’s widely disputed claim of being wiretapped by the Obama administration, Mr. Nunes bypassed Democrats and went directly to the White House. The new information, Mr. Nunes said, showed that American intelligence agencies monitoring foreign officials may have “incidentally” picked up communications of Trump transition team members.
The move angered Democrats who said that Mr. Nunes’s attempt to buttress Mr. Trump’s accusation raised questions about his ability to conduct an impartial bipartisan investigation.
The House Intelligence Committee’s top Democrat, Representative Adam B. Schiff of California, issued a challenge, saying that Mr. Nunes had to decide whether he was chairman of an independent investigation or “is going to act as a surrogate of the White House, because he cannot do both.”
Mr. Nunes apologized on Thursday to committee members for sharing new information with Mr. Trump and the news media before communicating with Mr. Schiff, according to two Democrats on the committee.
Mr. Nunes described his decision as a judgment call. “At the end of the day, sometimes you make the right decision, sometimes you make the wrong one,” Mr. Nunes told reporters on Thursday. “But you’ve got to stick by the decisions you make.”
With the House investigation in question, Democrats will be forced to rely on an inquiry being led by the Senate Intelligence Committee, which is also controlled by Republicans. Ideally, Democrats want a independent commission created to investigate the matter. The White House vehemently opposes that idea and Republican lawmakers have dismissed it as unnecessary.
Here is where things stand, and how they may play out.
The House investigation has hinged on the mutual trust of its senior members, Mr. Nunes and Mr. Schiff.
Despite pursuing distinctly different goals — Mr. Schiff has been focused on Russian interference in the election while Mr. Nunes has railed against leaks of classified information — they united around a shared interest in conducting a credible, bipartisan investigation.
But expectations for their investigation plummeted Wednesday as Mr. Schiff questioned the independence of Mr. Nunes, a former member of Mr. Trump’s transition team.
“It was my hope that our investigation could be conducted properly,” Mr. Schiff said. “It’s still my hope that this investigation should be conducted properly, but unfortunately the actions of the chair throw that very much in doubt.”
The committee’s Democrats have moved carefully so far, concerned that pushing too hard, too soon, to subpoena witnesses or documents like Mr. Trump’s tax returns would rile Republicans. They even praised Mr. Nunes’s openness to their requests, an indication that they had no incentive to scuttle their chances of advancing a serious investigation by scoring political points.
With confidence in the House investigation undermined, there is increased pressure on the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, Senator Mark Warner of Virginia.
Since January, Mr. Warner has tried to work with the committee’s chairman, Senator Richard Burr of North Carolina, to investigate the links between the Trump campaign and Russia. Mr. Warner would likely need Mr. Burr’s support to issue a subpoena in order to maintain the bipartisan nature of the investigation.
Last month, that relationship appeared to deteriorate after it was reported that both Mr. Burr and Mr. Nunes had helped the administration push back on news stories about links between Mr. Trump’s associates and Russia.
The Democratic leader, Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, publicly scolded Mr. Burr, saying that he was “very disappointed.” The Republican’s behavior, Mr. Schumer said, “certainly gives the appearance, if not the reality, of a lack of impartiality.”
That rebuke aside, there is not much the Democrats can do to punish Mr. Burr. The committee’s first public hearing since the F.B.I. director disclosed that the bureau was investigating links between Trump campaign officials and Russia is scheduled for next week.
In coming weeks, the Senate committee would need to issue subpoenas to the Central Intelligence Agency and the Federal Bureau of Investigation for documents related to the inquiry. If Mr. Burr declines to issue them, Democrats would likely portray that as a Republican refusal to conduct an independent investigation, and accelerate demands for an outside commission.
Since shortly after the election, Democrats have pushed for the creation of an independent inquiry similar to the Warren Commission, which investigated the assassination of President John F. Kennedy, or the commission formed after the terror attacks of Sept. 11, 2001. Representative Eric Swalwell, Democrat of California, has introduced legislation to form the commission.
Under Mr. Swalwell’s proposal, Congress would appoint 12 members to investigate whether there was interference in the election, who was behind it and how it could be prevented in the future. The members of the commission would be pulled from a pool of former senior national security, law enforcement and election officials who are respected by both parties.
Among the type of officials who could be appointed to such a panel are Robert M. Gates, the former secretary of defense under President Barack Obama and President George W. Bush; Colin Powell, the former secretary of state and chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff; and Robert S. Mueller, the F.B.I. director under Presidents Bush and Obama. The commission would have a full-time investigative staff and the power to review classified information, subpoena witnesses and issue a public report.
Democrats had toyed with the idea of asking for the creation of a select committee that would be made up just of members of Congress — similar to the committee that investigated the 2012 attacks on a diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya.
The Benghazi probe became highly politicized, and another select committee to investigate the election would likely turn just as partisan.
For an independent commission to be created, legislation must be approved by both houses of Congress and signed by the president.
Congress can override a presidential veto. But, so far, Republicans who control the House and Senate have said they see no reason for such a body to be created when an investigation can be handled by the intelligence committees. Democrats have privately said that to pressure Republicans into creating such a commission likely would take some type of significant disclosure — like publicly released evidence of direct collusion between the Russians and the Trump campaign.
Mr. Swalwell said that he has met with Lee Hamilton — the vice chairman of the 9/11 Commission and a former Democratic congressman from Indiana — about how to win Republican support for an independent body to investigate the election.
Mr. Hamilton told Mr. Swalwell to drop the word “Russia” from the name of the commission to show Republicans that there would be no predetermined beliefs about what had occurred. Mr. Swalwell followed that advice, proposing that the inquiry be named the “National Commission on Foreign Interference in the 2016 Election.”
“He told me to do everything we could in how we wrote the bill to make Republicans comfortable as they can be to come on board,” Mr. Swalwell said.
Every House Democrat is a co-sponsor of the measure. Just one House Republican has joined up.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump issued an ultimatum on Thursday to recalcitrant Republicans to fall in line behind a broad health insurance overhaul or see their opportunity to repeal the Affordable Care Act vanish, demanding a Friday vote on a bill that appeared to lack a majority to pass.
The demand, issued by his budget director, Mick Mulvaney, in an evening meeting with House Republicans, came after a marathon day of negotiating at the White House and in the Capitol in which Mr. Trump — who has boasted of his deal-making prowess — fell short of selling members of his own party on the health plan.
House Speaker Paul D. Ryan emerged from the session and announced curtly that Mr. Trump would get his wish for a vote on Friday. Mr. Ryan refused to answer reporters’ questions about whether he expected the measure to pass.
Although the House Republicans’ closed-door meeting became a cheerleading session for the bill, their leaders braced for a showdown on the floor, knowing they were likely to be at least a handful of votes short of a majority for the health insurance bill and would need to muscle their colleagues to the last to prevail.
Some conservatives were still concerned that the bill was too costly and did not do enough to roll back federal health insurance mandates. Moderates and others, meanwhile, were grappling with worries of their states’ governors and fretted that the loss of benefits would be too much for their constituents to bear.
Mr. Ryan had earlier postponed the initial House vote that was scheduled for Thursday to coincide with the seventh anniversary of the Affordable Care Act’s signing. Mr. Trump confronted the possibility of a humiliating loss on the first significant legislative push of his presidency.
At a White House meeting with members of the hard-line Freedom Caucus earlier on Thursday, Mr. Trump had agreed to the conservatives’ demands to strip federal health insurance requirements for basic benefits such as maternity care, emergency services, mental health and wellness visits from the bill. But that was not enough to placate the faction, part of the reason that Thursday’s vote was placed on hold.
As House leaders struggled to negotiate with holdouts in the hopes of rescheduling the vote, Mr. Trump sent senior officials to the Capitol with a blunt message: He would agree to no additional changes, and Republicans must either support the bill or resign themselves to leaving President Barack Obama’s signature domestic achievement in place.
“We have a great bill, and I think we have a good chance, but it’s only politics,” Mr. Trump said earlier Thursday, as it was becoming clear that his negotiating efforts had failed to persuade enough members of his party to back the plan — which was years in the making — to repeal and replace the health law.
Privately, White House officials conceded that competing Republican factions were each demanding changes that could doom the effort, placing the measure in peril and Mr. Trump’s chances of succeeding at a high-stakes legislative deal in jeopardy. With some of its demands in place, the Freedom Caucus ratcheted up its requests, insisting on a repeal of all regulatory mandates in the Affordable Care Act, including the prohibition on excluding coverage for pre-existing medical conditions and lifetime coverage caps.
Mr. Trump, who has touted his negotiating skills and invited the label “the closer” as the vote approached, was receiving a painful reality check about the difficulty of governing, even with his own party in power on Capitol Hill.
“Guys, we’ve got one shot here,” he told members of the Freedom Caucus at a meeting in the Cabinet Room, according to a person present in the room who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the meeting was private. “This is it — we’re voting now.”
“The choice is yes or no,” Representative Joe Barton, Republican of Texas and a member of the Freedom Caucus, said on Thursday night. “I’m not going to vote no to keep Obamacare. That’d be a stupid damn vote.”
Others were unconvinced.
Having secured Mr. Trump’s acquiescence to eliminate the requirement that insurers offer “essential health benefits,” members of the Freedom Caucus pressed their advantage. While they did not specify precisely which regulations they wanted to eliminate, the section they wanted to gut requires coverage for pre-existing health conditions, allows individuals to remain on their parents’ health care plans up to age 26, bars insurers from setting different rates for men and women, prohibits annual or lifetime limits on benefits, and requires insurers to spend at least 80 percent of premium revenue on medical care.
“We’re committed to stay here until we get it done,” said Representative Mark Meadows, Republican of North Carolina and the chairman of the Freedom Caucus. “So whether the vote is tonight, tomorrow or five days from here, the president will get a victory.”
He said 30 to 40 Republicans planned to vote “no”; House leaders can afford to lose only 22 in order to pass the bill.
But for every concession Mr. Trump made to appease critics on the right, he lost potential rank-and-file supporters in the middle, including members of the centrist Tuesday Group who had balked at the bill’s Medicaid cuts and slashed insurance benefits. Moderate Republicans in that group went to the White House on Thursday but emerged unmoved in their opposition.
“There’s a little bit of a balancing act,” conceded Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary.
Representative Leonard Lance, Republican of New Jersey, said he still opposed the bill because he did not believe it would give people “complete and affordable access” to health insurance.
At the same time, a new estimate of the bill’s cost and its impact on health coverage further soured the picture for wavering lawmakers. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office on Thursday issued a report on the revised version of the health care bill showing that it would cost more than the original version but would not cover more people. The report said the bill, like the original version, would result in 24 million fewer Americans having health insurance in 2026 than under current law.
But recent changes to the bill, made through a series of amendments introduced on Monday, would cut its deficit savings in half. Instead of reducing the deficit by $337 billion, the new version of the bill would save only $150 billion over the decade.
The budget office did not consider the effects of various additional changes that remain under negotiation, including eliminating benefit requirements and other health insurance regulations.
A Quinnipiac University national poll found that voters disapproved of the Republican plan by lopsided margins, with 56 percent opposed, 17 percent supportive and 26 percent undecided. The measure did not even draw support among a majority of Republicans; 41 percent approved, while 24 percent were opposed.
President Trump appealed to supporters to weigh in, assuring them in a video on Twitter, “Go with our plan. It’s going to be terrific.”
The chaotic process that unfolded on Thursday exposed Republicans to criticism that they were moving recklessly in a desperate bid to get their plan passed. Representative Raúl Labrador, Republican of Idaho and a Freedom Caucus member, said the party’s leaders had tried to ram through the measure over their members’ objections. He panned what he described as a “brute force” strategy that resembled the approach of former Speaker John A. Boehner, Republican of Ohio.
“It’s better to get it right than to get it fast,” Mr. Labrador said.
It was not clear that the changes that Mr. Trump has agreed to and those being demanded could survive. Under the strict budget rules being used to advance the bill, changes to the Affordable Care Act must affect federal spending or revenues. Regulatory measures that affect private health policies, not government programs like Medicaid, are highly likely to be challenged by Senate Democrats. If the Senate parliamentarian rules in the Democrats’ favor, those changes in the House would be stripped from the bill.
The emerging power of the Freedom Caucus, a group that has been historically marginalized in policy making but a thorn in the side of leadership, is one of the surprises of the rushed health care debate. The group has been empowered by the addition of Mr. Mulvaney to the senior White House staff, and Mr. Trump’s disengagement from policy details, coupled with his intense desire to score a win after a rocky start to his presidency.
Mr. Obama stepped into the fray on Thursday with a lengthy defense of his law on the seventh anniversary of its signing, and a call for bipartisan improvements.
“I’ve always said we should build on this law, just as Americans of both parties worked to improve Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid over the years,” he wrote in a mass email to followers. “So if Republicans are serious about lowering costs while expanding coverage to those who need it, and if they’re prepared to work with Democrats and objective evaluators in finding solutions that accomplish those goals — that’s something we all should welcome.”
The Affordable Care Act requires insurers to provide “essential health benefits” in 10 broad categories, including maternity care, mental health care, addiction treatment, preventive services, emergency services and rehabilitative services.
Mr. Spicer defended the removal of the “essential health benefits” regulations, saying that it would accomplish Mr. Trump’s stated goal of reducing health care costs. “Part of the reason that premiums have spiked out of control is because under Obamacare there were these mandated services that had to be included,” Mr. Spicer said.
Family planning groups and advocates for women’s rights criticized Republican plans to roll back these requirements.
“Paul Ryan and his House members are willing to sell out the moms of America to pass this bill,” said Dawn Laguens, an executive vice president of the Planned Parenthood Federation of America.
Conservatives say the mandates, as interpreted in rules issued by the Obama administration, add to the costs of health insurance and make it difficult for insurers to offer lower-cost options to meet consumers’ needs.
Democrats say that the purpose of insurance is to share risk, and that without federal requirements, insurers would once again offer bare-bones policies. Before the Affordable Care Act took effect, maternity coverage was frequently offered as an optional benefit, or rider, for a hefty additional premium.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — During commercial breaks in “Fox & Friends” and “Saturday Night Live” this month, a peculiar advertisement has flashed across television screens in New York, Washington and West Palm Beach, Fla.
In what seems like a parody of a Billy Mays OxiClean commercial, a smiling salesman wielding a white bucket peddles a product he promises will cause the cost of cars, food, clothing and medicine to soar: “The all new BAT tax is specially designed to make your disposable income disappear!”
Airing in those locations and during those programs, the ad is clearly meant for the eyes of President Trump. But its creator, the National Retail Federation, wants it to influence Republicans in Congress and voters, too.
That’s because the BAT the salesman promotes is the “border adjustment tax” — the keystone of the plan to overhaul the tax code being pitched by House Republicans and spearheaded by Speaker Paul D. Ryan. The commercial is the first strike in what is becoming an outright ad war, the harbinger of a bigger battle over tax policy that may make the current fight over health legislation look tame.
The sums spent on television and digital media ads are expected to dwarf what has been spent on the health care fight so far because rewriting the tax code creates such a broad array of corporate winners and losers.
“There is going to be a lot more of this because tax is the next big thing up after the Supreme Court and health care,” said Evan Tracey, senior vice president of National Media Research, Planning & Placement, a Republican media firm. “Right now everybody is trying to get their arguments out there in a public setting.” The twist now, he said, is that “the president is someone that is believed to be reachable through cable TV ads.”
While Republican lawmakers are struggling to keep their health care bill alive, groups including the retail lobby, Tea Party Nation, the Club for Growth and the billionaire brothers Charles G. and David H. Koch are mobilizing to kill the border adjustment tax, which would levy a 20 percent tax on imports. Should they succeed, it would effectively send the blueprint for the first tax overhaul in 30 years back to the drafting table.
The debate echoes the way the health care legislation is playing out, with Republicans in the House pushing a bold plan, Senate Republicans expressing skepticism and the Trump administration sending mixed signals as the anxiety about big policy changes swirls.
“This is part of an education campaign for lawmakers,” David French, the senior vice president of government relations at the National Retail Federation, said of his group’s advertising campaign. “We think there is an element of absurdity to passing the buck to consumers.”
Even in its infancy, the concept of a new import tax has divided lawmakers in the capital and business executives across the country. The National Retail Federation got a forceful response this week from the American Made Coalition, a group of mostly export-heavy industrial companies that support the tax plan. It unveiled a TV ad of its own selling the potential for a boom in manufacturing jobs if the import tax becomes law.
“This is an opening salvo,” said John Gentzel, a spokesman for the American Made Coalition, which is running its ad on cable television in Washington. “We’re going to continue to push.”
Trade groups and lobbyists of all stripes are stocking their war chests for a long slog. Mr. Gentzel said his group had spent in the “six-figure” range on its advertising. The coalition of hundreds of companies led by the retail group is preparing a multimillion-dollar advertising campaign that will ramp up once the tax overhaul takes center stage. It is also running ads on local newspaper websites around the country and making an aggressive push on social media.
The Club for Growth, a conservative advocacy group that promotes free markets, has also jumped in. Taking on the party it usually supports, it has been running ads opposing the import tax in the districts of Republican lawmakers who sit on the House tax-writing committee. Its commercial riffs on the game show “The Price Is Right.”
Judson Phillips, the founder of Tea Party Nation, unveiled an online ad this week titled “Deplorables Against the Consumer Tax.” It plays up the notion that the plan would hit the wallets of Mr. Trump’s working-class supporters.
The ad resembles a “Harry and Louise” advertisement from the 1990s that helped doom President Bill Clinton’s health care overhaul. This time, a couple at their dining room table lament the higher costs of groceries and gas from an import tax and wonder why Republicans sold them out.
“I don’t know why they’ve gotten this idea in their head,” Mr. Phillips said of his fellow Republicans in an interview. He warned that tax legislation that raises costs on consumers will hurt the party in 2018. “That is going to be a hanging curveball for Democrats. They will beat the living daylights out of Republicans.”
The most notable opposition may come from the Koch brothers, whose business and political arms are traditionally eager to back Republican causes. That has not been the case with the health care legislation or the tax overhaul. They do not like the border tax. “We think in the long term it would hurt the country and us as well,” said Philip Ellender, the president of government and public affairs at Koch Companies Public Sector L.L.C.
The company has not yet advertised its position on television, but it has commissioned studies that show the House Republican plan would slow economic growth by placing a burden on consumers. “This is our number one issue right now,” Mr. Ellender said.
No one thinks it is too early to start lobbying. “It would be good for our tax position,” Amy Campbell, the director of investor relations at Caterpillar, explained at an industry conference last week. As a net exporter, the company supports the border adjustment tax. “This is the time to get tax reform in place,” she said.
Small-business owners without the resources to advertise are making their concerns known in other ways. Rick Woldenberg, the chairman of Learning Resources, an educational toy company that relies heavily on imports, has started a blog through which he rails against the border adjustment tax.
Despite the sense that Mr. Trump may end up dousing the idea, Mr. Woldenberg traveled last week to Capitol Hill from Chicago to make his case to House and Senate staff members. He said he would not let up until Mr. Ryan and Representative Kevin Brady of Texas, the chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, changed their plan. “We’re all zombies if this thing goes forward,” Mr. Woldenberg said.
But it does not appear that Mr. Brady will give up on the plan. He has described the border tax as the only way forward. In an interview on CNBC on Tuesday, he predicted that doubters would eventually see the light.
“My sense is that border adjustability has become a given,” Mr. Brady said, “that it will be part of the final tax reform plan.”



ARTICLE
Judge Neil M. Gorsuch can relax now. After 20-odd hours of Senate questioning this week, the Supreme Court nominee has completed his testimony. The committee will hold a final session on Thursday featuring expert panelists discussing the judge. But his job is done.
So what have we learned?
Maybe he’ll clear the 60 votes needed to break a filibuster, attracting sufficient support from Democrats — particularly those from states that President Trump won. Or maybe skeptics will hold the line and force Republicans to change longstanding Senate rules to elevate Judge Gorsuch on a simple majority vote.
But this much is clear: Nothing that’s happened this week has made much of a difference. Three days of hearings marked by attacks and deflections have left the Senate Judiciary Committee more or less where it started. If the Republicans’ goal was to persuade Democrats of a moral imperative to join them in support, they fell short. (In some cases, the nominee’s sparring with Democrats may have pushed some further away.)
And if Democrats harbored any hope of raising doubts about Judge Gorsuch among Republicans, they came nowhere close.
Empty seats. Distracted senators. Non sequitur questions about fly-fishing and duck-size horses.
Despite the stakes inherent in any Supreme Court confirmation hearing, the Gorsuch proceedings often felt like an afterthought. Part of the burden falls on Democrats, who have failed to draw much blood in their questioning or generate meaningful momentum for opposition outside the hearing room, at least so far.
But lawmakers have also been subject to forces outside their control. Finding oxygen in Mr. Trump’s Washington can be nearly impossible — amid the Russia inquiries, the health care push, the daily administration squabbling — an exercise in political “mutton busting” of sorts, to name the sheep-riding activity described in great detail by Judge Gorsuch.
This week, Democrats got thrown.
In finely calibrated testimony, Judge Gorsuch declared that he would go where the law took him, even if that required a ruling against Mr. Trump, who nominated him. He made emphatic but vague statements — “No man is above the law,” he repeatedly said, for instance — but avoided saying anything more specific.
Judge Gorsuch also gently rebuked Mr. Trump, again in general terms, for his criticism of judges who had ruled against him. He said all criticism of the honesty and integrity of federal judges, by anyone, was “disheartening and demoralizing.” Did that include Mr. Trump? “Anyone is anyone,” Judge Gorsuch said.
Remember Merrick B. Garland? Democrats wanted to make sure of it.
They began the hearing on Monday with a series of blistering speeches centered on him — and how, they suggested, this hearing should have been his, but for Republicans’ refusal last year to consider an Obama administration nominee during a presidential campaign.
Judge Gorsuch praised his colleague, at the senators’ urging, but declined to weigh in on the partisan fight. By Wednesday afternoon, Judge Garland’s shadow had largely faded from the hearing.
And Republicans expressed no regrets, with some now claiming hypocrisy on the Democratic side.
“On Kagan and on Sotomayor, Republicans respected the president’s authority to appoint a Supreme Court justice, and Republicans did the right thing by moving forward and allowing the confirmation,” Senator Thom Tillis, Republican of North Carolina, said, omitting Judge Garland’s example. “So, I think that we have a moral high ground here that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle should take note of.”
On Wednesday, the Supreme Court issued a unanimous decision in a case on students with disabilities that rejected the approach Judge Gorsuch had pursued in another case.
Democrats framed it differently: “President Trump’s Supreme Court nominee, Judge Neil Gorsuch, was unanimously rebuked today by the Supreme Court,” declared Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader.
But the relationship between the two cases was indirect, and under short-notice questioning at his hearing, Judge Gorsuch argued that he had merely been following precedent.
Democrats could return to the issue before votes by the committee and the full Senate, but absent another twist, it seems unlikely to knock the nomination off course.
Judge Gorsuch sidestepped questions about his views on national security and presidential power.
Pressed about his participation, as a Bush-era Justice Department official, in internal executive branch discussions related to torture and warrantless surveillance, he emphasized that he had been a lawyer serving a client, not a policy maker.
Asked whether presidents may bypass statutes in national-security matters, Judge Gorsuch said that “presidents make all sorts of arguments about inherent authority — they do — and that is why we have courts, to decide.”
He also refused to commit to recusing himself from Supreme Court cases involving the interests of the Colorado billionaire Philip F. Anschutz, his former client who pushed the Bush White House to appoint him to the appeals court.
In the past, Judge Gorsuch has sought to recuse himself from participating in such cases, but he refused to pledge to continue that practice at the Supreme Court level, saying only that he would study the law, the facts and the practices of other justices.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Whenever a major conservative plan in Washington has collapsed, blame has usually been fairly easy to pin on the Republican hard-liners who insist on purity over practicality.
But as Republicans sifted through the detritus of their failed effort to replace the Affordable Care Act, they were finding fault almost everywhere they looked.
President Trump, posting on Twitter on Sunday, saw multiple culprits, including the renegade group of small-government conservatives in the House Freedom Caucus and outside groups like the Club for Growth. Those groups, which do not always work placidly together, had aligned against the president and Speaker Paul D. Ryan, the ultimate symbol of their dismay with the entrenched ways of the capital. At the same time, some saw the president as pointing a finger at Mr. Ryan when Mr. Trump urged his Twitter followers on Saturday to tune in to a Fox News host, Jeanine Pirro, who went on to call for Mr. Ryan’s resignation.
For eight years, those divisions were often masked by Republicans’ shared antipathy toward President Barack Obama. Now, as the party struggles to adjust to the post-Obama political order, it is facing a nagging question: How do you hold together when the man who unified you in opposition is no longer around?
Mr. Obama provided conservatives with not just a health law to loathe and a veto pen to blame, but also a visage that allowed their opposition to be more palpable.
“With Obama no longer being there, the emotional element of the opposition is drained away,” said Rich Lowry, the editor of the conservative National Review.
Republicans also have to contend with an outsider president who never had much of an affinity or loyalty for their party, and who, as a novice politician, has not built the relationships in Washington that are usually needed to get big deals done.
“There’s this disjunction,” Mr. Lowry added. “He doesn’t have a congressional party. He doesn’t even really have a wing of a congressional party.”
In the health care fight, it was not just the far right, egged on by rabble-rousing outside groups, that split from the Republican leadership. There were dissenters among the more middle-of-the-road conservative lawmakers, those representing suburban communities outside Philadelphia and Washington and rural states like Louisiana. Even party leaders like Representative Rodney Frelinghuysen of New Jersey, the powerful chairman of the House Appropriations Committee, opposed the bill.
Interest groups on the right were also divided, with natural allies like Americans for Tax Reform, the anti-tax outfit, and Americans for Prosperity, a free-market group backed by the Koch brothers, on opposing sides.
While Republicans often said they would deliver freedom and good fortune if given their turn at the wheel, they are now jolted by the realization that their struggles to reach a consensus have thrown into doubt whether they can reach deals on other priorities like a tax overhaul, infrastructure, trade and immigration.
“It is a challenge for the modern Republican Party and the Trump administration to figure out how to get to 218 on a regular basis,” said Grover Norquist, the president of Americans for Tax Reform, who supported the Republican health care bill that failed last week. Generally, 218 is the number of votes needed to pass legislation in the House.
Mr. Norquist said the desire for sweeping change had distorted some conservatives’ perceptions about what could be achieved and how quickly. “They want to change the rules,” he added. “But until you actually change the rules, they’re there, and you have to live by them.”
In a sign of just how deeply this episode has shaken the conservative faction of the party, one of the Freedom Caucus’s members resigned in protest on Sunday, saying he no longer believed the group was effective.
“Saying no is easy, leading is hard, but that is what we were elected to do,” said the lawmaker, Representative Ted Poe of Texas.
What makes progress on any issue so complicated is the fundamental clash between the belief systems of Mr. Trump, whose instincts are more populist than conservative, and Republican leaders in Congress, who are more oriented toward a small-government, free-market policy vision.
“Trump, whatever else he is, was able to see that what was being offered to Republicans was not really what they wanted,” said David Frum, the conservative writer and a former speechwriter for President George W. Bush. “They wanted more health care for themselves, less immigration and no more Bushes. And what they were offered was no more health care, more immigration and a third Bush.”
The Trump administration wants to focus next on a tax overhaul. And on that Mr. Trump will probably find agreement with the Republicans in Congress.
But crafting a plan that pleases most conservatives will not be simple. They remain split on some crucial details, like taxing imports. Some in the party, like Mr. Ryan, have favored such a plan, while others, like the Koch-backed political advocacy groups, argue that it could set off trade wars and drive up manufacturing costs.
Speaking to the dismay among many on the right after the health care fight, Ann Coulter, the writer and pundit, attacked Mr. Ryan for pursuing “standard G.O.P. corporatist stuff.”
“What made Donald Trump stand apart from the crowd, and apart from the crowd from every presidential candidate for 20 years,” she said on Fox’s “Tucker Carlson Tonight,” “was immigration, trade, infrastructure, building a wall. Obviously, that was very, very popular.”
As for Mr. Trump’s Twitter post on Saturday, a White House official said that it and Ms. Pirro’s attack on Mr. Ryan were a coincidence, but the president has been pressed by some advisers to consider Mr. Ryan’s role in the health care defeat.
How Republicans resolve issues of debt and deficit spending also loom as tripwires to the kind of legislative progress Mr. Trump craves — especially after a rocky start to his presidency. These issues, which Mr. Ryan and many other Republicans have been waiting eagerly to tackle since they took power, are not especially important to Mr. Trump, who is more focused on the kinds of projects that are natural to him as a developer, like infrastructure.
And esoteric debates over deficit spending will not matter nearly as much to voters as how their personal finances look.
“When he goes back to Rochester in a re-election campaign, he can’t talk about what’s changed in the deficit — no one will care,” said Frank Cannon, a longtime conservative activist. “But if he can talk about labor rate participation, jobs, jobs that are paying more, that’s what he’ll be judged on. And that’s what Republicans are going to live and die by in the next election cycles as long as he’s president of the United States.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump’s Saturday started with a trip to the Trump National Golf Club in Sterling, Va.
By Saturday night, on one of the few weekends since the inauguration that Mr. Trump remained in Washington, the president was dining at the Trump International Hotel a few blocks from the White House. He was greeted by well-wishers as he entered and exited the hotel’s steakhouse restaurant, BLT Prime by David Burke, with his daughter and son-in-law.
On Sunday morning, Mr. Trump was once again at the family’s Virginia golf course.
For Mr. Trump, it was just another weekend with a presidential-size spotlight on his family’s business outlets, a pattern that started during his transition when he drew international attention to the Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, N.J., by interviewing potential cabinet picks there.
Saturday’s stops marked the eighth weekend in a row — out of the 10 weekends he has been in office — that Mr. Trump has visited a Trump-branded property, including his Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach. White House officials have said Mr. Trump goes to his clubs and restaurants because he is comfortable there, but critics increasingly argue that the visits are priceless advertising and that Mr. Trump and his family are using the presidency as a way to enrich themselves.
“It is normal for presidents to get out — and it can be a boost for small businesses across the city and the country,” said Robert Weissman, the president of Public Citizen, a liberal nonprofit group. “But with President Trump, he spends his down time as a walking advertisement for his businesses. It is a major departure from historic norm and degradation of the office.”
Eric Trump, in an interview this month, disputed any suggestion that his father’s visits to family properties represented a conflict of interest. But he agreed that the Trump Organization’s assets — from Mar-a-Lago, where interest in memberships has surged, to its golf courses — were doing well.
“The stars have all aligned,” said Eric Trump, during a recent news conference in Washington to promote the upcoming Senior PGA Championship tournament at the Trump National Golf Course in Sterling, Va., Memorial Day weekend. (He did not mention his father by name.) As executive vice president of the Trump Organization, he oversees its 16 owned or operated golf courses around the world. “I think our brand is the hottest it has ever been.”
The president has now made three visits to the Trump National Golf Club.
.
Tickets to the event are being sold as Mr. Trump is pushing the golf course into the spotlight, with reporters and photographers in tow on Saturday for a daylong visit.
On Sunday shortly after 11 a.m., with reporters placed at the complex’s indoor tennis center, Mr. Trump made a quick visit to the club for what White House officials said were three meetings. By noon Mr. Trump was headed back to Washington.
Photos of Mr. Trump surfaced on social media on Saturday and Sunday that appeared to show him in golf shoes and out on the golf course on Saturday, and then sitting at the golf club, during his short visit Sunday, watching a game of golf on television. The New York Times confirmed, via geo-locating tools, that the items were posted Sunday from the Trump National Golf Club. But the White House officials did not respond when asked about the photographs, and would not confirm whether Mr. Trump played golf.
The warm welcome Mr. Trump received Saturday night at the Trump hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue offered a hint of why Mr. Trump may visit his family’s establishments so often: He is almost guaranteed the kind of enthusiastic crowd he would never find at Camp David, the presidential retreat in Maryland’s Catoctin Mountains.
“Keep up the good work!” one man shouted after Mr. Trump wrapped up his dinner at the hotel on Saturday.
“Thank you, Donald! Thank you, Trump!” another man yelled.
Mr. Trump arrived shortly after 9 p.m. — a reporter from The Times was already having dinner at the hotel’s only restaurant — and walked through the lobby’s expansive atrium and into the restaurant, BLT Prime.
Wide-eyed guests turned to one another in disbelief. A man shouting Mr. Trump’s name had to be quieted by hotel security. Mr. Trump, his daughter Ivanka Trump and his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, were led to the open-air mezzanine, which looks out onto the vast lobby. Hotel guests leaned over the railings of the upper floors to gawk at the president sitting down for a family dinner.
Mr. Trump has a particular preference for steaks, well done and with ketchup, although the restaurant would not confirm what he dined on Saturday night.
The meal went on for more than two hours, even as guests had stopped eating and had turned around simply to watch Mr. Trump. One diner sitting a few feet from the Trump party said the president had interrupted his meal several times to allow well-wishers to greet him.
Members of the Secret Service took over a table on the first floor and ordered drinks while waiting for the president to conclude his meal. Right above them, Mr. Trump’s personal security guard, Keith Schiller, patrolled the mezzanine level while chatting and joking with guests.
“We ate slowly,” said John Nix, who was having dinner at BLT Prime with his wife and three children on their final night at the hotel, which he said they had found on TripAdvisor. The family was visiting Washington from Columbus, Ga., to see sights and visit colleges, and had made a reservation for the restaurant a month before.
As the two hours passed, hotel guests who had been at the bar and waiting in the lobby formed a long line, hoping to meet the president as he left. Mr. Trump happily obliged. Around 11:30 p.m., he and Ms. Trump worked the crowd, which included a teenager in a red “Make America Great Again” hat and a young girl asleep on the shoulders of her parents.
Screams then gave way to dozens of people chanting “U.S.A.! U.S.A.!”
A few minutes later, Mr. Trump disappeared into his motorcade for the short ride home.



ARTICLE
Jeanine Pirro, a Fox News host, is a longtime friend of President Trump. So when Mr. Trump said on Twitter on Saturday — a day after his crushing defeat in the House on health care — that people should watch her show that night, political observers began guessing what was in store.
What she delivered was a diatribe against the House speaker, Paul D. Ryan.
“Paul Ryan needs to step down as speaker of the House,” Ms. Pirro, a former prosecutor, said at the opening of her show. “The reason? He failed to deliver the votes on his health care bill.”
In Ms. Pirro’s telling, Mr. Ryan let Mr. Trump down by not doing his share of the work in corralling Republican votes to fulfill a seven-year promise to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act — a view held by a number of the president’s advisers.
“Speaker Ryan, you come in with all your swagger and experience and you sell ’em a bill of goods, which ends up a complete and total failure, and you allow our president in his first 100 days to come out of the box like that, based on what?” Ms. Pirro said.
On Fox News on Sunday, Mr. Trump’s chief of staff, Reince Priebus, an ally of Mr. Ryan’s, said he had not spoken to the president about the Twitter post, but he called the timing “coincidental.”
Brendan Buck, a spokesman for Mr. Ryan, said, “The speaker and president talked for an hour yesterday about moving forward on the agenda, and their relationship is stronger than ever right now.”
Another spokesman in Mr. Ryan’s office said on Sunday: “The two spoke again today, and the president was clear his tweet had nothing to do with the speaker. They are both eager to get back to work on the agenda.”
On Friday, after House Republicans pulled the health care bill, Mr. Trump voiced support for Mr. Ryan, saying the speaker had worked “very, very hard.” A person close to the president said that aides did not believe that Mr. Trump had spoken with Ms. Pirro before his Twitter post, or that he was trying to advertise criticism of Mr. Ryan’s leadership.
But Mr. Trump has a long history with Ms. Pirro. During the worst weekend of the Trump campaign, when Mr. Trump was under siege over an 11-year-old outtake from “Access Hollywood,” he told aides that he would do an interview with Ms. Pirro to defend himself, according to a person with direct knowledge of the conversation. He was dissuaded by aides who told him it would not be viewed as credible by voters.
In their phone call on Saturday, according to a person briefed on the matter, Mr. Ryan told Mr. Trump that he wanted to proceed with a tax overhaul package. Their relationship, so far, has seemed to hold.
But privately, Mr. Trump has been pressed by some advisers to consider the damage wrought by the bill’s failure, and to consider Mr. Ryan’s role.
Publicly, at least, Mr. Trump was casting blame on Sunday morning not on Mr. Ryan but on the small-government conservatives in the House Freedom Caucus, as well as outside conservative groups.



ARTICLE
Boris Epshteyn, an official in the White House press office who had a contentious relationship with television producers and was once a frequent presence on TV himself, is leaving his job, according to three people with knowledge of the move.
The departure was treated with some mystery. Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, would not comment on the reason Mr. Epshteyn, an old friend of President Trump’s son Eric, was expected to depart the post.
A senior administration official, speaking on the condition of anonymity, said only that officials were exploring other opportunities in the administration for Mr. Epshteyn, who at one point was on cable news as many as seven times a day promoting Mr. Trump during the presidential campaign.
Another person briefed on the discussions said that Mr. Epshteyn’s move was still pending, and that both he and the administration sought it. The person maintained that it was not an acrimonious situation.
But two people familiar with Mr. Epshteyn’s tenure said he had become combative with the networks on which he was assigned to book surrogates defending the administration, a junior position for someone who has other news media experience, which he does.
A recent report by Politico detailed a blowup that Mr. Epshteyn had with Fox News, the cable network that most consistently defends the president’s agenda.
Mr. Epshteyn, known for his argumentative, badgering style on TV, was a spokesman for the presidential inaugural committee. He grew up in Moscow, and met Eric Trump at Georgetown University.
Mr. Epshteyn did not respond to an email seeking comment.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — For two days in January, all seemed right in the Republican Party.
Gathered in Philadelphia for their annual congressional retreat, less than a week after President Trump’s inauguration, lawmakers exulted in the possibilities of total government control, grinning through forums about an aggressive 200-day agenda that began with honoring a central campaign promise: repealing the Affordable Care Act.
Adult beverages flowed. Members were given Trump-themed socks. And the president showered praise on his most important partner, the man with the bill-writing pen, the man who would find the votes.
“Speaker Paul Ryan — very, very special,” Mr. Trump said. “He is writing his heart out, right? And we’re actually going to sign the stuff that you’re writing.”
“Now,” the president said, “it’s going to happen.”
It is not going to happen. At least not this time.
Less than 18 months after being elected speaker, Mr. Ryan has emerged from the defeat of the health care bill badly damaged, retaining a grip on the job but left to confront the realities of his failure — imperiling the odd-couple partnership that was supposed to sustain a new era of conservative government under unified Republican rule.
So far, to the surprise of some close to Mr. Trump, the president has remained upbeat on Mr. Ryan, a frequent punching bag during the 2016 campaign and an ideological mismatch whose instincts informed the molding and selling of the health bill far more than the president’s own.
But after a humiliating defeat, which many Trump advisers are eager to pin on the speaker, Mr. Ryan is now tasked with defending not just his leadership abilities but his very brand of conservatism in a party fitfully searching for a coherent policy identity that can deliver tangible victories.
In this first fight, Mr. Ryan’s more orthodox right-leaning vision was co-opted only halfheartedly by Mr. Trump, who has few fixed political beliefs, in service of a bill the president never well understood, even as he laid on the superlatives in praising it. Now, Mr. Ryan must tug a ruptured conference toward future agenda items, like overhauling the tax code, made all the more difficult by this initial failure.
“Oh, I’m sure he’ll get blamed,” Representative Billy Long, Republican of Missouri and a vocal Trump supporter, said of the speaker as he left the Capitol on Friday, making clear he did not believe this would be fair. “He’ll get blamed for everything.”
The episode not only demonstrated an inability to honor a longstanding pledge that powered Republicans through a string of election cycles. It was also a remarkable setback for Mr. Ryan as the body’s principal arm-twister, in his first major test as the speaker under a Republican president.
In January, he coasted to re-election with almost unanimous party support, prompting allies to gloat that he had tamed the hard-line House Freedom Caucus far more deftly than his predecessor, John A. Boehner.
By Friday, his bill had at once alienated those archconservatives and more moderate members who abandoned the legislation as Mr. Ryan and Mr. Trump began caving to demands of the far right, to little effect.
“We were a 10-year opposition party, where being against things was easy to do,” Mr. Ryan said at a sheepish news conference shortly after the bill was pulled, adding with uncharacteristic candor that Republicans were not yet prepared to be a “governing party.”
“We will get there,” Mr. Ryan said, “but we weren’t there today.”
His job will not get easier. With disparate coalitions in his conference, outside groups like the political arm of the Heritage Foundation pushing lawmakers to pursue conservative purity, and a less-than-popular president whom some members have appeared more willing to buck recently, there are few establishment forces helping Mr. Ryan keep the peace.
“There is a lot more safety in opposition than there used to be,” said Eric Cantor, the former House majority leader who was ousted by a more conservative challenger, citing pressure from the outside groups.
At the same time, several Trump allies have suggested that Mr. Ryan has still failed to grasp fully the lessons of the president’s election and its rejection of traditional political dogma. The most ominous signals have proliferated on sites like Breitbart, often the online id of Mr. Trump’s orbit. Its lead headlines on Saturday morning included: “Polls: GOP Legislators Dodged 2018 Headache When Leaders Dropped Ryancare” and “Speaker Ryan Crippled? Replacement Chatter Erupts on Hill.”
But as the bill circled the congressional drain, Republicans appeared broadly supportive of Mr. Ryan, grateful for his steady hand and policy fluency and mindful of the risks he took last year as Mr. Trump’s on-again-off-again campaign nemesis, giving members cover during a tumultuous election cycle.
Most suggested there was nothing he could have done differently to secure the necessary votes.
“If he can’t deliver them, they can’t be delivered,” said Representative Chris Collins of New York, a close Trump ally. “I’m certainly not blaming Paul Ryan in the least.”
Others grew more wistful, recalling that Mr. Ryan had to be coaxed into seizing the speaker’s gavel in the first place.
“He didn’t ask to do it,” said Representative Kevin Cramer, Republican of North Dakota. “We wanted a speaker who could articulate our principles, who could go on everybody’s radio shows and everybody’s TV shows, and go district to district in many cases, selling and articulating our philosophy, as well as sometimes pretty nerdy legislative stuff. He was tireless in that effort.”
A handful of Republicans took veiled swipes at the House leadership as the bill flailed. Representative Justin Amash of Michigan wrote Friday night on Twitter that the House was “supposed to be a deliberative body where outcomes are discovered, not dictated.”
“Compromise & consensus cannot be centrally planned,” said Mr. Amash, a member of the Freedom Caucus.
But the chief wild card, as ever, is Mr. Trump. In his private conversations, the president has remained supportive of Mr. Ryan, declining to join in his advisers’ frustrations over how the bill was handled in the House. One adviser described him as still “smitten” with Mr. Ryan.
“I want to thank Paul Ryan. He worked very, very hard,” Mr. Trump said on Friday. “I will tell you that. He worked very, very hard.”
Mr. Trump’s praise for Mr. Ryan seemed to owe, at least in part, to the fact that the speaker had repeatedly kept him informed throughout the negotiations. Mr. Ryan was also exceedingly deferential to the president, casting him for days as the consummate closer and a winner of the highest order. “The president gave his all in this effort,” he said on Friday. “He’s really been fantastic.”
Dynamics could shift quickly. Several of Mr. Trump’s advisers have for days been casting blame on Mr. Ryan, who is close with the president’s chief of staff, Reince Priebus. Mr. Trump is also known to grow angrier over time, particularly if faced with public embarrassment.
On Friday, Mr. Ryan was quick to adopt Mr. Trump’s favored rationale during the health fight, arguing that Republicans had been doing Democrats a grand favor by dismantling President Barack Obama’s health law in the first place and that Democrats would eventually suffer the consequences.
“I’m sure they may be pleased right now,” Mr. Ryan said, but when they see “how bad” things get, “I don’t think they’re going to like that, either.”
Mr. Ryan spoke from the same room where, just two weeks earlier, he delivered a slide show presentation live on cable, holding the attention of the political world — clicker in hand, sleeves peeled above his forearms — with a meditation on insurance premiums and Medicaid spending.
For all the outward displays of collaboration, the exhibition demonstrated the gulfs, both philosophical and stylistic, that divided Mr. Ryan from the Trump White House.
The administration had sought a different visual as the bill debuted to a critical panning: arranging competing stacks of paper in the White House briefing room, meant to demonstrate the relative simplicity of the Republican proposal compared with the thicker Affordable Care Act.
“This is government,” Sean Spicer, the press secretary, said at the time, gesturing first to the Democrats’ bill, then the new one. “This is not.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump ignites a lot of fights, but his failure to repeal the Affordable Care Act, the biggest defeat in his short time in the White House, was the result of something else: a long-running Republican civil war that humbled a generation of party leaders before he ever came to Washington.
A precedent-flouting president who believes that Washington’s usual rules do not apply to him, Mr. Trump now finds himself shackled by them.
In stopping the repeal of President Barack Obama’s proudest legacy  — the Republican Party’s professed priority for the last seven years — from even coming to a vote, the rebellious far right wing out-rebelled Mr. Trump, taking on and defeating the party establishment with which it has long been at war and which he now leads.
Like every one else who has tried to rule a fissured and fractious party, Mr. Trump now faces a wrenching choice: retrenchment or realignment.
Does he cede power to the anti-establishment wing of his party? Or does he seek other pathways to successful governing by throwing away the partisan playbook and courting a coalition with the Democrats, whom he has improbably blamed for his party’s shortcomings?
“It’s really a problem in our own party, and that’s something he’ll need to deal with moving forward,” said Representative Tom Cole of Oklahoma, an ally of the center-right Tuesday Group, which stuck with Mr. Trump in the health care fight and earned the president’s praise in the hours after the bill’s defeat.
“I think he did a lot — he met with dozens and dozens of members and made a lot of accommodations — but in the end, there’s a group of people in this party who just won’t say yes,” Mr. Cole said. “At some point, I think that means looking beyond our conference. The president is a deal maker, and Ronald Reagan cut some of his most important deals with Democrats.”
Mr. Trump is not there yet. Before becoming a presidential candidate, he seemed to have little fixed ideology. But as president, he has operated from the standard-issue Republican playbook, embracing many of the positions of Speaker Paul D. Ryan and the party establishment. While he is angry and thirsty for revenge, he seems determined to swallow the loss in hopes of marshaling enough Republican support to pass spending bills, an as-yet unformed tax overhaul and a $1 trillion infrastructure package — legislation that could attract considerable Democratic support but has the potential to split the party.
On Friday evening, a somewhat shellshocked president retreated to the White House residence to grieve and assign blame. In a search for scapegoats, he asked his advisers repeatedly: Whose fault was this?
Increasingly, that blame has fallen on Reince Priebus, the White House chief of staff, who coordinated initial legislative strategy on the health care bill with Mr. Ryan, his close friend and a fellow Wisconsinite, according to three people briefed on the president’s recent discussions.
Despite the public displays of unity with the speaker, Mr. Trump and his team now regret outsourcing so much of the early drafting to Mr. Ryan. One aide compared doing that to a developer’s staking everything on obtaining a property without conducting a thorough inspection. And they were stunned by his inability to master the politics of his own conference.
Mr. Trump, an image-obsessed developer with a lifelong indifference toward the mechanics of governance, made a game effort to negotiate with members of the far-right Freedom Caucus, even if it seemed to some members of that group, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, that he did not have the greatest grasp of health care policy or legislative procedure.
He told one adviser late Friday that his loss — a legislative debacle foreshadowed by the intraparty fight that led to the 2013 government shutdown — was a minor bump in the road and that the White House would recover.
In an interview with The New York Times on Friday, Mr. Trump asserted that the administration was “rocking.” The problem, he suggested, was divisions among Republicans.
There are “a lot of players, a lot of players with a very different mind-set,” Mr. Trump said. “You have liberals, even within the Republican Party. You have the conservative players.”
But his advisers were more realistic. Mr. Trump’s chief strategist, Stephen K. Bannon, according to people familiar with White House discussions, described the president’s decision to withdraw the health care bill in the face of its almost-certain defeat as a flat-out failure that could inflict serious damage on this presidency — even if Mr. Bannon believes Congress, not Mr. Trump, deserves much of the blame.
Mr. Bannon and the president’s more soft-spoken legislative affairs director, Marc Short, pushed Mr. Trump hard to insist on a public vote, as a way to identify, shame and pressure “no” voters who were killing their best chance to unravel the health care law.
One Republican congressional aide who was involved in the last-minute negotiations said Mr. Bannon and Mr. Short were seeking to compile an enemies list. Mr. Ryan repeatedly counseled the president to avoid seeking vengeance — at least until he has passed spending bills and a debt-ceiling increase needed to keep the government running. In the end, the president decided to back down.
But Mr. Trump’s advisers worry about the hard reality — the developer with the tough-guy veneer was steamrollered by factions in the Republican Congress.
As the dust settled on the health care debacle, it was clear that Mr. Trump’s lieutenants in the Republican civil war had been divided on how they thought the health care fight should have been handled, which does not augur well for the political battles to come.
Mutual disgust with the Freedom Caucus seems to be pulling Mr. Ryan and, despite his misgivings, Mr. Trump, together, at least for now — just as it briefly united President Barack Obama and John A. Boehner, Mr. Ryan’s long-suffering predecessor, during their doomed effort to reach a “grand bargain” on a tax overhaul in 2011.
Until the very end, Mr. Trump’s team was deeply divided over whether he should fully commit to a hard sell on a bill they viewed as fundamentally flawed, with Vice President Mike Pence pointedly advising the president to label the effort “Ryancare,” not “Trumpcare,” according to aides. A Pence spokesman denied that the vice president tried to tie the bill to the speaker.
Many on Mr. Trump’s team disengaged from the process even as he dug in. Gary D. Cohn, Mr. Trump’s top economic adviser, had originally been tasked with playing a large role in shepherding the legislation from the White House side. But Mr. Cohn had grown leery of the bill, and the White House recognized that Mr. Cohn, a former president of Goldman Sachs and a Democrat, was not a good messenger to deal with recalcitrant conservatives.
Mr. Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, a key adviser, had said for weeks that he thought supporting the bill was a mistake, according to two people who spoke with him. But he was on a family skiing trip in Aspen, Colo., last week, and did not return to Washington until Friday — much to the annoyance of Mr. Trump, who thought he should have been in Washington in the whole week, according to two Republicans close to the White House.
But Mr. Trump brushed aside those concerns in the last few days and embraced the conventional role as leader of his party. He has one speed when he decides to shift to sales mode, aides said, and he had trouble modulating his tone, issuing cringe-inducing superlatives like “wonderful” to describe an ungainly bill his aides described as anything but.
After it was all over, the president dutifully blamed the Democrats, a party out of power and largely leaderless, after turning his back on their offers to negotiate on a bipartisan package that would have addressed shortcomings in the Affordable Care Act while preserving its core protections for poor and working-class patients.
Aides advised him the argument was nonsensical, according to a person with knowledge of the interaction.
For Mr. Trump’s Republican opponents, here was revenge served cold. As a candidate in 2016, he initially scoffed at signing a Republican loyalty pledge, at times behaving more like an independent invading the Republican host organism than like a typical presidential candidate.
As president, Mr. Trump has left dozens of critical administration jobs unfilled, rejecting stalwart Republican applicants deemed insufficiently loyal to him — and now he is decrying the disloyalty of the 20 to 30 conservative members who outmaneuvered and overpowered him on health care.
“We all learned a lot — we learned a lot about loyalty,” a solemn Mr. Trump told reporters late Friday.
The dynamic that led to his defeat is bigger than Mr. Trump, despite his tendency to personalize every win or loss. Republicans who gained power by savaging Washington are in full control and cannot agree on a path forward.
“We were a 10-year opposition party,” Mr. Ryan said in assessing the defeat late Friday. “Being against things was easy to do.”
Former Speaker Newt Gingrich, a Trump supporter, said after the health bill was pulled that he was “getting some déjà vu right now.”
“Do you think Donald J. Trump goes home tonight, shrugs and says, ‘This is what winning looks like’?” Mr. Gingrich added. “No! But this is where the Republican Party is right now, and it’s been this way for years.”
But Mr. Trump put on his best face on Saturday morning. “ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE,” he said on Twitter. “Do not worry!”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — When Speaker Paul D. Ryan arrived at the White House on Friday to inform President Trump that the health care bill he had made his first major legislative push could not pass, Mr. Trump had one reaction: He wanted revenge.
Furious at rebellious Republicans who refused to back the measure, Mr. Trump demanded that defectors cast “no” votes for all to see — even if it meant the measure’s high-profile defeat, broadcast live on television.
But over a lunch of chicken, brussels sprouts and twice-baked potatoes in the Oval Office, Mr. Ryan pleaded with Mr. Trump to reconsider.
A loss could do lasting political damage to Republicans who supported the contentious bill, Mr. Ryan argued, especially those in competitive districts who were vulnerable to primary challenges. It would do nothing to isolate or punish the Freedom Caucus, the conservative faction that had resisted the measure all along, he added.
And it could alienate rank-and-file Republicans needed to push through other challenging initiatives in the weeks to come, including an increase in the debt ceiling, a sweeping tax cut and the president’s promised $1 trillion infrastructure package.
Mr. Trump remained unconvinced, but by midafternoon, armed with vote counts showing that the measure lacked a majority to pass, the president called the speaker to agree: You should pull the bill.
The collapse of the measure dealt Mr. Trump — a professed master dealmaker who campaigned as an agent of change — a remarkable setback in his young presidency, threatening to sap his influence and imperil his ambitious agenda. It also highlighted the importance of a pairing that will shape the Trump era: a president inexperienced in the complexities of politics and uninterested in the nuance of policy, paired with a vulnerable speaker struggling to corral competing coalitions within the Republican Party.
With repeal and replace now a hollow vow, Mr. Trump’s anger at the defiant members of the Freedom Caucus was undiminished. But trying to put the best possible face on a major defeat late Friday afternoon, he confined his public criticism to Democrats.
“When you get zero from the other side — they let us down because they’re hurting the people,” Mr. Trump said in a telephone interview shortly after he had agreed to pull the measure. Asked whether he was worried the loss would hurt Republicans, he said, “I’ll let you know in a year.”
The demise of the American Health Care Act played out in a tense 24 hours that White House and congressional officials said proved a political education for Mr. Trump and his top advisers on the promise and peril of governing, even with unified Republican control. This account is based on government officials who were present during the last-minute negotiations and who spoke on the condition of anonymity.
“We all learned a lot,” Mr. Trump told reporters on Friday afternoon. “We learned a lot about loyalty, and we learned a lot about the vote-getting process.”
“Certainly for me, it was a very interesting experience,” he added.
Mr. Trump, who initially had little involvement in crafting the health care bill, became more deeply engaged in recent weeks, promoting it at rallies outside Washington and holding meetings in the West Wing with conservative and moderate coalitions whose support was crucial to its passage.
But he made little secret of his ambivalence about addressing the issue — “I would have loved to have put it first, I’ll be honest,” Mr. Trump said of tax reform in Nashville last week — yet he told aides he believed the measure could not pass without a push from him.
By Thursday afternoon, just hours before a scheduled vote, it had become clear that his efforts — along with those of Vice President Mike Pence and other senior White House officials — had fallen short. At a meeting in Mr. Ryan’s office in the Capitol with members of the recalcitrant Freedom Caucus, top White House officials laid out the changes they had made at the group’s behest, including stripping it of federal standards for benefits that must be provided in health insurance policies, including maternity and wellness care.
Caucus members began outlining still more changes they needed to see before they could support the bill, angering Mr. Ryan and Mr. Trump’s aides. Stephen K. Bannon, the president’s chief strategist, and Mick Mulvaney, his budget director, told the group that the White House was finished negotiating and that the president wanted to know its position on the bill — yes or no.
Called on in turn to state their positions, several members refused. As tensions rose, Representative Mark Meadows of North Carolina said that he spoke for the group and that they were not ready to commit. That meant the votes would not be there.
Mr. Ryan postponed the vote and called an evening meeting of House Republicans in the basement of the Capitol. Lawmakers munched on Chick-fil-A takeout as Mr. Mulvaney delivered the president’s ultimatum on the health measure: Fall in line behind it or accept that former President Barack Obama’s Affordable Care Act would be the law of the land. The speaker emerged and told reporters there would be a vote in the morning, rushing away from the news cameras as he was asked if Republicans had the votes.
In a 45-minute telephone call Thursday evening between Mr. Trump and Mr. Ryan, the two commiserated over the demands of the caucus and strategized over the prospects for a vote on Friday.
Even as the two spoke, some of Mr. Trump’s advisers were privately expressing frustration with Mr. Ryan, arguing that he had badly misjudged the situation and misled the president into tackling health care before a tax overhaul.
The meeting with the Freedom Caucus had prompted a realization by Mr. Trump and his inner circle about how the group operated, and that offering it policy concessions would not win its support.
By Friday, Mr. Trump was out for blood, eager to call the bluff of the Freedom Caucus and savage it if the health bill went down in defeat. Mr. Bannon and Marc Short, Mr. Trump’s legislative affairs director, both favored holding the vote.
But Mr. Ryan, reluctant to suffer an embarrassing loss or to ask his fellow Republicans to take what could be a politically perilous vote on a measure that had little chance of passing, argued vigorously against it.
White House officials still believed as much as half of the 40-member Freedom Caucus could be pressured into supporting the bill, and Mr. Bannon demanded to see a confidential vote-count list that demonstrated otherwise. The numbers were grim, and Mr. Trump called Mr. Ryan to acquiesce into calling off the vote.
“I don’t blame him for a thing, I really don’t,” Mr. Trump said of Mr. Ryan in the interview on Friday. “Look, he tried. He tried very hard.”
But one close adviser said that Mr. Trump, who hates looking weak or any form of embarrassment in public, was stewing.
One ally of the president, however, said that he had learned from the process. Christopher Ruddy, the chief executive of Newsmax Media and a longtime friend of Mr. Trump, said he thought it was a “blessing in disguise” that the bill had died.
“This bill was a political bullet aimed at the president and congressional Republicans running for office next year,” he said. “On future legislation, he won’t make the same mistakes.”
As Mr. Trump reflected on the health care debacle, the president who had predicted during the campaign that he would win so often that people would become “sick of winning” insisted that he was at peace with the day’s results.
“I’m not disappointed,” he said in the interview. “If I were, I wouldn’t be calling you.”
He said that he was moving on to overhauling the tax system and trade, describing the experience with the health bill as not that different from some of his negotiations as a real-estate developer.
But he acknowledged that he was pleased to have it all behind him.
“It’s enough already,” he said.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — At the end of the long day, the alliance of conservative ideologues who once shut down the government over President Barack Obama’s health care law could not find the will to repeal it.
Since the Tea Party wave of 2010 that swept House Republicans into power, a raucous, intransigent and loosely aligned group of lawmakers known as the Freedom Caucus — most from heavily Republican districts — has often landed a punch to its own party’s face.
Friday’s defeat of the Republican leadership’s bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act was a return to form, handing an immense defeat to President Trump and embarrassing Speaker Paul D. Ryan in his own House. It also challenged the veracity of their long-held claims that a Republican president was all they needed to get big things accomplished.
The most important question for Republicans now is whether the members of the Freedom Caucus will find themselves newly emboldened in ways that may bring the new president more defeats — or whether Mr. Ryan will do what former Speaker John A. Boehner could not, and find a way to shred their influence for good.
“If you are defined by your opposition to leadership, it’s hard to be part of a governing coalition,” said Alex Conant, a onetime aide to Senator Marco Rubio, the Florida Republican who was once a Tea Party star. “Their opposition to Trump’s health care bill should surprise nobody who’s paid attention for the last six years. Even the world’s best negotiator can’t make a deal with someone who never compromises.”
But the Freedom Caucus has never been about compromise. In 2011, it picked a huge, costly fight over Planned Parenthood. In 2013, it orchestrated a government shutdown over funding for the health care law. Then, in its most striking move, it deposed Mr. Boehner in 2015. The common thread: It has continuously been an adversary of legislation itself.
But after years of opposing power — both in the White House, which was occupied by a Democrat, and in the leadership of their own party — the conservatives were offered a chance to negotiate directly with the president and his budget director, a former Freedom Caucus member, over the bill to replace the Affordable Care Act. The members pushed and pushed Mr. Trump to the far right edges of policy, just as they have done for years on other bills. But they still could not get to “yes,” and therefore became part owners of the expansive health law they were trying to undo.
“They made the perfect the enemy of the good,” said Representative Roger Marshall, Republican of Kansas. “I don’t know how they can go back home and tell people they voted to keep Obamacare, voted to keep funding Planned Parenthood.”
Indeed, members of the Freedom Caucus — which is supported by outside conservative groups — have often claimed the mantle of pure conservatism, but their tactics have been seen by many in their party as uniformly counterproductive.
Time after time, they undermined Republican leaders’ efforts to secure wins for the conservative cause by overreaching and demanding the impossible.
They have anointed Representative Mark Meadows of North Carolina as their leader and principal spokesman. But they occasionally get help from three senators sympathetic to their cause: Ted Cruz of Texas, Rand Paul of Kentucky and Mike Lee of Utah.
At critical times, House conservatives have forced their party to make deals with Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, the Democratic leader — an idea anathema to most Republicans, who would seethe.
This time, by negotiating with Mr. Trump on the complex issue of health care, a measure whose complexity he did not seem to fully grasp, they moved an already contentious bill further and further to the right, eliminating too many benefits to keep moderate and other conservative members on board. Even Mr. Trump was said to be taken aback by their attempts to remove things Republicans have long promised to keep, like health insurance benefits for children up to 26 years old.
Given that the House and Senate majorities were built on a promise to repeal and replace Mr. Obama’s signature health care law, many lawmakers fear electoral repercussions. “It is painfully ironic that members from safe, conservative congressional districts who can’t ever quite seem to get to ‘yes’ make it harder to enact good, conservative public policy like repealing Obamacare,” said Michael Steel, a Republican strategist and former aide to Mr. Boehner.
This seemed lost on many Freedom Caucus members on Friday. “Part of the legislative process is working with people who have different ideas,” said Representative Justin Amash, Republican of Michigan. “This process from the beginning wasn’t designed to do that.”
Now, health care has become such a partisan issue that voters seem to have little expectation that their elected officials will do much to solve the problem.
“I believe we should have more attention paid to the centrists in both parties,” said Representative Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, Republican of Florida, one of the early moderate defectors of the bill. “Instead of showing all this attention to three or four people who never vote for anything, let’s do an American health plan, not a Republican or Democrat one.”
Mr. Ryan and Mr. Trump offered up a cheerful patina on what many in Washington viewed as an unmitigated failure, one brought on by a group that had brought down the speaker, shuttered the government and needlessly delayed previous legislation with no significant accomplishments to call its own.
And a new test will come soon as Republicans contemplate an overhaul of the tax code, as the fate of the health care bill throws into doubt whether any major legislation can pass in this climate.
To mitigate this issue, Mr. Ryan will be charged with building the sort of outside coalitions that did not exist for the failed health care bill, which was opposed by doctors, nurses, hospitals, disease groups and conservative political action committees.
“There are lessons from this debate that will be applied to upcoming issues like tax reform, infrastructure and financial reform,” said Ken Spain, who served as the National Republican Congressional Committee’s spokesman in 2010. “Debates are won and lost in the districts and states, not in the cloakrooms of Congress.”
“Winning legislative battles today,” he said, “requires more of an outside-in approach.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Friday’s collapse of Republican plans to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act has broad implications not only for the nation’s health care system, but also for the fate of President Trump’s ambitious agenda in his young and chaotic presidency.
On Capitol Hill, the failure of newly empowered Republicans to make good on their biggest campaign-year promise exposes the deep divisions that remain in the party. It also, importantly, raises profound dangers ahead of next year’s midterm elections.
Taken together, the lessons for the new president and his Republican allies are difficult but necessary if they want to succeed in making progress during the next three and a half years.
House Speaker Paul D. Ryan said on Friday that the lesson from defeat is that “doing big things is hard.” Republicans, he said, are eager to “step up our game, to deliver on our promises.”
Mr. Trump, in remarks from the Oval Office after admitting defeat, said he had “learned a lot about the vote-getting process” and called the legislative failure an “interesting experience.”
For both men, those comments almost certainly understate the impact of Friday’s stunning outcome. Here are five takeaways from the day:
The most obvious result from the Republican failure on Friday is the immediate survival of the Affordable Care Act. Those who want to buy plans from HealthCare.gov can continue to do so. Families covered by Medicaid will still have insurance. People who saw premiums rise or choices shrink will remain frustrated. And the eight-year political war over the law will continue to be waged.
Democrats crowed when Republicans pulled back their repeal. But the celebrating will be temporary, as Representative Elijah E. Cummings of Maryland noted. “Americans can breathe a small sigh of relief,” he said in a statement, “for now.” The Republican assault on President Barack Obama’s health care law may continue even without a legislative overhaul as administration officials continue to pick away at its regulatory underpinnings.
The Affordable Care Act was always designed to require continuing support to succeed. Each year, the federal government mounts an advertisement campaign to boost enrollment — something that may no longer happen in a Trump administration. Other regulatory changes could cause problems for the stability of the insurance marketplaces.
The dangers to the law were underscored by Mr. Trump himself, moments after Republicans abandoned their legislative efforts. “When it explodes, they’ll come to me to make a deal,” Mr. Trump told The New York Times’s Maggie Haberman. Any hope that Friday’s experience might encourage Mr. Trump to work with Democrats to fix the law’s shortcomings died with that statement.
“Today’s result is seven years in the making,” said Dan Pfeiffer, a senior adviser to Mr. Obama. “The Republicans focused all of their health care energy on the Obama part and none of the care of Obamacare, and therefore were terribly ill-prepared for the moment it came time to actually do something.”
Mr. Trump won the White House by selling an image. He told people he was the dealmaker who would get his way — with foreign leaders, chief executives and with Congress — through the strength of his personality and his negotiating skills.
That, more than anything, was undercut by Friday’s failure. Having fundamentally misread the likelihood of success, Mr. Trump and his advisers fully embraced the health care legislation. While the president never slapped his name on the bill, he happily accepted the personal challenge of getting it passed.
“By our count,” Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, bragged just hours before the bill died, “over 120 members have personally had a visit, call or meeting here at the White House in the past few days, which is an extraordinary feat.”
Having invested his political capital in the outcome of the legislation, Mr. Trump’s personal brand has been diminished, according to Republicans who watched the health care debate.
“This is a moment of time, when you’re skulking around the family chambers in the White House residence, where you take stock of where you are,” said Steve Schmidt, a Republican strategist who helped run Senator John McCain’s presidential campaign in 2008.
“It’s a startling setback,” Mr. Schmidt added.
Mr. Trump and the Republican Party are moving on. Having spent 64 of his first 100 days pursuing an ultimately futile effort to overhaul health care, the president now must move quickly to try to make good on his other promises — tax reform, a border wall and investment in infrastructure.
That may all be harder now. Lawmakers who disagree with Mr. Trump have seen him buckle in the face of pressure. And Republican lawmakers may be inspired by the success of the Freedom Caucus — which wanted to defeat the health care legislation — to fight for their own interests.
That may be particularly dangerous during an effort to overhaul the nation’s tax code. That process is famously difficult, with every change producing winners and losers, all of them ably represented by powerful lobbies.
Mr. Trump seems unfazed — or unaware — of that prospect. In comments to reporters, Mr. Trump vowed to “start going very, very strongly for the big tax cuts and tax reform. That will be next.”
If tax reform becomes defined just as “big tax cuts,” the president might find a more unified Republican Party on Capitol Hill. But if he seeks fundamental changes to the kinds of deductions and credits that have been added over decades, he may soon face similar intraparty disagreements.
Steven T. Mnuchin, the Treasury secretary, said at an event sponsored by Axios on Friday that he thought tax reform would be “simpler” than passing health reform. But lobbyists from almost every industry have been busily chipping away at parts of the proposal that Mr. Ryan drafted last summer and that powerful groups such as the billionaire Koch brothers, the Club for Growth and the National Retail Federation have come out against.
Representative Kevin Brady, the Republican chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, is hopeful nonetheless.
“This made a big challenge more challenging but it’s not insurmountable, so we’re going to pivot straight to this and just roll forward,” Mr. Brady said on Fox News.
But even as Mr. Trump and Republicans try to turn to other agenda items, the 2018 midterm elections loom large on the horizon.
Most presidents face losses during their first midterm elections, as voters take their first opportunity to express their opinions of his presidency. And few have had the kind of difficult first year that Mr. Trump has already endured, including approval ratings that are in the 30s — much lower than most of his predecessors.
Republican lawmakers will head home for spring break next month to explain the health reform failure. Conservatives may brag that they prevented something worse. But many voters will struggle to understand why a repeal didn’t happen with Republicans in full control in Washington.
“They are going to blame the feckless, corrupt Republican Congress that they’ve always hated,” Mr. Schmidt predicted. “Dark and ominous clouds are about to blow in over Mount Election 2018.”
The best electoral hope for most Republican lawmakers may be to move away quickly from Friday’s loss.
But election season — a time when legislative success is usually hard to achieve — will come more rapidly than they like. Lawmakers often say legislating is only really possible in the first 200 days of a president’s term.
“The challenge there is that for a lot of big-ticket legislative items, you have a very small window to make big gains on those initiatives,” said Kevin Madden, a Republican strategist and former top adviser to Mitt Romney, the party’s 2012 Republican nominee.
“A good amount of time has already been spent,” Mr. Madden said. “You have to quickly move to reorient your agenda so you can maximize your time.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The Trump administration’s negotiations with the Israeli government are expected to yield only a general commitment — and not a specific pledge — to slow the building of Jewish settlements in the West Bank, an administration official briefed on the talks said on Friday.
The White House believes it is unrealistic to expect Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to sign on to an agreement that sets numerical or geographic limitations on construction, said the official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss internal deliberations.
Instead, the official said, the United States would measure success by whether there was evidence that construction was slowing down — a trend that President Trump has said is important to create the conditions for a peace accord between the Israelis and Palestinians.
Such a vague agreement would be less than some hoped for, especially after Mr. Trump last month unexpectedly raised the rapid spread of settlements as a roadblock to a potential peace deal.
“I’d like to see you hold back on settlements for a little bit,” Mr. Trump told Mr. Netanyahu on Feb. 15, during the Israeli premier’s visit to the White House. “We’ll work something out.”
Mr. Netanyahu replied, “Let’s try it,” prompting Mr. Trump to joke, “Doesn’t sound too optimistic, but he’s a good negotiator.”
On Thursday, a delegation of senior aides to Mr. Netanyahu left Washington after four days of talks with a White House team that left the settlements issue unresolved. A White House statement said administration officials had reiterated Mr. Trump’s “concerns” about the impact of new settlements on the prospects for peace.
But the statement added that the “Israeli delegation made clear that Israel’s intent going forward is to adopt a policy regarding settlement activity that takes those concerns into consideration.”
Mr. Trump surprised virtually everybody when he raised Israeli settlements as an issue after taking office. Many in Israel expected that, given his unstinting support of Mr. Netanyahu during the campaign and his vow to move the American Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, he would give the Israelis carte blanche to expand settlement construction.
Instead, the administration put the embassy move on the back burner. And Mr. Trump told an Israeli newspaper, Israel Hayom, that he viewed settlements as unhelpful for a peace accord. “Every time you take land for settlements,” he said, “there is less land left.”
The last time Mr. Netanyahu tangled with a president over settlements, the dispute played out publicly: President Barack Obama’s secretary of state, Hillary Clinton, demanded that Israel cease all construction — “not some settlements, not outposts, not natural-growth exceptions.” This time, the two sides appear determined to work out an understanding privately, so as not to undermine the rapport the two leaders have established.
Extracting a deal from Mr. Netanyahu in current circumstances would be tricky. The Israeli leader is politically more vulnerable than he was eight years ago, when Mr. Obama demanded that he freeze all construction.
Right-wing members of his coalition are committed to the settler movement and Mr. Netanyahu, several experts said, cannot afford to look as if he is yielding too quickly to Mr. Trump’s pressure.
“He can’t square the circle,” said Martin S. Indyk, who served as special envoy for Israeli-Palestinian negotiations during the Obama administration. “He can’t agree to a freeze and keep his coalition.”
But Mr. Netanyahu, experts said, could also use his new rapport with Mr. Trump to his advantage. The standoff over settlements helped poison Mr. Netanyahu’s relationship with Mr. Obama, and the Israeli leader can argue that it must not be allowed to do the same with Mr. Trump.
“I don’t think you can come to a quick deal,” said Dennis B. Ross, who also advised Mr. Obama and several other presidents on the peace process. “It looks like there is a context being created for an agreement later on.”
Previous administrations have struggled in their attempts to negotiate deals on settlements. The Obama administration managed to get Mr. Netanyahu to agree to a 10-month moratorium on construction, which was meant to open a window for talks between Israel and the Palestinians. But the 2010 process went nowhere, in part because the Palestinians did not come to the table until the moratorium was close to expiring, and Mr. Netanyahu refused to extend it.
Mr. Trump has named a longtime lawyer from his real estate company, Jason D. Greenblatt, to lead the negotiations with Israel. Mr. Greenblatt reports to Jared Kushner, Mr. Trump’s son-in-law, who did not take part in this week’s negotiations. Mr. Greenblatt has tasked a National Security Council official from the Obama administration, Yael Lempert, to help in the talks, which has fanned criticism from the right wing in Israel.
“These guys are learning on the run,” said Daniel C. Kurtzer, a former American ambassador to Israel and Egypt. “They’re also understanding that you can get snookered here.”
Mr. Kurtzer, who was involved during the George W. Bush administration in trying to set specific limits to settlement construction, said the process was bewildering in its complexity. Defining settlement blocs, and defining permissible construction within them, is open to endless debate, he said.
Settlements have become increasingly contentious at the United Nations as well. It is arguably the most politically delicate issue for the new secretary general, António Guterres, as he seeks to create a working relationship with the Trump administration, which has accused the organization of a deep anti-Israel bias.
Anything that the administration considers hostile to Israel, Mr. Guterres knows, could be used to alienate both the White House and influential members of Congress who exert enormous influence over American financial support for the 193-member United Nations.
The Security Council voted in a Dec. 23 resolution to condemn the Israeli settlements as illegal and demand that Israel halt their construction, arguing they constituted a major obstacle to peace talks. Mr. Trump, president-elect at the time, expressed fury at the Obama administration for having abstained in that vote instead of blocking it with a veto.
At the Security Council on Friday, the secretary general’s special envoy for the Middle East, Nickolay Mladenov, said in his first report since the resolution was adopted that Israel not only had failed to comply with the demand on settlements, but had undertaken a big expansion, of more than 5,000 units. Mr. Mladenov called the expansion “deeply concerning” and said that the “territorial contiguity of a future Palestinian state” is threatened.
“Such actions are in breach of international law and they must stop,” Mr. Mladenov said. “Settlement expansion undermines the very essence of a two-state solution.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Paul Manafort, who served as President Trump’s campaign manager and is under scrutiny for his ties to Russia, will testify before the House Intelligence Committee, the panel’s chairman said on Friday.
The chairman, Representative Devin Nunes, Republican of California, said Mr. Manafort had volunteered to appear before the committee as it conducts its own investigation into Russian interference in the election. Jason Maloni, Mr. Manafort’s spokesman, confirmed the announcement.
“Mr. Manafort instructed his representatives to reach out to committee staff and offer to provide information voluntarily regarding recent allegations about Russian interference in the election,” Mr. Maloni said in a statement. “As Mr. Manafort has always maintained, he looks forward to meeting with those conducting serious investigations of these issues to discuss the facts.”
Mr. Manafort has offered to appear before the Senate Intelligence Committee as well, according to a Senate official who requested anonymity to discuss committee business.
Senator Mark Warner of Virginia, the Intelligence Committee’s Democratic vice chairman, had said the committee wanted to talk to Mr. Manafort because members were concerned about his connections to a former Ukrainian president and a Russian tycoon close to President Vladimir V. Putin.
It is unclear when Mr. Manafort will testify before either committee. A considerable amount of preparation is required before such hearings, including research and interviewing other witnesses. And considering the serious questions surrounding Mr. Manafort’s connections, Democratic lawmakers in particular will want to take their time preparing.
Evidence that heightened suspicions about Mr. Manafort emerged this week, when a member of Ukraine’s Parliament released documents showing that the former Trump adviser had tried to hide payments connected to his work for the former president of Ukraine, Viktor F. Yanukovych, apparently by funneling some money through an offshore account and masking it as payment for computers.
Mr. Manafort denied the allegation.
The Associated Press also reported that, before working for Mr. Trump, Mr. Manafort had secretly worked for a Russian billionaire, Oleg Deripaska, to promote Mr. Putin’s government in the United States, offering strategies to sway politics, news coverage and business deals.
It was Mr. Manafort’s questionable ties to Russia that ended his stint running Mr. Trump’s campaign. Days after The New York Times reported in August that he was designated to collect $12.7 million in undisclosed, potentially illegal payments from a pro-Russia political party in Ukraine, Mr. Manafort resigned from the campaign.
Mr. Manafort worked for the campaign for about five months, in particular as a strategist hired to help woo delegates. He had been known in recent years for his international political work.
In a decision that Democrats immediately rebuked, Mr. Nunes said on Friday that he would replace a scheduled public hearing with former intelligence and law enforcement officials with a closed-door proceeding to hear from the directors of the F.B.I. and the National Security Agency. Those officials, James B. Comey and Adm. Michael S. Rogers, testified in a public hearing before the committee on Monday.
Representative Adam B. Schiff of California, the House panel’s top Democrat, denounced Mr. Nunes for canceling the hearing, which was scheduled for Tuesday, with James R. Clapper Jr., the former director of national intelligence; John O. Brennan, the former C.I.A. director; and Sally Q. Yates, who served as acting attorney general in January.
Calling it “an attempt to choke off” public information, Mr. Schiff said Mr. Nunes had scuttled the hearing under pressure from the White House after Monday’s hearing.
Despite frustrations with Mr. Nunes’s recent decisions, Democrats welcomed the opportunity to question Mr. Manafort.
“Democrats feel that if we’re not engaged in this investigation, no one will be,” Mr. Schiff said in a news conference at the Capitol. “And there are some, I’m sure, in this building who would like nothing more than this investigation to go away. From my point of view, that would be irresponsible of us.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump had already given his blessing: Pull the bill. Speaker Paul D. Ryan, bound for the basement of the Capitol, was preparing to deliver the news to his conference.
And inside the House gallery on Friday, still teeming with lawmakers debating legislation that would never get a vote, Gary and Tammy Comes, visitors from Vero Beach, Fla., were straining to puzzle out the shouting just after 3:30 p.m.
“Vote! Vote! Vote!” came the lawmakers’ chants, echoing as the body suddenly adjourned, setting in motion a whirring of members, journalists and assorted guests wandering through the Capitol, conscripted to spend the next several minutes — days? election cycles? — making sense of what had happened.
“He’s like the coach,” Mr. Comes, a 51-year-old Trump voter, said of his president as he left, lamenting the finale of a two-day education in legislative incineration. “Why do you want the coach to lose?”
They were not alone in this hour of congressional processing, shuffling toward the exits with more questions than insights.
Republican members fumed loudest, racing into elevators after their conference meeting. “Don’t bother to go,” Representative Darrell Issa of California told a late-arriving colleague. It was over, he said, turning a thumb down.
Staff members digested the moment in varying degrees of distress. “Health care is hard,” one young woman said quietly to a peer.
Building employees gossiped. “Ryan did an interview downstairs,” one man told a police officer on his way out, referring to Mr. Ryan’s session with reporters after 4 p.m. “Said Obamacare’s the law of the land.”
Others drifted through the halls with little sense of the surrounding tumult. Workers pushed carts into closets, eager to complete their week. Music blared from the headphones of high school visitors waiting by a bathroom.
Then there were the Comeses. They had not planned to tour the Capitol during their vacation here. But sensing something momentous afoot, they first wandered into the gallery on Thursday.
“They adjourned trying to debate what time to start this morning,” said Ms. Comes, 47, marveling at the inanity.
“They cited some kind of rule,” her husband added, shrugging beneath a National Hot Rod Association hoodie.
The two are not Trump die-hards, they suggested, describing the 2016 election as a battle of relative evils.
But they expressed satisfaction with Mr. Trump’s efforts so far.
“He’s doing good,” Ms. Comes said. “I think more people need to support him.”
“It’s a complicated issue,” Mr. Comes noted, a partial echo of Mr. Trump’s recent musing that “nobody knew that health care could be so complicated.”
Still, the couple, returning soon to their Florida log cabin — “our neighbors call us Lincolns,” Mr. Comes said — said their attendance on Friday had been instructive.
“It’s cool to be a part of history, even if it didn’t happen,” he said.
Moments later, a guard walked over. The space was closing to the public.
The House was no longer open for business, he said. Or whatever that was.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee rebuffed calls on Tuesday to recuse himself from the panel’s investigation into Russian meddling in the presidential election, as Democrats accused him of stalling the inquiry by canceling the committee’s meetings.
Representative Devin Nunes of California, the chairman, said he would continue to lead the House investigation despite accusations from Democrats — including his committee’s ranking member, Representative Adam B. Schiff of California — that he is too close to President Trump to conduct an impartial inquiry.
“Why would I not?” Mr. Nunes told reporters on Tuesday morning. Pressed about concerns from Democrats, he added, “That sounds like their problem.”
The announcement that the committee would not hold a closed-door meeting on Tuesday as expected with James B. Comey, the F.B.I. director; and Adm. Michael S. Rogers, the director of the National Security Agency — a briefing Mr. Nunes insisted needed to happen before the committee could move forward with its public hearings — startled some Democrats. They added that the cancellations went further, including a regular meeting later in the week.
Representative Jim Himes of Connecticut, a Democrat on the committee, called it “profoundly concerning.”
“Effectively, what has happened is the committee’s oversight, the oversight of our national intelligence apparatus, has come to a halt because of this particular issue,” he said.
Mr. Nunes disputed that the investigation had stalled, though he noted that it was difficult for the committee “to move forward with interviews and depositions” until members could speak to Mr. Comey again.
“Nothing has been canceled,” Mr. Nunes said. “Everything is moving forward as is.”
He also said the committee had invited Mr. Comey to appear once more, though it was unclear when that might happen. A committee spokesman said the request had been extended to Admiral Rogers as well. Mr. Schiff did not sign the letter, two aides said.
Speaker Paul D. Ryan maintained on Tuesday to reporters that he saw no reason for Mr. Nunes to step away from the investigation.
Last week, Mr. Nunes said he briefed Mr. Ryan on information indicating Mr. Trump or members of his transition team might have been “incidentally” caught up in legal surveillance of foreign operatives by American spy agencies. Mr. Ryan said on Tuesday that he did not know the source of that information.
In a new flare-up on Tuesday, The Washington Post reported that the White House had tried to block Sally Q. Yates, who was fired by Mr. Trump as acting attorney general in January, from appearing before the committee, apparently arguing that much of her testimony could be banned from discussion by presidential privilege that shields certain sensitive information from the public.
In letters later obtained by The New York Times, her lawyer pushed back, asserting that much of what Ms. Yates would address had already been described publicly by senior administration officials. The letters were dated late last week, around the time Mr. Nunes abruptly announced his decision to scrap a public hearing.
Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, rejected the report as “100 percent false,” saying the White House would not bar Ms. Yates from testifying. He also rejected the idea that the White House had pressured Mr. Nunes to cancel the hearing.
“I hope she testifies,” he said. “I look forward to it.”
Mr. Schiff said he was “deeply concerned” by the cancellation of the hearing with Ms. Yates and other former officials, which he said would have focused at least in part on Michael T. Flynn, the national security adviser who resigned after it was revealed that he lied to White House officials, including Vice President Mike Pence, about his contacts with Russia.
It was the latest development in a week in which bipartisan cooperation quickly collapsed. Last week, without consulting Mr. Schiff, Mr. Nunes bumped a planned public hearing with James R. Clapper Jr., the former director of national intelligence; John O. Brennan, the former C.I.A. director; and Ms. Yates, who was fired after she instructed Justice Department officials to not carry out Mr. Trump’s first proposed travel ban.
Tensions had escalated on Monday after the confirmation that Mr. Nunes had traveled to the White House grounds last week to view what he described as classified intelligence documents. A day after that, he announced to the news media, and then to Mr. Trump, that he had seen information indicating that members of the Trump transition team may have been caught up in legal surveillance.
“None of us, Democrat or Republican on the Senate Intelligence Committee, still has any idea what he’s talking about,” said Senator Mark Warner of Virginia, the Democratic vice chairman of the committee.
Mr. Schiff and Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, the top House Democrat, led calls for Mr. Nunes to recuse himself, arguing that he had proved himself incapable of leading an impartial investigation.
Representative Walter B. Jones, a North Carolina Republican who has joined Democrats in calling for more scrutiny of Russian meddling in the election, also called on Tuesday for Mr. Nunes to step away from the investigation. Mr. Nunes was a member of the Trump transition team, as well as a vocal supporter of Mr. Trump’s campaign.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court on Tuesday continued a trend toward limiting capital punishment, rejecting Texas’ approach to deciding which intellectually disabled people must be spared the death penalty.
Writing for the majority in the 5-to-3 decision, Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said Texas had failed to keep up with current medical consensus, relied too heavily on I.Q. scores and took account of factors rooted in stereotypes.
“Texas cannot satisfactorily explain why it applies current medical standards for diagnosing intellectual disability in other contexts, yet clings to superseded standards when an individual’s life is at stake,” Justice Ginsburg wrote. She was joined by Justices Anthony M. Kennedy, Stephen G. Breyer, Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan.
The case was the latest in a series of decisions refining the court’s 2002 decision in Atkins v. Virginia, which barred the execution of the intellectually disabled as a violation of the Eighth Amendment’s ban on cruel and unusual punishment. The Atkins decision gave states substantial discretion to decide just who was, in the language of the day, “mentally retarded.”
But the decision did set out a general framework. It said a finding of intellectual disability required proof of three things: “subaverage intellectual functioning,” meaning low I.Q. scores; a lack of fundamental social and practical skills; and the presence of both conditions before age 18. The court said I.Q. scores under “approximately 70” typically indicated disability.
The case before the court on Tuesday concerned Bobby J. Moore, who has been on death row since 1980 for fatally shooting a 72-year-old Houston supermarket clerk, James McCarble, during a robbery.
Justice Ginsburg wrote that Mr. Moore’s I.Q. was in the range of 69 to 79, meaning that other factors had to be considered. In dissent, Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. wrote that only two I.Q. scores had been found reliable, of 78 and 74.
“The court’s ruling on intellectual functioning turns solely on the fact that Moore’s I.Q. range was 69 to 79 rather than 70 to 80,” Chief Justice Roberts wrote.
The reliable scores were enough, he said, to decide the case and to allow Mr. Moore’s execution.
Justice Ginsburg said the courts have more work to do when I.Q. scores are close to the line. For instance, she wrote, Mr. Moore had reached his teenage years without having learned the most fundamental things.
“At 13,” she wrote, “Moore lacked basic understanding of the days of the week, the months of the year, and the seasons; he could scarcely tell time or comprehend the standards of measure or the basic principle that subtraction is the reverse of addition.”
A state judge, considering that evidence and relying on current medical standards on intellectual disability, concluded that executing Mr. Moore would violate the Eighth Amendment.
But the Court of Criminal Appeals, Texas’ highest court for criminal matters, reversed that ruling, saying the judge had made a mistake in “employing the definition of intellectual disability presently used.”
Under medical standards from 1992, Mr. Moore was not intellectually disabled, the appeals court said. The court added that the young Bobby Moore “had demonstrated adaptive strengths” by living on the street, mowing lawns, playing pool and committing crimes. He had, for instance, worn a wig during the robbery and tried to hide his shotgun in two plastic bags, which prosecutors said was evidence of forethought and planning.
Justice Ginsburg said the appeals court had given too much weight to those aspects of Mr. Moore’s behavior and not enough to his intellectual deficits.
The appeals court relied on a set of seven factors to help determine intellectual disability drawn from one of its earlier decisions. (One example: “Can the person hide facts or lie effectively?”) Justice Ginsburg rejected the factors, noting that they were used almost nowhere else and that Texas itself did not use them in determining intellectual disability in other contexts.
On this point, Chief Justice Roberts agreed, saying, “Those factors are an unacceptable method of enforcing the guarantee of Atkins.”
The case, Moore v. Texas, No. 15-797, had attracted some attention for one aspect of Texas’ approach, which was partly drawn from a comparison to the fictional character of Lennie Small, the dim, hulking farmhand in John Steinbeck’s novella “Of Mice and Men.”
In 2004, in the decision that set out the standards Texas uses, Judge Cathy Cochran of the Court of Criminal Appeals wrote that Lennie should be a legal touchstone. “Most Texas citizens might agree that Steinbeck’s Lennie should, by virtue of his lack of reasoning ability and adaptive skills, be exempt” from the death penalty, she wrote.
When Mr. Moore’s case was argued in November, Justice Sotomayor said he was at least as intellectually disabled as Lennie. “The state had no problem in saying that Lennie, even though he could work, earn a living, plan his trying to hide the death of the rabbit he killed, that he could do all of those things, and yet he was not just mildly, but severely disabled,” she said.
The opinions rendered Tuesday did not mention Lennie.
In his dissent, Chief Justice Roberts said the majority had not adequately considered “the practices among the states.”
“The court instead crafts a constitutional holding based solely on what it deems to be medical consensus about intellectual disability,” the chief justice wrote. “But clinicians, not judges, should determine clinical standards; and judges, not clinicians, should determine the content of the Eighth Amendment.”
Justices Clarence Thomas and Samuel A. Alito Jr. joined the chief justice’s dissent.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Under extreme pressure from conservative activists, House Republican leaders and the White House have restarted negotiations on legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act.
But efforts to revive the legislation in the House could take weeks, lawmakers conceded, as Congress moves forward with a full plate of other time-consuming issues. And the renewed push did not meet with much enthusiasm from Senate Republicans, who said they had other priorities at the moment.
Nonetheless, Speaker Paul D. Ryan vowed to renew efforts to repeal the law, despite last week’s crushing setback when House Republicans tossed aside a repeal bill because they lacked the votes to pass it.
Just days after President Trump said he was moving on to other issues, senior administration officials said they still hoped to score the kind of big legislative victory that has so far eluded the White House. Vice President Mike Pence was dispatched to Capitol Hill on Tuesday for lunchtime talks.
“We’re not going to retrench into our corners or put up dividing lines,” Mr. Ryan said after a meeting of House Republicans was dominated by talk of how to restart health negotiations. “There’s too much at stake to get bogged down in all that,” he added.
Democrats had celebrated what they thought was the demise of the repeal bill on Friday. But the House Republican whip, Steve Scalise of Louisiana, said on Tuesday, “Their celebration is premature.”
“I think we’re closer today to repealing Obamacare than we’ve ever been before, and surely even closer than we were Friday,” Mr. Scalise said.
It is not clear what political dynamics might have changed since Friday, when a coalition of hard-line conservatives and more moderate Republicans torpedoed legislation to repeal President Barack Obama’s signature domestic achievement.
“I don’t know what has changed,’’ said Representative Jim McGovern, Democrat of Massachusetts. “The bill went down because it was too bad for Republican moderates and not bad enough for their conservatives. I don’t know how they reconcile the divides within their own conference, never mind find any Democratic votes.”
The Republicans’ repeal bill, according to the Congressional Budget Office, would have left an additional 24 million Americans without insurance by 2026, a major worry for moderate Republicans. It would also have left in place regulations on the health insurance industry that are anathema to conservatives.
Mr. Ryan declined to say what might be in the next version of the Republicans’ repeal bill, nor would he sketch any schedule for action. But he said Congress needed to act because insurers were developing premiums and benefit packages for health plans to offer in 2018, with review by federal and state officials beginning soon.
The new talks, which quietly began this week, involve Stephen K. Bannon, the president’s chief strategist, and members of two Republican factions that helped sink the bill last week, the hard-right Freedom Caucus and the more centrist Tuesday Group.
Any deal would have to overcome significant differences about how to rework a law that affects about one-fifth of the American economy. Those differences were so sharp that they led Mr. Trump and Mr. Ryan to pull the bill just before the House was to vote on it.
Still, Republican members of Congress said they were hopeful.
“I think everyone wants to get to yes and support President Trump,” said Representative Dave Brat of Virginia, a Freedom Caucus member. “There is a package in there that is a win-win.”
Representative Raúl R. Labrador of Idaho, also a Freedom Caucus member, said he hoped the discussions would yield a compromise after a divisive debate that revealed deep fissures within the party. “I think we will have a better, stronger product that will unify the conference,” Mr. Labrador said.
Mr. Trump has sent mixed signals in recent days, at times blaming the Freedom Caucus, outside groups and even, it appeared, Mr. Ryan for the health bill’s failure. On Monday, for instance, he said in a late-night Twitter post that the Freedom Caucus was able to “snatch defeat from the jaws of victory.”
But then Mr. Trump suggested that he could also cut a deal with Democrats, a move that would almost certainly make more conservative members of the House balk. “Do not worry,” he said on Twitter, “we are in very good shape!”
At a White House reception for senators on Tuesday night, Mr. Trump called for Republicans and Democrats to work together as he predicted that “we are all going to make a deal on health care.”
“That’s such an easy one,” Mr. Trump said. “I have no doubt that that’s going to happen very quickly.”
Lawmakers who attended the meeting of House Republicans on Tuesday said it was a lively exchange at which members of the Freedom Caucus were put on the defensive.
“There were a lot of unhappy people who got to vent, got to share their frustration,” said Representative Randy Weber of Texas, a member of the Freedom Caucus. “People said the Freedom Caucus owes us an explanation.”
In the Senate, the majority leader, Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, an inveterate foe of the 2010 health care law, said, “Where we are on Obamacare, regretfully, at the moment is where the Democrats wanted us to be, which is with the status quo.”
Democrats “ought to be pretty happy about that, because we have the existing law in place, and I think we’re just going to have to see how that works out,” Mr. McConnell said. “We believe it will not work out well, but we’ll see.”
Senator John Thune of South Dakota, the No. 3 Senate Republican, said he believed the House would take up another repeal bill. “It’s not a question of if, it’s a question of when,’’ he said.
Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, said: “Obamacare is imploding in my state. Something has to be done.” Asked if he could vote for a bill that did not include a full repeal of the Affordable Care Act, Mr. McCain said, “I would be willing to examine all options to protect the citizens of my state.”
Mr. Ryan said he hoped to foster a consensus through conversations like the one House Republicans had on Tuesday. “I don’t want us to become a factionalized majority,” he said. “I want us to become a unified majority, and that means we’re going to sit down and talk things out until we get there, and that’s exactly what we’re doing.”
Seizing a possible opportunity, the House Democratic leader, Nancy Pelosi of California, asked members of her caucus to suggest ways of improving the Affordable Care Act.
Blocking the repeal bill was a “thrilling success,” she said in a letter to House Democrats. She asked them to suggest ways to “improve and update” the law, which she pushed through the House in 2010 without any Republican votes.
Suggestions, she said, could be used in discussions with other members of Congress and “perhaps even with the president.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump’s failure to push through the broad health care overhaul he promised has raised questions about the prospects of a sweeping rewrite of the tax code. It is a politically fraught and dizzyingly complex endeavor that pits powerful interests against one another and threatens to increase the federal deficit.
“Trump has to win on this,” said Stephen Moore, a distinguished visiting fellow at the Heritage Foundation who advised Mr. Trump on tax policy during his campaign and transition. “There’s no margin for error here, and failure is just not an option.”
Just how difficult will it be? Here are five obstacles to getting a new tax law:
The greatest hurdle to a tax overhaul may be the White House itself. Mr. Trump has yet to make basic decisions about the structure and scope of his plan, the strategy for pushing it through Congress or even who in his administration will be in charge of crafting and selling it. While White House officials said they would unveil a plan weeks ago, one has not materialized.
“Obviously, we’re driving the train on this,” Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, told reporters on Monday as he deflected basic questions about what the president’s proposal would look like. That is hardly obvious to many members of Congress, administration insiders and outside observers who now question whether Mr. Trump and his close advisers are capable of executing on such an ambitious and high-stakes negotiation.
Steven T. Mnuchin, the Treasury secretary, will most likely play a major role in devising a tax package. He said last week that the administration would soon release a plan. He also predicted that the tax effort would be easier than health care, a notion that many longtime congressional aides consider laughable. With many central jobs still unfilled at the Treasury Department, Mr. Mnuchin does not yet have the number-crunching and policy-analyzing firepower he needs to lead a major tax overhaul effort.
Then there is Gary Cohn, the director of Mr. Trump’s National Economic Council, who has told people that he is leading the president’s tax overhaul effort. Mr. Cohn, a former Goldman Sachs executive, has expressed interest in using revenue raised by a special tax on American companies’ offshore earnings to finance a major infrastructure rebuilding effort, an approach that could have some appeal among Democrats eager to see new spending on roads and bridges.
Many Republicans in Congress — up until recently including Mr. Trump’s own budget director, Mick Mulvaney — are deficit hawks. Their deeply held conviction is that any tax overhaul should not add to the national debt. The president, who as a businessman proudly called himself the “king of debt,” has accepted no such constraints. During his presidential campaign, he proposed a tax cut plan that would add an estimated $7.2 trillion to the $20 trillion national debt over a decade.
Yet House Speaker Paul D. Ryan and Representative Kevin Brady, Republican of Texas and the chairman of the tax-writing Ways and Means Committee, are among those who have held firm to the idea of a tax overhaul that does not increase the debt.
“I’m optimistic that Republicans still very much care about balancing the federal budget,” Mr. Brady said. “And in truth, this doesn’t have to be a choice.”
But choices will have to be made.
One choice dividing Republicans is whether to include a large import tax, also known as a “border adjustment tax” in the package. Mr. Ryan and Mr. Brady have been aggressively pushing the inclusion of a 20 percent tax on imports that they think would raise as much as $1 trillion to offset cuts in individual and business tax rates.
Such a proposal appeals to Mr. Trump’s instinct for toughness at the border, promoting American-made products and igniting the creation of new manufacturing jobs. While he has sent mixed signals about whether he supports including it in a tax overhaul, the president told The New York Times this month that he did. “I’m the king of that,” he said.
But the proposal has already created a sharp split within the business community. Retail giants like Walmart are bitterly opposed and willing to wage a costly advertising war against a plan they argue will increase the price of their products and end up raising prices for American consumers. Industrial companies that are heavily dependent on exports support the idea.
It is a cliché in Washington to say that tax reform creates winners and losers. But it is true, and that is one of the most formidable obstacles that has frustrated previous efforts at enacting broad changes to the tax code.
The tax code is riddled with special-interest provisions and deductions enacted over many decades. Reorienting is bound to give advantages to certain groups and impose disadvantages on others.
Popular tax breaks for individuals such as deductions for mortgage interest, charitable giving, and state and local taxes account for huge amounts of revenue. They would probably have to be curbed or eliminated in order to compensate for bringing down tax rates. Both Mr. Trump and Mr. Brady have proposed doing so.
The real estate industry, charitable groups, municipal bond traders, and state and local governments are just a few of the constituencies that are likely to revolt at the first hint of such changes. And they could be expected to spend freely to defeat them.
The arcane procedural rules of Congress — the same ones that contributed to the demise of the health care repeal bill — will complicate the process of pushing through a tax overhaul. The White House and congressional Republicans would need to decide whether to use a process known as budget reconciliation to speed changes through Congress on a simple majority vote or allow the legislation to proceed under normal rules. Go with the normal rules and they would need 60 votes in the Senate — including some Democratic support — to pass it.
Because of the strictures of the reconciliation process, the plan would not be allowed to add to deficits outside of a 10-year budget window. That is why President George W. Bush had to include a sunset provision in his tax cuts of 2001 and 2003.
But businesses that crave long-term certainty are not likely to favor such an impermanent approach. And on Monday, Mr. Brady said he had no intention of producing such a plan.
“If we’re serious about leapfrogging America back to the lead of the pack, if we’re serious about creating jobs and jump-starting this economy, a 10-year bill will not accomplish either of those,” Mr. Brady said. “The most pro-growth tax reform is a permanent tax reform.”
That is a lot that could go wrong. Notice we have not even mentioned Democratic opposition.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — As they come to terms with their humiliating failure to undo the Affordable Care Act, Republicans eyeing next year’s congressional campaign are grappling with a new dilemma: Do they risk depressing their conservative base by abandoning the repeal effort or anger a broader set of voters by reviving a deeply unpopular bill even closer to the midterm elections?
The question is particularly acute in the House, where the Republican majority could be at risk in 2018 if the party’s voters are demoralized, and Democratic activists, energized by the chance to send a message to President Trump, stream to the polls.
Sifting through the wreckage of a disastrous week, Republican strategists and elected officials were divided over the best way forward. Some House Republicans pressed to move on to other issues and notch some victories that could delight their own loyalists while not turning off swing voters.
“We’ve got a lot of time to do real things on infrastructure, to do real things on tax reform, on red tape reform, and really get the American economy moving,” said Representative Steve Stivers of Ohio, chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee, the House campaign arm. “We do those things and we still have a lot of time to recover.”
“If you’re going to fumble the ball,” he added, “better to do so in the first quarter of a football game.”
Devising health care legislation that could appeal to both wings of the House Republican Conference — the hard-line conservatives and more moderate members — would require a nearly superhuman feat, added Representative Billy Long, Republican of Missouri.
“Not unless Harry Houdini wins a special election to help us,” Mr. Long said about the prospects of cobbling together a coalition that could agree on how to repeal and replace the health care law.
But other longtime Republicans warned that if the party did not address what they have derided as Obamacare, an issue that has been central to their campaigns for the last seven years, they would incur a heavy political price in the midterm elections.
Midterm campaigns have increasingly become akin to parliamentary elections — referendums on the party in power rather than on individual candidates, where turnout by dependable partisan voters is the deciding factor.
“If they fall on their sword on this, they’re going to get slaughtered,” said former Representative Thomas M. Davis III, a Virginia Republican who himself was once at the helm of the House campaign committee.
“Where parties get hurt in midterms is when their base collapses,” Mr. Davis said. “Democrats are going to show up regardless of what you do. If our voters don’t see us fulfilling what we said we were going to do, they’ll get dispirited.”
What troubles many Republican strategists is the specter of the party’s most reliable voters being bombarded by reminders of their leaders’ failure to address the health law. They fear a recurring story line sure to pop up every time insurance premiums increase, providers leave local networks, or, most worrisome, Republicans fund President Barack Obama’s signature achievement.
Conservatives, many of whom opposed the House repeal bill, now warn that it is untenable to stand pat on the issue — and that lawmakers will face retribution if they do not return to the repeal-and-replace effort.
“If people are looking at a situation where there’s no action on this, there are going to be conversations about primaries,” warned Michael A. Needham, the chief executive of Heritage Action for America, the Heritage Foundation’s political arm, which worked to scuttle the Republican health bill last week.
That Republicans even find themselves in such a quandary just over two months after Mr. Trump was sworn in is at once extraordinary and not altogether surprising. Republicans who were then in office opposed the Affordable Care Act when it was enacted in 2010, yet they were paralyzed in efforts to undo it.
The paradox is predictable for a party that has been at war with itself since the final years of President George W. Bush’s administration. Mr. Trump transcended those divisions last year in his campaign, but congressional Republicans remain riven between their hard-liners and mainstream conservatives.
Perhaps it was inevitable that these factions would clash over an issue as sensitive as remaking the American health care system. The purists — often from politically safe districts — believe the government should play almost no role in providing health insurance to its citizens. Placating them without endangering more pragmatic lawmakers worried about depriving constituents of their health coverage may be an impossible task.
“I think we need to start negotiating with Democrats instead of the Freedom Caucus,” said a frustrated Mr. Stivers, referring to the most conservative bloc of House Republicans. “They don’t know how to get to yes.”
Democrats, though, have no appetite for conciliation: They see the Republican disarray over health care, and the broader tensions on display in the clash over the health care law, as a path back to the House majority.
Seizing on the Republicans’ American Health Care Act, which according to a Quinnipiac University survey last week was supported by only 17 percent of Americans, Democrats have started digital advertising against the 14 potentially vulnerable House Republicans who supported the legislation in committee votes.
Some of these lawmakers represent districts that Hillary Clinton carried last year. They are as concerned about the consequences of casting a vote for the bill as they are about inviting a backlash from their bases for not addressing the issue at all.
Indeed, though much of the frustration from mainline Republicans has been directed at the Freedom Caucus, Republican lawmakers from pro-Clinton districts played just as big a role in torpedoing the American Health Care Act.
“I don’t want to vote for a bill that has no chance of passing the Senate,” explained Representative Leonard Lance of New Jersey, one such lawmaker who invoked the haunting tradition of House members’ casting risky and, in some cases, career-ending votes, only to see their Senate colleagues sit on the proposals.
Mr. Lance, whose district Mrs. Clinton carried, and other Republicans insisted after the bill’s collapse last week that they still wanted to wrestle with the Affordable Care Act in this Congress.
But former Representative Earl Pomeroy of North Dakota, a Democrat who lost his seat in 2010 in part because of his vote for the Affordable Care Act, said he thought Republicans like Mr. Lance were actually “breathing a sigh of relief” for averting a floor vote.
“It’s a very, very tough vote for somebody in a competitive race,” Mr. Pomeroy said. “They may alienate their base by voting against it, but if they support a bill resulting in people losing their coverage, there will be electoral hell to pay.”



ARTICLE
As President Trump prepares to unveil an executive order to dismantle President Barack Obama’s climate change policies, Washington’s policy-making posts are filling with officials who have a record of openly denying the established science of human-caused climate change.
Climate denial starts at the top:
Mr. Trump, the ultimate decider, has demonstrated a cavalier approach to the peer-reviewed atmospheric data that makes up the core of climate science. He has called Mr. Obama’s climate change regulations “stupid.” But in other forums, he has denied making some of those statements and shifted his position.
What he has said:
He said of climate change at a 2015 rally in South Carolina: “A lot of it’s a hoax. It’s a hoax.”
But in an interview with The New York Times shortly after the election, he seemed to moderate: “I have an open mind to it.”
Mr. Pence, the president’s influential No. 2, has appeared to question climate science, although his aim was less to question the existence of climate change as to stand up for the coal-fired power plants that provide his home state, Indiana, with most of its electricity.
What he has said:
In an interview with CNN in September, Mr. Pence, like his boss, modulated that view.
Mr. Trump’s influential senior strategist is the former chief executive at Breitbart News, which regularly publishes articles with headlines like “Global Temperatures Plunge. Icy Silence From Climate Alarmists” and “Climate Change: The Greatest-Ever Conspiracy Against the Taxpayer.” Mr. Bannon is said to be pushing Mr. Trump to withdraw the United States from the 2015 Paris agreement, which committed nearly every country to take action on carbon dioxide pollution.
What he has said:
The administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency will lead the complex legal efforts to dismantle the Obama-era E.P.A. climate change regulations.
What he has said:
Mr. Kreutzer, a top E.P.A. aide to Mr. Pruitt, spent years at the conservative Heritage Foundation, where he was a vociferous critic of climate science. Mr. Kreutzer is pressing a hard-line stance against climate policies, such as legally challenging court-ordered regulation of carbon dioxide pollution.
What he has said:
On a panel in January about carbon dioxide emissions, fellow panelists suggested that increased carbon dioxide emissions could be beneficial to the planet. The crowd’s laughter prompted Mr. Kreutzer to snap, “You’re laughing because you’re ignorant.”
The author of a 2012 book, “The Greatest Hoax: How the Global Warming Conspiracy Threatens Your Future,” and a senior member of the Senate committees on the environment and armed services, Senator Inhofe is a crucial voice in the debate over climate change. Mr. Trump and Mr. Pruitt have mined Mr. Inhofe’s former staff members to serve as energy and environment policy advisers.
What he has said:
Mr. Smith, chairman of the House science committee, has subpoenaed scientists and questioned their work on many topics, but particularly on human-caused climate change.
What he has said:
Mr. Perry, now the secretary of energy, drew attention during his tenure as the governor of Texas and as a presidential candidate in 2012 and 2016 for mocking climate science. But during his Senate confirmation hearing to head an agency that oversees much of the government-funded research into climate change, Mr. Perry reversed those views.
What he has said:
But at his confirmation hearing in January, Mr. Perry reversed that view:



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The Trump administration, signaling its intent to toughen enforcement of immigration laws across the country, threatened on Monday to withhold or revoke law enforcement funding from states, cities and localities that block the police or sheriffs from telling federal authorities about undocumented immigrants in their custody.
In an announcement at the White House, Attorney General Jeff Sessions said state and local governments seeking certain law enforcement grants would have to certify that they were complying with a law that bars any official from withholding information from the Department of Homeland Security about a person’s immigration status. Those that are violating the policy could see such grants clawed back, he said.
Mr. Sessions’s appearance was an effort to threaten painful consequences for so-called sanctuary cities, those that decline to cooperate with the federal government in efforts to track and deport undocumented immigrants.
“I strongly urge our nation’s states and cities and counties to consider carefully the harm they are doing to their citizens by refusing to enforce our immigration laws and to rethink these policies,” Mr. Sessions said. “Such policies make their cities and states less safe — public safety as well as national security are at stake — and put them at risk of losing federal dollars.”
Mr. Sessions suggested the policy would apply to a total of $4.1 billion this year in various grants administered by the department.
Still, Mr. Sessions did not announce any new policy on Monday. His announcement appeared to be essentially a reiteration or reminder of the status quo. Last July, the Department of Justice under the Obama administration announced a policy of conditioning federal grants on compliance with a 1996 federal statute. The statute forbids imposing restrictions on the ability of the local police or sheriffs to exchange information with federal immigration authorities about the citizenship or immigration status of prisoners in their custody.
While the law does not require local law enforcement officials to turn over that information, it is aimed at discouraging efforts by cities or states to block such talks. The Obama-era announcement said it would give cities that were not in compliance with the law a reasonable period to adjust their policies, and it is not clear whether any grants have yet been blocked as a result.
July’s policy change came after a May report by the Justice Department’s Office of Inspector General that looked at the 1996 statute through the lens of local ordinances and rules in 10 major cities, finding that many limited the information local authorities could provide to federal immigration agents.
For example, the report cites a 2014 law in New York City that restricts the corrections department from telling Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials about an inmate’s release date, incarceration status or coming court dates unless the inmate was the subject of a detainer request supported by a judicial warrant. As a result, the report said, ICE closed its office on Rikers Island.
New York received about $53 million — a tiny fraction of its budget — from the Justice Department in the most recent fiscal year, according to City Hall officials. Much of that funding goes to the police and corrections departments for the police crime lab; ballistic helmets and vests for officers; crime prevention programs; drug and gang task forces; and the like.
Mayor Bill de Blasio said in a statement that the “latest threat” from the Trump administration “changes nothing” in New York. “Any attempt to cut N.Y.P.D. funding for the nation’s top terror target will be aggressively fought in court,” he said.
While Mr. Sessions acknowledged on Monday that what he was discussing was essentially a continuation of the Obama-era policy, he suggested that it could be a first step to imposing more stringent requirements on federal money in the future.
“We believe that grants in the future could be issued that have additional requirements, as every grant that’s being issued in America today usually has requirements that if you qualify for this grant, you have to meet certain requirements,” he said. “So we’ll be looking at that in the future, and we’ll continue to pursue it.”
Immigrant advocacy groups, civil rights organizations and Democrats sharply denounced Mr. Trump’s latest effort to highlight his tough stance. Tom Perez, the chairman of the Democratic National Committee, called the announcement an effort to “bully” immigrant families.
“It’s simply outrageous that the Trump administration and their ICE agents are putting politics and scapegoating of immigrants ahead of public safety and the ability of local communities to decide how best to keep their communities safe,” said Frank Sharry, the executive director of America’s Voice Education Fund.
Eric T. Schneiderman, the New York attorney general, called Mr. Trump’s approach “draconian.”
“Despite what Attorney General Sessions implied this afternoon, state and local governments and law enforcement have broad authority under the Constitution to not participate in federal immigration enforcement,” he said.
The Trump administration has repeatedly signaled its intention to carry out an immigration crackdown. One of Mr. Trump’s first actions when he became president was signing an executive order that included an attempt to lay the groundwork for building a wall along the Mexican border and to encourage more agreements delegating to state and local law enforcement agencies the ability to enforce federal immigration laws.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The new Republican government is in deep trouble.
President Trump and his majorities in the House and Senate had hoped to head out for their spring break celebrating the chest-thumping accomplishments of finally gutting President Barack Obama’s health care law and installing a conservative Supreme Court justice. They were determined to show the American public: We got this.
Instead, the health care legislation unraveled in mortifying fashion, leaving Republicans unable to follow through on their central argument for being put in power. They will probably get their Supreme Court justice. But the confirmation of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch is likely to require a partisan maneuver that will inflame the already tense Senate and make it even harder to accomplish anything legislatively on Capitol Hill. And this is before Republicans get to the always formidable jobs of funding the government and raising the debt limit — both tasks they have been loath to take on in the past.
“Right now they look like the gang that couldn’t shoot straight,” said John Feehery, a Republican strategic adviser and former top congressional aide.
The failure of the health care bill exposed inherent Republican weaknesses. As a party, they haven’t passed substantive legislation on their own since 2005 and the lack of experience was glaring. The leaders in the House and the Trump administration didn’t seem to have a grasp of the vital coalition building both internally and externally that would typically be an integral part of advancing such significant legislation.
Most Republicans in Congress have never had to vote for contentious party-line bills that were going to become law. They have run Capitol Hill through a combination of outraged talking points, politically charged investigations and faux legislation meant to score points rather than go in the statute books. They made minimal concessions to Democrats only when necessary to keep the government open. And sometimes they didn’t even do that. Their basic philosophy could be reduced to one word: “No.”
“We were a 10-year opposition party, where being against things was easy to do,” Speaker Paul D. Ryan conceded last week. “You just had to be against it. And now in three months’ time we tried to go to a governing party where we actually had to get 216 people to agree with each other on how we do things, and we weren’t just quite there.”
Mr. Ryan said he would refuse to “sugarcoat” what he labeled a disappointing outcome. But calling the result disappointing was sugarcoating it. It was an utter debacle that threatens major consequences.
The legislative belly flop so early in a new president’s term — reflected in sinking poll numbers — raises questions about what Republicans can hope to accomplish, particularly in a poisonous political environment with accusations swirling about entanglements with a foreign government. The health care fiasco has also set off a round of finger-pointing that will slow any recovery from the setback.
What happened with the health care legislation is likely to intensify the Gorsuch confirmation fight, for both sides. Democrats, ecstatic about the collapse of the repeal effort, feel emboldened and will now press their opposition to Judge Gorsuch, with more lawmakers already publicly declaring that they will support a filibuster of the nominee. Senator Patrick J. Leahy, the Vermont Democrat and a longtime chairman of the Judiciary Committee with a reverence for the process, was an exception, telling the political news site VTDigger that he was not “inclined” to back a filibuster.
Republicans, needing a victory, may now feel they have no choice but to change Senate practices to overturn a filibuster of Judge Gorsuch on a simple majority vote if Democrats resist. Top Republicans have gone from saying they hoped they would not have to employ the so-called nuclear option to anticipating they will probably have to do so. And the court fight will take center stage since the health care legislation that was supposed to occupy the Senate this week is dead for now.
The idea that Republicans can quickly regroup and move on to a winning tax overhaul is also perplexing. Enacting major tax changes of the sort the party is envisioning is extremely difficult. There is a reason the last major rewrite of the tax code took place in 1986, when Mr. Ryan was still in high school. At the moment, Republicans are planning to forge ahead without Democratic votes, using the same party-line, filibuster-dodging procedure that helped doom their rewrite of the health law. And an infrastructure bill that would seem to be able to draw bipartisan support remains a low priority for many Republican leaders.
Top Republicans have quietly begun lowering expectations. They say they will be able to claim success if they can get Judge Gorsuch on the court, fill scores of other federal court vacancies with lifetime appointments of conservative jurists, install more like-minded thinkers in top executive branch jobs and continue to use the Congressional Review Act to roll back federal regulations. But that is hardly the fundamental reshaping of American government they had envisioned through their control of the White House and Capitol Hill.
Some say the beginning of the Trump administration is starting to remind them of the first year of the tenure of another president who came to Washington flaunting outsider credentials: Bill Clinton. In 1993, the president was nagged by personal financial questions, got in trouble for clumsy management of the White House, backtracked on big campaign promises and suffered major legislative defeats.
It was a learning process that caused the president and his team to adjust their style and goals. The record had other consequences as well: Democrats lost control of the House for the first time in four decades.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — In Florida, they know John Morgan from his law firm’s colorful personal injury ads and 1-800-number billboards.
In New Orleans, Sidney Torres IV became a local celebrity after parlaying his real estate fortune and flashy lifestyle into crime-fighting and a reality TV career.
And in Nevada, Stephen J. Cloobeck, the gregarious founder and former chief executive of Diamond Resorts, vaulted into popular culture on the TV show “Undercover Boss.”
What do they have in common? Like the man who became president of the United States, all three are finding that wealth and fame can go only so far in fulfilling overwhelming personal ambition. Chasing the greater riches of power and prestige, each is considering a campaign for high office.
Politics may have once struck the ultrarich as a ponderous, ladder-climbing pursuit for stiffly programmed former class presidents, but President Trump has demonstrated that it can at least be tried on one’s own terms. If nothing else, the newest occupant of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue is proof positive that money, fame and an outsider’s profile can matter more than experience, basic legislative expertise and the other traditional qualifications thought to represent barriers to entry.
“A lot of people are saying, ‘My God, if Donald Trump can get elected, anybody can get elected,’ ” said Steve Westly, a former eBay executive who ran for governor of California in 2006.
Spurred by Mr. Trump’s election — or at least encouraged by it — a contingent of rich, fairly famous and largely Democratic neophytes has begun to line up for some of the most important elections of 2017 and 2018, including for governorships in Alabama, Florida, Illinois, Maine, Nevada and New Mexico, and a mayoral race in New Orleans.
Similar messages may also be heard in the coming months in New Jersey, where the comedian and former “Saturday Night Live” star Joe Piscopo is weighing a run for governor this year, and in Maine, where Adam Lee, who runs the largest car dealership in the state and is a familiar face thanks to television advertising, is mulling a 2018 bid for governor.
Mr. Trump did not invent the practice of running for office as a rich, or celebrated, amateur. Both parties have fielded such aspirants over the years. Republicans had notable success with figures like Ronald Reagan and Arnold Schwarzenegger.
But Mr. Trump, many strategists believe, has opened a wider path for wealthy candidates who resemble localized versions of, well, Mr. Trump: unapologetic self-promoters who relish publicity and have no inhibitions about flaunting their wealth.
And adapting the “any press is good press” Trump axiom, some of them talk freely about their aspirations, answering personal emails or speaking at length on their cellphones while eschewing the protective shield of public relations consultants that surrounds conventional politicians and is often quickly erected around first-time candidates.
“I gave away $6.8 million last year, and my taxes are paid current,” said Mr. Cloobeck, 55, a major Democratic Party donor, taking a swipe at Mr. Trump’s reportedly parsimonious philanthropy and his mysterious tax returns. “That’s two things that are different between Trump and myself.”
Taking a page from President Trump’s playbook, the rich, famous and newly political boast of their enormous private sector success and vast fortunes while venting fury at “career politicians.” Mr. Cloobeck attacked his state’s political establishment with a broad, Trump-like brush: “Right now in Nevada, the entire state’s in disarray.”
They may only selectively embrace the comparison, but Mr. Trump’s precedent-shattering win has served as an accelerant for the dreams of wealthy political novices across the country, a group now asking themselves the same question posed to the mirror by so many ambitious officeholders contemplating reaching for another rung up: Why not me?
Armed with an immense fortune and an easy, boastful manner, Mr. Cloobeck, whose former company promotes resort timeshares with the credo “Vacations for Life,” said he was still deciding whether to run to be Nevada’s governor in 2018. He is already testing out his anti-establishment message, slinging criticism like Mr. Trump at both parties.
Mr. Torres offers a similar indictment of New Orleans, which is suffering through a spike in murders.
“If we get the same-old, same-old politicians to take a same-old, same-old approach, I just don’t see how that benefits the people of New Orleans,” he said.
The 41-year-old star of a new CNBC real estate show, “The Deed,” Mr. Torres has made a name for himself locally by creating a crime app and a private security force for the French Quarter. Beginning an interview with a boast about his standing in the polls, he said he would spend $4 million of his own money if he runs for mayor this year and offered a Trump-like vow: “I’m not going to do things that are politically correct. I’m going to do things that are right.”
Much the way Mr. Trump dismissed questions about his checkered private life, Mr. Torres, who sports a man bun, predicted few voters would care about his having had a child out of wedlock with a model or recoil at an Instagram account that is heavier on images of his Gulfstream jet than of gumbo. In fact, Mr. Torres readily volunteers that he was asked to relocate his private jet when Mr. Trump used a local hangar for a rally last year.
“I believe everybody should have the opportunity to have nice things,” he said.
Jeff Apodaca, a former Univision executive who is likely to run for governor of New Mexico, is a comparatively buttoned-up figure. Even though his father was governor in the 1970s, Mr. Apodaca said the state’s political class had failed the state’s economy. Asked if he meant Democrats as well as Republicans, Mr. Apodaca repeated the broad-brush criticism.
“They’re more worried about their political careers than the people of New Mexico,” he said.
Mr. Apodaca said he would have explored a campaign regardless of the outcome in the presidential race. But he said he believed the Democratic Party establishment had been more open to him as a candidate because of Mr. Trump’s insurgent campaign.
“I think the establishment, the people who are now encouraging me, they might have come on board a little more since Trump has won,” Mr. Apodaca said. “We have to do something different in New Mexico.”
Mr. Morgan, whose Morgan & Morgan advertising is ubiquitous across Florida, said Mr. Trump had exposed the power of a populist message and the comparative ineffectiveness of traditional political methods, like television advertising.
A champion of drug decriminalization with a penchant for unfiltered Twitter posts and artful profanity, Mr. Morgan, 60, said he was considering a run for governor in 2018 on a virtually single-issue platform of raising the minimum wage to $14 or $15 per hour, from $8.10. He said he would pledge to serve one term only and then go home.
Unburdened by the typical politician’s sense of restraint, Mr. Morgan, having just returned from a winter sojourn on the Caribbean playground for the rich, St. Barts, offered a rapid-fire preview of his campaign in a series of emails. He said Mr. Trump had done “enlightening” things in his race, described his own public profile as “huge” and repeated the pledge to serve just one term.
“Most politicians are so insincere and phony you can’t watch it,” Mr. Morgan wrote. “And most never made a payroll and don’t really understand.”
Similar messages may also be heard in the coming months in Maine, where Mr. Lee, who runs the largest car dealership in the state and is also a familiar face thanks to television advertising, is mulling a bid for governor.
Other political newcomers with identities outside the political realm are also considering governor’s races, including J. B. Pritzker, heir to the Hyatt hotel fortune, in Illinois, and Tommy Tuberville, a former Auburn University football coach, in Alabama.
It is difficult to forecast how relatively untested outsiders will fare in difficult elections, and few wealthy newcomers turn out to be political prodigies like Mr. Trump. But national Democrats have largely welcomed the emergence of deep-pocketed, well-branded candidates: Party strategists see Mr. Pritzker and Mr. Apodaca as among the most promising contenders in their states, and view Mr. Morgan and Mr. Cloobeck as formidable, albeit more unpredictable, contenders for their party’s nomination.
Mr. Morgan, Mr. Cloobeck and Mr. Apodaca all said they would expect to spend substantial sums of their own money on any campaign, and also to raise a good deal more than that through their extensive personal and business connections.
Yet the presence of Mr. Trump in the White House is not just leading some unlikely figures to envision themselves in governor’s mansions or city halls — it is also offering food for thought to a group of business executives and celebrities who may harbor their own White House fantasies.
This group includes the Starbucks chief executive Howard Schultz, who has sought to raise his profile and has a cadre of people around him with experience in politics and journalism. Aides to Mr. Schultz are trying to schedule a meeting between him and Michael R. Bloomberg, the former New York mayor who pioneered an earlier, more costly and tightly controlled model for moguls to jump into politics.
Mark Cuban, the Dallas Mavericks owner and gleeful Trump troll, gladly engaged on his own political ambitions via email, even praising Mr. Trump for recognizing that the nature of communications in campaigns had changed. (Though when asked directly if he was thinking of running for president, Mr. Cuban sounded more like a politician: “Nice try,” he wrote, adding a smiley face.)
Mr. Trump did not invent the practice of running for office as a rich amateur. Both parties have fielded wealthy newcomers over the years. Republicans of late have had somewhat more success electing business executives to high office, including Gov. Bruce Rauner of Illinois, Gov. Rick Scott of Florida and Senator David Perdue of Georgia.
But Mr. Trump may have established a precedent for wealthy candidates with quirky, even controversial résumés.
Tad Devine, a Democratic consultant who advised Senator Bernie Sanders in 2016 during his presidential campaign, said Mr. Trump had “lowered the threshold for running for president” and opened a way for other self-funded candidates up and down the ballot.
“A lot of people, particularly wealthy individuals, are going to think: If he did it, why can’t I?” Mr. Devine said, citing potential celebrity candidates in 2020 like George Clooney and Oprah Winfrey.
Yet Ace Smith, a veteran California Democratic strategist who has witnessed many a wealthy, first-time candidate lose in his state, cautions that those contemplating a run should keep in mind that Mr. Trump was unique.
“He was a seasoned veteran of the back-and-forth of politics, he knew how to get covered on TV, and he knew how social media now flows into traditional media,” Mr. Smith said.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Top House Democrats on Monday called on the Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee to recuse himself from the panel’s investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election, thrusting the entire inquiry into jeopardy amid what they described as mounting evidence he was too close to President Trump to be impartial.
The demands followed revelations that the committee’s chairman, Representative Devin Nunes of California, had met on White House grounds with a source who showed him secret American intelligence reports. The reports, Mr. Nunes said last week, showed that Mr. Trump or his closest associates may have been “incidentally” swept up in foreign surveillance by American spy agencies.
The new revelation that the information actually came from a meeting held on the grounds of the White House intensified questions about what prompted Mr. Nunes to make the claim about the intelligence gathering, and who gave him the information.
Representatives Adam B. Schiff of California, the committee’s top Democrat, and Nancy Pelosi of California, the House Democratic leader, suggested that Mr. Nunes, who served on the Trump transition team, was simply too close to the White House to run an independent, thorough inquiry.
“The public cannot have the necessary confidence that matters involving the president’s campaign or transition team can be objectively investigated or overseen by the chairman,” Mr. Schiff said on Monday night.
Still, Mr. Schiff stopped short of pulling the panel’s Democrats out of the investigation. Doing so could jeopardize Democrats’ influence over the inquiry and, importantly, their access to intelligence on possible ties between Trump associates and Moscow.
The House Intelligence Committee is running one of the three investigations into Russian interference in the election, and possible ties between Trump associates and Russia. The Senate Intelligence Committee is running its own inquiry, and the F.B.I. has carried out a broad counterintelligence investigation since July.
By most accounts, the Senate and F.B.I. investigations remain on track, unlike the House inquiry, which appears to have increasingly descended into a sideshow since its first public hearing a week ago. That was when James B. Comey, the director of the F.B.I., publicly disclosed the bureau’s investigation for the first time. Days later, Mr. Nunes made his first disclosure about Mr. Trump or his associates being caught in American intelligence gathering, prompting critics to argue that he was trying to shift attention and provide an assist to the White House at a crucial moment.
The revelation that Mr. Nunes had viewed intelligence materials on White House grounds the day before bolstering the administration’s case fueled damaging speculation that he was acting at the instruction of the president. That could prove fatal to the bipartisan investigation, which has hinged on the ability of Mr. Nunes to conduct a neutral inquiry while maintaining the trust and cooperation of Mr. Schiff.
Ms. Pelosi echoed Mr. Schiff’s call for Mr. Nunes to recuse himself, saying his behavior had “tarnished” his post and urging Speaker Paul D. Ryan to speak out.
“Speaker Ryan must insist that Chairman Nunes at least recuse himself from the Trump-Russia investigation immediately,” she said in a statement. “That leadership is long overdue.”
In an apparent attempt to change the subject, Mr. Trump on Monday night questioned why the House Intelligence Committee is not looking into connections between Hillary Clinton and Russian officials.
A few minutes later, he posted a second message on Twitter, concluding, “Trump Russia story is a hoax.”
The spokesman for Mr. Nunes, Jack Langer, said the congressman met with his source at the White House because he needed access to a secure location where people with security clearances can legally view classified information. But such facilities can also be found in the Capitol building, and at other locations across Washington.
Senator Mark R. Warner of Virginia, the Democratic vice chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, called it “more than suspicious” that Mr. Nunes went to the White House complex, pointing out that he would “have to be escorted” while there.
“Who is he meeting with?” Mr. Warner said in an interview with NBC. “Was it a source or somebody from the administration?”
Mr. Langer did not address those concerns on Monday. In a brief statement, he said: “Chairman Nunes met with his source at the White House grounds in order to have proximity to a secure location where he could view the information provided by the source.”
He added, “The chairman is extremely concerned by the possible improper unmasking of names of U.S. citizens, and he began looking into this issue even before President Trump tweeted his assertion that the Trump Tower had been wiretapped.”
Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said on Monday that White House officials had no previous knowledge of Mr. Nunes’s visit to the White House grounds, saying the only information he had came from “public reports.”
He also said officials were “not concerned” about the prospect that someone within the executive branch had leaked classified information to Mr. Nunes.
Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, accused Mr. Nunes of weakening not only the committee’s tradition of bipartisanship but also Congress itself. He asked Mr. Ryan to replace Mr. Nunes.
“He has not been cooperating like someone who is interested in getting to the unvarnished truth,” Mr. Schumer said.
Acknowledging that the incidental collection from surveillance appeared to be legal, Mr. Nunes last week said his concerns surrounded additional names that may have been improperly “unmasked.” Normally, intelligence agencies mask the identities of American citizens who are incidentally present in intercepted communications.
Mr. Schiff said that Mr. Nunes also worried that anyone viewing the distributed reports could decipher whom they were discussing even though the names were masked.
Mr. Nunes repeatedly declined to offer any details about the source of what he characterized as “dozens” of classified intelligence reports, which Mr. Schiff accused him of viewing in a “dead-of-night excursion.” Mr. Nunes said only that the information had come to him after the committee’s public hearing on Monday.
On Friday, Mr. Nunes declined to say whether that information had come from the White House.
“You can ask me every single name that exists on the planet, and I’m still not going to tell you who our sources are,” he told reporters.
Mr. Nunes then defended his decision to bypass Mr. Schiff and go to the White House, saying he felt a “duty” to tell Mr. Trump because of Democrats’ “relentless” political attacks.
“If we would have crossed paths in the hall, maybe I would have said something to him,” Mr. Nunes said in an interview. “But what I was trying to do was get to the president as quick as possible.”
At that point, Mr. Trump seized on the information, saying he felt “somewhat” vindicated in his wiretapping claim against former President Barack Obama — debunked by the F.B.I. director and the director of the National Security Agency, as well as the heads of the Senate and House investigations, including Mr. Nunes.



ARTICLE
Senate investigators plan to question Jared Kushner, President Trump’s son-in-law and a close adviser, as part of their broad inquiry into ties between Trump associates and Russian officials or others linked to the Kremlin, according to administration and congressional officials.
The White House Counsel’s Office was informed this month that the Senate Intelligence Committee, which is investigating Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election, wanted to question Mr. Kushner about meetings he arranged with the Russian ambassador, Sergey I. Kislyak, according to the government officials. The meetings, which took place during the transition, included a previously unreported sit-down with the head of Russia’s state-owned development bank.
Until now, the White House had acknowledged only an early December meeting between Mr. Kislyak and Mr. Kushner, which occurred at Trump Tower and was also attended by Michael T. Flynn, who would briefly serve as the national security adviser.
Later that month, though, Mr. Kislyak requested a second meeting, which Mr. Kushner asked a deputy to attend in his stead, officials said. At Mr. Kislyak’s request, Mr. Kushner later met with Sergey N. Gorkov, the chief of Vnesheconombank, which the United States placed on its sanctions list after President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia annexed Crimea and began meddling in Ukraine.
A White House spokeswoman, Hope Hicks, confirmed those meetings, saying in an interview that nothing of consequence occurred and portraying them as routine diplomatic encounters that went nowhere. But Mr. Gorkov, who previously served as deputy chairman of the board at Sberbank, Russia’s largest state-owned bank, said in a statement issued by his bank that he met with Mr. Kushner in his capacity as the then-chief executive of Kushner Companies, his family’s sprawling real estate empire.
Members of presidential transition teams routinely meet with foreign officials, and there is nothing inherently improper about sitting down with the Russian ambassador. Part of Mr. Kushner’s role during the campaign and the transition was to serve as a chief conduit to foreign governments and officials, and Ms. Hicks said he met with dozens of officials from a wide range of countries.
She added that Mr. Kushner was willing to talk to Senate investigators about the meetings with Mr. Kislyak and the banker, saying, “He isn’t trying to hide anything and wants to be transparent.”
Still, meetings between Trump associates and Russian officials or others linked to Mr. Putin are now of heightened interest as several congressional committees and F.B.I. investigators try to determine the scope of the Russian intervention in the election and links between Russians and anyone around Mr. Trump.
The Senate panel’s decision to question Mr. Kushner would make him the closest person to the president to be called upon in any of the investigations, and the only one currently serving in the White House. The officials who initially described that Senate inquiry to The New York Times did so on the condition of anonymity in order to speak candidly about Mr. Trump’s son-in-law.
The F.B.I. declined to comment. There are no indications that Mr. Kushner is a focus of its investigation, and Ms. Hicks said he had not been questioned by the bureau.
Mr. Kislyak’s contacts with Trump administration officials have proved problematic: Mr. Flynn was fired for misleading Vice President Mike Pence about the nature of the conversations he had with the Russian envoy, claiming he had not discussed the sanctions against Russia when communications intercepts showed he had.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions was forced to recuse himself from any Russian inquiries led by the Justice Department after he failed to disclose at his Senate confirmation hearing that he had met with Mr. Kislyak during the campaign.
The meetings Mr. Kushner arranged with Mr. Kislyak all took place in December, during the transition, Ms. Hicks said. Mr. Kushner attended the initial meeting with Mr. Kislyak to explore whether a channel could be set up between the Russian government and the incoming administration to improve relations between the United States and Russia, Ms. Hicks said. They also discussed how the United States and Russia could cooperate on issues in the Middle East, an area Mr. Kushner has been deputized to take the lead on, she said.
Mr. Kislyak asked for a second meeting to “deliver a message,” Ms. Hicks said. Mr. Kushner sent Avrahm Berkowitz, a White House aide and longtime associate. At that session, Mr. Kislyak told Mr. Berkowitz that he wanted Mr. Kushner to meet Mr. Gorkov, the Russian banker, Ms. Hicks said.
Mr. Gorkov is a graduate of the academy of Federal Security Service of Russia, a training ground for Russian intelligence and security forces. And as the head of Vnesheconombank, Mr. Gorkov presides over a bank whose supervisory board is controlled by members of Mr. Putin’s government, including Prime Minister Dimitri A. Medvedev. It has been used to bail out oligarchs favored by Mr. Putin, as well as to help fund pet projects like the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi.
Around the time the Russian ambassador asked that Mr. Kushner meet with Mr. Gorkov, American intelligence agencies were concluding that Russian spies, acting on the orders of Mr. Putin, had sought to sway the election by hacking political targets, like the Democratic National Committee, and passing stolen emails to WikiLeaks.
Mr. Kushner had not yet stepped aside as chief executive of Kushner Companies, which was trying to attract investment for the company’s crown jewel, an overleveraged Manhattan office tower on Fifth Avenue. The company was in the midst of negotiations to redevelop the building with Anbang Insurance Group, a Chinese company with ties to the Beijing government.
Senate investigators plan to ask Mr. Kushner if he discussed ways to secure additional financing for the building during his meeting with the Russian banker, a government official said. Ms. Hicks said that no such business was discussed at the half-hour session, during which Mr. Gorkov expressed a desire for an open dialogue. Nor did the issue of the American sanctions against Russian entities like Vnesheconombank arise, she added. “It really wasn’t much of a conversation,” she said.
Mr. Gorkov, in the statement, went further. He said that bank managers, as part of a new strategy for the institution, met with international financial institutions in Europe, Asia and America to talk about promising trends and sectors. He also met with representatives of “business circles of the U.S., including with the head of Kushner Companies, Jared Kushner.”
And in an interview on the state-owned Rossiya 24 TV channel on Dec. 29, the same month that he met with Mr. Kushner, Mr. Gorkov said he hoped that the situation caused by Ukraine sanctions imposed by the Americans against Russian banks like his “would change for the better.”
The inquiry into Mr. Kushner’s dealings with the ambassador and Mr. Gorkov may further complicate Mr. Trump’s efforts to move past the Russia situation. Last week, the F.B.I. director, James B. Comey, confirmed in testimony to Congress that his agency had begun a counterintelligence investigation into Russian interference and whether any associates of the president might have colluded with the Russian government.
Mr. Trump’s former campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, has been under scrutiny in the F.B.I. investigation because of his ties to pro-Russian politicians in Ukraine. In August, he was forced to step down as the chairman of Mr. Trump’s campaign amid reports that his name emerged in a secret ledger in Ukraine listing off-the-books payments for consulting work he did for a Russian-backed government there. He has denied any wrongdoing and has said he never worked for the Russian government.
Other Trump associates who have been drawn into the F.B.I. investigation include Roger J. Stone Jr., a longtime Republican operative who has acknowledged contacts with Guccifer 2.0, the mysterious online figure that is believed to be a front for Russian intelligence officials, and Carter Page, a former foreign policy adviser to the campaign who has done extensive business in Russia. Both have denied doing anything unlawful.
The Senate investigation is proceeding on a separate track from the F.B.I. investigation while drawing on some of the same material, like routine electronic surveillance of the Russian ambassador and his embassy cohort. The committee chairman, Senator Richard M. Burr, Republican of North Carolina, has told the White House he plans to interview all Trump aides who had contact with Russian officials, according to White House officials. Depending on those interviews, some may be called upon to testify in closed-door sessions.
Mr. Burr and Senator Mark Warner, a Virginia Democrat and the committee’s vice chairman, said in a statement: “Mr. Kushner has volunteered to be interviewed as part of the committee’s investigation into the Russian activities surrounding the 2016 election.” They added that their inquiry would “follow the intelligence wherever it leads.”
The extent of Mr. Kushner’s interactions with Mr. Kislyak caught some senior members of Mr. Trump’s White House team off guard, in part because he did not mention them last month during a debate then consuming the White House: how to handle the disclosures about Mr. Flynn’s interactions with the Russian ambassador.
Ms. Hicks said that Mr. Trump had authorized Mr. Kushner to have meetings with foreign officials that he felt made sense, and to report back to him if those meetings produced anything of note. She said that because in Mr. Kushner’s view the meetings were inconsequential, it did not occur to him to mention them to senior staff members earlier.
“There was nothing to get out in front of on this,” she said.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump, looking for a flicker of hope after his Republican majority fell to pieces last week, predicted that the opposition party would eventually give in: “I honestly believe the Democrats will come to us and say let’s get together and get a great health care bill or plan,” he said.
But Democrats will not be lending a hand anytime soon.
Invigorated by the Republican dysfunction that led to a stunningly swift collapse of the effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act, and relieved that President Barack Obama’s signature domestic accomplishment remains intact, Democrats are in their best position since their embarrassing loss in the November election.
While it is far too soon to suggest that the House Republican majority may be imperiled, Democrats are newly optimistic about picking up seats in 2018, hoping to ride a backlash against Mr. Trump. Seeing an opportunity, they say they will not throw Mr. Trump a political life preserver at what they sense could be the first turns of a downward spiral.
The president’s approval rating was already mired below 40 percent in some surveys, and is likely to remain low after the health bill’s failure. He has no prospects for legislative victories on the immediate horizon, given how complicated and time-consuming his next priority, an overhaul of the tax code, would be even for a more unified party.
And while his electoral success in states represented by Democrats in Congress had been thought to put such lawmakers in a vise between their party and their president, Mr. Trump demonstrated no ability to pick off centrist Democrats in his first significant legislative push. Democrats — red-state moderates and blue-state liberals alike — formed an unbroken front of opposition to the repeal-and-replace campaign. 
“We’re not going to sacrifice our values for the sake of compromise,” said Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader. “You think people from red states are going to be for tax reform with 98 percent of tax breaks going to the top 1 percent?”
For Democrats, the task of remaining unified was made easier when Republicans decided to go it alone and hastily draft a bill that turned out to be deeply unpopular. But the health care skirmish was also more broadly instructive for a party still finding its footing now that it has lost both the White House and Congress: Being the “party of no,” it turns out, can pay dividends.
“The unity we had internally, combined with the outside mobilization, really made this success possible,” said Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, the top House Democrat.
Both Mr. Schumer and Ms. Pelosi insist that they are open to working with Mr. Trump if he shifts to the middle and abandons Republican hard-liners. But while Democrats are loath to hold up Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, a fierce and calculating opponent, as a role model, his strategy as the Republican leader in denying Mr. Obama bipartisan support is plainly more alluring now.
“You certainly saw the power of united Democratic resistance to the Trump agenda on Friday,” said Senator Christopher S. Murphy, Democrat of Connecticut. “There’s no way you can explain the failure of that bill without the story of a united Democratic and progressive resistance.”
Of course, much of the story revolves around the inability of the fractured Republican majority to reach a consensus. But while many Republican lawmakers were under pressure to oppose the health bill, Democratic members of Congress also felt the heat thanks to the new wave of activism in response to Mr. Trump.
Though the ability of Democrats to do much more than say no remains limited, their success in helping to thwart Mr. Trump will not only embolden them to confront him again — it will also inspire activists to push them to do whatever it takes to block his path.
“Having tasted victory, the resistance forces will feel even more empowered to insist that Democrats continue withholding any cooperation and not granting Trump any victories when he is so wounded,” said Brian Fallon, a Democratic strategist.
Still, this rising energy could create internal turbulence for Democrats if activists turn their attention to the next major showdown in Washington: the Supreme Court nomination of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch. The court battle has not yet engendered the same intensity among activists as the health care bill or Mr. Trump’s executive orders on immigration. Some Democratic senators are uneasy about rejecting Judge Gorsuch, preferring to save any fight for an opportunity by Mr. Trump to fill a seat now held by a liberal justice.
But the party’s senators may now be pressed to take a more aggressive posture against Mr. Gorsuch, opposition that may not halt his confirmation but would force Senate Republicans to eliminate the filibuster for such nominations.
An infrastructure plan may be a safer harbor for Mr. Trump — a measure many in Washington are mystified that he did not try to pursue at the outset of his administration. But Mr. Schumer suggested that the president would find Democratic votes only if he defied his party and embraced a huge spending bill, rather than just offering tax incentives for companies to build roads, bridges and railways.
“If he’s only for tax breaks, it will just be a repeat of the health care debate,” Mr. Schumer said.
To many Democrats and some Republicans, the resistance on health care was reminiscent of the 2005 clash over Social Security. President George W. Bush sought to overhaul a program covering millions of Americans but suffered a crippling loss when Democrats put up uniform opposition and Republicans backed away in fear of enduring political consequences.
There is one major difference, though. “President Bush was at 58 percent,” noted Ms. Pelosi, adding that Mr. Trump starts “in a very different place.”
But while Mr. Trump’s weakness has Democrats hopeful of making electoral gains in the House, next year’s Senate map offers few opportunities and many hazards. In the House, Democrats need 24 seats to take back the chamber. That deficit could fall to 23 — coincidentally, the number of Republican-held seats in districts that Hillary Clinton carried — if Democrats win a special election in Georgia.
The vote to fill the suburban Atlanta seat vacated by the new health secretary, Tom Price, will take place on April 18, and the Republicans running are as splintered over how best to confront the Affordable Care Act as their counterparts are in Washington. With Democrats rallying around a well-funded candidate, Jon Ossoff, and the large field of Republicans splitting the vote, some Republican strategists are concerned that Mr. Ossoff may avoid a runoff by winning 50 percent of the vote.
House Democrats, hoping to continue their momentum, are planning to pour in more money as part of an effort to drive up Democratic turnout, according to an official with the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee.
If the anger toward Mr. Trump is enough for them to gain a House seat in a fast-growing Southern suburb, it may be enough to deliver a wave across a broader area of the country next year in the midterm elections, which often yield gains to the more energized of the two parties.
“There’s a storm that’s going to hit Republicans in 2018,” said Representative Joaquin Castro, a Texas Democrat. “The only question is if it is going to be Category 2 or Category 5.”
For now, though, Democrats stand to gain simply by standing back and abiding by the maxim of not getting in the way of an opponent who is damaging himself.
“Our best shot at stopping the Republicans has always been to let them cannibalize themselves, and this proved that,” Caitlin Legacki, a Democratic strategist, said of the health care fight.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Picking themselves up after the bruising collapse of their health care plan, President Trump and Republicans in Congress will start this week on a legislative obstacle course that will be even more arduous: the first overhaul of the tax code in three decades.
Mr. Trump’s inability to make good on his promise to repeal the Affordable Care Act has made the already daunting challenge of tax reform even more difficult. Not only has Mr. Trump’s aura of political invincibility been shattered, but without killing the Affordable Care Act, Republicans will be unable to rewrite the tax code in the sweeping fashion that the president has called for.
The grand plans of lower rates, fewer loopholes and a tax on imports may have to be scaled back to a big corporate tax cut and possibly an individual tax cut.
A lot of people think Mr. Trump might go for this to get an easy win.
“They have to have a victory here,” said Stephen Moore, a Heritage Foundation economist who advised Mr. Trump during the presidential campaign. “But it is going to have to be a bit less ambitious rather than going for the big bang.”
Because of the arcane rules of lawmaking in Congress, there may be little choice. If Republicans intend to act again without the help of Democrats, they will need to use a procedure called budget reconciliation to have the Senate pass tax legislation with a simple majority. To make their changes to the tax code permanent, their plans cannot add to deficits over a period of 10 years.
Eliminating the $1 trillion of Affordable Care Act taxes and the federal spending associated with that law would have made this easier. Because they failed, Republicans will struggle to reach their goal of cutting corporate tax rates without piling on debt. Speaker Paul D. Ryan acknowledged on Friday, “This does make tax reform more difficult.”
Under pressure to get something done, some Republican deficit hawks appear ready to abandon the fiscal rectitude that they embraced during the Obama administration to help salvage Mr. Trump’s agenda.
In a rare shift, Representative Mark Meadows of North Carolina, whose House Freedom Caucus effectively torpedoed the health legislation, said Sunday on ABC’s “This Week” that he would not protest if tax cuts were not offset by new spending cuts or new streams of revenue, such as an import tax.
“I think there’s a lot of flexibility in terms of some of my contacts and conservatives in terms of not making it totally offset,” he said. “Does it have to be fully offset? My personal response is no.”
The health care failure also makes the tax overhaul more politically complex as the fissures within the Republican Party have been laid bare. Mr. Trump followed Mr. Ryan’s lead and lost, making it more likely that the White House will try to steer the direction of tax legislation.
“I would be surprised given the health law debacle if the Trump administration sits back and lets Congress fashion the legislation without weighing in on the substance,” said Michael J. Graetz, a tax law professor at Columbia University. “That is one of the lessons that the administration will take from the failure of the health bill.”
It remains unclear whether Mr. Trump and Mr. Ryan are in agreement on taxes.
Since last summer, Mr. Ryan and Representative Kevin Brady of Texas, the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, have been aggressively pitching a reform blueprint that includes a “border adjustment tax.” It would be a 20 percent tax on imports that, by making imports more expensive, would spur domestic production, they say. They think the plan would raise $1 trillion to compensate for the lower revenue that much lower tax rates would probably bring in.
Mr. Ryan and Mr. Brady are unlikely to simply hand over tax policy to the White House. Mr. Brady said on Sunday that getting rid of the contentious border tax provision would have “severe consequences” and that he hoped to produce a bill based on the House plan this spring that would be passed later this year.
Mr. Brady’s tax-writing committee is expected to convene a meeting about an overhaul on Tuesday.
“We have so much in common with the Trump administration, it wouldn’t make sense to have a separate tax bill from Secretary Mnuchin, a separate one from Gary Cohn, a third from whomever,” Mr. Brady said on Fox News, referring to the Treasury secretary, Steven T. Mnuchin, and to one of Mr. Trump’s top economic advisers. “Why not take the basis of the House plan?”
Changing the tax code affects every person and industry. Lobbyists are already hoping to shape tax legislation. As plans become more concrete, business groups will be ready to pick them apart.
Mr. Trump has at times expressed admiration for some form of border tax as a way to give an advantage to American producers. However, facing a backlash from retailers, energy companies and conservative think tanks that warn that consumer prices will soar under the House Republican plan, Mr. Trump and Mr. Mnuchin have sounded cool to the idea.
Many Senate Republicans are also skeptical, raising the prospect that Mr. Ryan’s tax vision could suffer the same fate as his health plan, toppling under the weight of divisions within his party.
If Mr. Trump does try to go his own way, he could propose a tax cut plan that disregards deficits and assumes that robust economic growth will make up for lost revenue. Another idea would be reforming taxes in pieces, with a focus on reducing business tax rates first and then addressing tax rates for individuals later. Or, as Mr. Moore advises, he could try to make a grand bargain with Democrats that combines a tax overhaul with a plan for more infrastructure spending.
Mr. Trump is under added pressure not to again fail supporters who he promised would “get sick of all the winning.”
“They need to cut taxes, cut spending, and build the wall,” said Judson Phillips, the founder of the conservative group Tea Party Nation. “If they will do that, the base will be forever in love with them.” He said he did not want Mr. Trump to get bogged down in Mr. Ryan’s complicated tax agenda.
But after consuming the first two months of his presidency focused on health care, it is unclear how prepared Mr. Trump and his administration are to tackle taxes. The administration said last month that its tax plan was just weeks away, but nothing materialized. And the Treasury Department, which will take a leading role in crafting a plan, remains understaffed, with crucial policy positions unfilled and most of its leadership still awaiting Senate confirmation.
Mr. Mnuchin said last week that he was ready to get going, predicting that a tax overhaul would be simpler than health care. The fact that no one has seriously tackled tax reform since 1986 suggests otherwise.
“It’s like asking whether climbing Kilimanjaro or another mountain of equal height is harder,” said Mr. Graetz, who was a Treasury Department official in the early 1990s. “They are both very hard, very exhausting and seem to occur once in a generation.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The sudden death of legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act has created an opening for voices from both parties to press for fixes to the acknowledged problems in President Barack Obama’s signature health law, as lawmakers and some senior White House officials appealed for bipartisanship.
But the White House, still smarting from a disastrous defeat on Friday, appeared uncertain on the path forward. President Trump predicted that “Obamacare will explode” and offered no plan to stop it, but his was not the only voice from the White House.
The president “wants to make sure that people don’t get left behind” in the search for affordable, quality health care, Reince Priebus, the White House chief of staff, said on “Fox News Sunday.”
“I think it’s time for our folks to come together,” Mr. Priebus said, adding that it is time to “potentially get a few moderate Democrats on board, as well” as they try to bring down premiums and stabilize insurance markets.
That appeal was echoed by Senator Susan Collins of Maine, a moderate Republican who opposed the House Republicans’ health bill and has also worked with Democrats to explore changes to the Affordable Care Act without repealing it.
“With the demise of the House bill, there’s a real window of opportunity for a bipartisan approach to health care,” she said.
In the wake of the Republican failure to make good on the seven-year-old promise to repeal the Affordable Care Act, Mr. Trump and congressional leaders find themselves at a political crossroads.
They could sabotage the Affordable Care Act’s insurance markets, betting that Democrats would be blamed for collapsing coverage choices and spikes in insurance premiums and would then come to the negotiating table ready to toss the law and start fresh. Or they could work with Democratic lawmakers and moderate Republicans, who for years have discussed improvements to the Affordable Care Act, which, unlike many social welfare programs, has not been significantly updated or revised.
Speaker Paul D. Ryan has said he wants to move on to other issues, and indicated that Democrats would have to come to him if they want to cooperate on health care. After insisting that the health law had to be eradicated “root and branch,” Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, has been remarkably quiet since Friday’s debacle.
The messages from the White House, so far, have been mixed. “You cannot fix a broken system,” the White House budget director, Mick Mulvaney, said on NBC’s “Meet the Press.” “You are never going to fix that. This system must be removed.” Mr. Trump appeared to endorse the crash-and-burn strategy on Saturday morning, saying on Twitter: “ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great health care plan for THE PEOPLE. Do not worry!”
But Mr. Priebus’s softer vision gave some in Congress hope that a bipartisan approach could be found — possibly to alleviate the health law’s burdens on small business, repeal some of its more unpopular taxes, give employers more leeway on which employees they have to offer insurance to, and foster more competition among insurance companies. “I believe that there is a group of centrist Democrats who recognize that the Affordable Care Act has flaws that must be fixed,” Ms. Collins said. “Until there was a repudiation of the House bill, they felt constrained from negotiating. Now that the House bill has died, I hope they will feel free to come to the table.”
Representative Don Young, Republican of Alaska, also called for bipartisanship. His state has benefited from its expansion of Medicaid under the health law, and would have been punished under the House Republican bill because its high premium costs would not have been offset by larger tax credits, as they are under current law.
“The reason why Obamacare failed was because it wasn’t a bipartisan bill,” Mr. Young said. Republicans, he said, made the same mistake, writing their bill without Democrats. “We were very frankly guilty of that,” he said.
Democrats also sounded more conciliatory.
“Until now, we haven’t talked at all about compromise on the Affordable Care Act,” said Representative Diana DeGette, Democrat of Colorado. “From the moment it passed, Republicans started their mantra of ‘repeal and replace.’ Now that repeal seems to be off the table, I think it’s in everybody’s interest to make the law work better for our constituents.”
Representative Jim Cooper, a centrist Democrat from Tennessee who has often worked with Republicans, said: “We need to fix the flaws in Obamacare. I hope Republicans are willing to do that, instead of just destroying Obamacare.” But, he added, “before we can work with them, the Republicans have to bargain in good faith and stop sabotaging Obamacare.”
Mr. Obama’s health care law may not be imploding, as President Trump says. But in states as diverse as Alaska, Arizona, Minnesota, North Carolina and Pennsylvania, the public insurance marketplaces — a central innovation of the Affordable Care Act — are in trouble. Consumers have seen big premium increases for health plans sold by a shrinking number of insurers. “People will have to come to the bargaining table sooner rather than later,” said Chris Jacobs, a health policy analyst.
Within a few weeks, insurers must decide whether they will participate in the marketplaces in 2018. Insurance markets could quickly unravel if the House wins a court case challenging the legality of subsidies paid by the government to insurers on behalf of low-income people.
“The comments by President Trump and Speaker Ryan predicting the collapse of the A.C.A. and health insurance exchanges could become a self-fulfilling prophecy,” said Kevin J. Counihan, who was the chief executive of the federal insurance marketplace, HealthCare.gov, under Mr. Obama.
Mr. Counihan said he saw a risk that some counties might not have any insurers on the exchange next year as major insurers like Aetna, Humana and UnitedHealth pull back from the program. Republicans in Congress, especially those from rural areas, share that concern. The Obama administration worked hard to keep insurers in the market, and to promote sign-ups during open enrollment season. Whether the Trump administration will do so is unclear.
Mr. Counihan suggested several areas where Republicans and Democrats in Congress could work together. They could, he said, give insurers more discretion to charge higher premiums for older adults, reflecting their medical costs. Under the Affordable Care Act, insurers can charge older adults no more than three times the rates for young adults. The House Republican bill would have allowed them to charge five times as much, or more if states wanted. A ceiling somewhere between those numbers might be appropriate, Mr. Counihan said.
In addition, he said, Congress could shorten the length of “grace periods” during which insurers must provide coverage to consumers who fail to pay their premiums. Lawmakers from both parties have also expressed a desire to give states more freedom to pursue their own ideas for expanding coverage, controlling health costs, reducing premiums and stabilizing insurance markets. Giving states more flexibility is consistent with Republicans’ federalism philosophy. It also has potential appeal to Democrats because many states, including some with Republican governors, are to the left of the Trump administration on health policy.
One section of the Affordable Care Act, added at the behest of Senator Ron Wyden, Democrat of Oregon, already allows waivers for innovations in state health policy. But states say the requirements are so stringent that the waivers are of limited use.
“As Republicans, we know that one-size-fits-all works for no one and certainly did not work for the individual markets,” said Representative Michael C. Burgess of Texas, the chairman of the Energy and Commerce subcommittee on health. Lawmakers of both parties also support legislation to help small businesses get insurance. As a possible model for bipartisan cooperation, they point to a bill signed by Mr. Obama in 2015 that changed the definition of “small employer” to protect such companies against increases in health insurance premiums.
The possibility of bipartisan cooperation may not last long. Some conservative Republicans like Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky and Representative Sean P. Duffy of Wisconsin said they would redouble their efforts to undo the Affordable Care Act. “Rip it all out by the roots!” Representative Steve King of Iowa said Friday in a Twitter post.
But other Republicans said that Democrats should be involved in efforts to rewrite the law. Representative Mark Sanford, Republican of South Carolina, opposed the House bill and said its demise could “prove to be a catalyst” for forging a consensus. “Seeming stopping points can ultimately prove to be beginning points in life,” he said.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Since Carl Icahn, the billionaire investor, was named by President Trump as a special adviser on regulatory matters, he has been busy working behind the scenes to try to revamp an obscure Environmental Protection Agency rule that governs the way corn-based ethanol is mixed into gasoline nationwide.
It is a campaign that fits into the charge Mr. Trump gave Mr. Icahn, to help the nation “break free of excessive regulation.” But there is an additional detail that is raising eyebrows in Washington: Mr. Icahn is a majority investor in CVR Energy, an oil refiner based in Sugar Land, Tex., that would have saved $205.9 million last year had the regulatory fix he is pushing been in place.
Mr. Icahn, known internationally for his pugnacious and persistent approach to activist investing, has brought that same technique to his new role. He quizzed Scott Pruitt, a former Oklahoma attorney general, about the ethanol rule when Mr. Icahn helped interview Mr. Pruitt for the E.P.A. job. Mr. Icahn later reached out to Gary D. Cohn, Mr. Trump’s top economic adviser, to raise the issue. Mr. Icahn said he even had a telephone conversation in February with Mr. Trump himself.
The blitz has already generated at least one clear outcome: Since Mr. Trump was elected president with Mr. Icahn’s very vocal support and nearly $200,000 in political contributions to Republican causes — the stock price of CVR Energy has soared. By late December, it had doubled. It is still up 50 percent from the pre-election level, generating a windfall, at least on paper, of $455 million as of Friday.
The merging of private business interest with government affairs — aspects of which have previously been reported by Bloomberg, but which The New York Times has found further evidence of — has generated protests from ethics experts in Washington, as well as certain Senate Democrats. They consider Mr. Icahn’s dual roles perhaps the most troubling conflict of interest to emerge so far in the new administration.
“This is a mile out of bounds by any standard,” said Senator Sheldon Whitehouse, Democrat of Rhode Island, who, along with other Democrats, sent a letter Monday to Mr. Icahn, the Office of Government Ethics and the Department of Justice to object to Mr. Icahn’s dual roles, and to ask new questions. “Were the shoe on the other foot, Republicans would be having fits about any Obama relationship like this.”
Mr. Icahn, 81, in a series of interviews in the last week, was unapologetic. He said he was not subject to conflict of interest rules because he is an informal, unpaid adviser to Mr. Trump, not an official government employee.
“I’m not making any policy,” Mr. Icahn said. “I am only giving my opinion.”
Kelly Love, a White House spokeswoman, also dismissed the criticism. She pointed to the December news release when Mr. Trump first named Mr. Icahn “special adviser to the president” on regulatory matters. “He is simply a private citizen whose opinion the president respects and whom the president speaks with from time to time,” Ms. Love said in a written statement. “Mr. Icahn does not have a position with the administration nor a policy-making role.”
Both compared Mr. Icahn’s role to corporate executives serving on federal advisory commissions, who are expected to argue for changes in federal policies while remaining corporate officers. But CVR Energy, of which Mr. Icahn owns 82 percent, is just one entry on a growing list of potential conflicts that have surfaced since his December appointment.
Mr. Icahn has provided input to the White House on the selection of the new head of the Securities and Exchange Commission. He is a major investor in companies that have recently been targeted for enforcement action or investigation by the S.E.C., including CVR Energy and Herbalife, the nutritional beverage company, of which he owned about 24 percent at the end of last year.
Mr. Icahn has also pressed Freeport-McMoRan, the global mining company he helps run as a result of his large investment, to more aggressively fight back against the government of Indonesia, the company’s chief executive, Richard Adkerson, said in an interview Friday. Indonesia is challenging Freeport’s contract to extract gold and copper from one of the world’s largest mines.
The company, as that pressure from Mr. Icahn and other investors has intensified, has been asking for help from the State Department, Commerce Department and White House, Mr. Adkerson said.
Mr. Icahn is “very concerned about what is happening in Indonesia,” Mr. Adkerson told reporters in Indonesia last month, adding that he was “confident the U.S. government will want to see Freeport treated fairly.” (Both Mr. Adkerson and Mr. Icahn said that Mr. Icahn, who controls two of eight seats on the company’s board, had not directly intervened with the Trump administration on this matter.)
And while the Trump administration imposed a broad freeze on the adoption of new regulations — holding up dozens of new rules affecting everything from hybrid cars to furniture manufacturing — it surprised industry officials by allowing one Internal Revenue Service rule to go into effect in late January. The rule expands a special kind of oil and gas business organization with tax advantages, known as a master limited partnership, that Mr. Icahn cited as a primary reason he first made his big investment in CVR Energy back in 2012.
What is clear is that Mr. Icahn has an unusual position in the Trump administration. During his campaign, Mr. Trump repeatedly boasted of his ties to Mr. Icahn — calling him “my very dear friend” and citing Mr. Icahn’s support as a sign that “many of the great businesspeople are endorsing me.”
His fortune, $16.6 billion, according to a Forbes estimate, is greater than those of all the other members of Mr. Trump’s cabinet combined, with investments in companies as diverse as Hertz, Xerox and PayPal, as well as A.I.G., the multinational insurance company, and most recently Bristol-Myers Squibb, the global biopharmaceutical company.
Mr. Trump’s cabinet appointees, many of whom are very rich, had to undergo stringent reviews by the Office of Government Ethics that negotiated personalized asset sales agreements for each of them to help them avoid conflicts of interest. But Mr. Icahn is not required to take any such steps, given that he is an unpaid adviser rather than a formal government employee.
Mr. Icahn has long fought against the ethanol rule, known more formally as the Renewable Fuel Standard. In August he wrote an unusually personal 11-page letter to Gina McCarthy, who served as President Barack Obama’s head of the Environmental Protection Agency, and one of Ms. McCarthy’s top deputies, with an all-capital-letter headline: “PROGRAM IS BROKEN AND NEEDS TO BE FIXED IMMEDIATELY.”
He pushed the federal government, in this letter and other appeals, to eliminate the requirement that refiners be held responsible for ensuring that ethanol is blended into gasoline, given that the actual blending is often done by gas station owners, closer to the point of sale. Other merchant refiners like the San Antonio-based Valero Energy joined Mr. Icahn in pressing the E.P.A.
“This is a terrible, flawed rule,” said LeAnn Johnson Koch, a lawyer representing a group of smaller refiners, who joined the effort.
Major oil companies, like Exxon Mobil, own both the refineries and service stations, so they can handle this requirement. But CVR Energy and other so-called merchant refiners no longer handle the gasoline once it leaves their refineries. So they must buy renewable fuel credits — nicknamed RINs — to prove to the E.P.A. that they have complied with the blending of the ethanol and gasoline, a requirement that cost CVR $637.5 million over the last four years.
“You are robbing refineries so that gas station owners and other players can make windfall profits,” Mr. Icahn said in an interview Friday, barely able to contain his anger at the arrangement.
But the Obama administration, in November, moved to reject the request to revamp the system.
“We were not persuaded that the program would be appreciably better at accomplishing its goals, with the approach that he was advocating,” said Janet McCabe, the E.P.A. administrator who oversaw the program.
So after Mr. Trump won, Mr. Icahn took up the campaign again, this time gaining much higher access. First, Mr. Trump asked Mr. Icahn to help him screen candidates for the E.P.A. job, so when Mr. Icahn interviewed Mr. Pruitt, he asked him specifically about his position on the ethanol rule.
“The E.P.A., in my opinion, has gone way too far, has sort of run amok with these crazy regulations,” Mr. Icahn said in an interview with Bloomberg television in early December, explaining why he supported Mr. Pruitt for the job. Mr. Icahn then added that Mr. Pruitt had made clear to him that “he feels pretty strongly about the absurdity of these obligations, and I feel that this should be done immediately,” referring to the ethanol rule.
In February, Mr. Icahn set up a telephone call with Mr. Trump. The conversation, which took place in the lobby of Mr. Icahn’s New York apartment building as he was returning from walking his dog, involved a plan he had hatched to force the E.P.A. to revamp the rule, details of which were confirmed by Mr. Icahn, after being first reported by Bloomberg.
Mr. Icahn confirmed in an interview Friday that he had follow-up conversations with Mr. Cohn, Mr. Trump’s top economic adviser, and Mike Catanzaro, a top Trump White House aide on energy policy (and a former oil industry lobbyist).
But Mr. Icahn’s plan has run into intense opposition from other industry players, including the powerful American Petroleum Institute, and a trade association that represents major ethanol producers like Iowa-based Poet. In an interview last week, Poet’s chief executive, Jeff Broin, called the plan a “back-room” deal. “It seems like self-dealing to me and a clear conflict of interest,” he said.
The White House, in a statement, said no policy change was imminent.
But Mr. Icahn’s actions have already generated calls for investigations, including a complaint filed this month with congressional officials by Public Citizen, a liberal nonprofit group.
Not uncharacteristically for Mr. Icahn, he shows no sign that he intends to back down in his push for the policy change.
“All my life I have fought the establishment — from U.S. Steel, to eBay, to Apple,” he said last week, listing some of his famous battles to force management changes at companies in which he has invested. “I have never shied away from it. I am not going to now.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — When Representative Mark Sanford of South Carolina, fresh off helping torpedo his party’s bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act, showed up at the Berkeley County Republican meeting on Saturday, he was met with applause and praise in one of the most conservative corners of his district.
So less than a week later, after President Trump on Thursday warned the Freedom Caucus that he would “fight them” when they face re-election next year, Mr. Sanford was hardly cowering in fear. Instead, he and other members of the Freedom Caucus returned fire.
“Intimidation may work with some in the short term, but it never really works in the long run,” Mr. Sanford said, adding that Mr. Trump should interpret the recalcitrance of conservative lawmakers as an indication of a flawed bill: “What you can’t do is shoot messengers.”
Representative Tom Garrett of Virginia, another Freedom Caucus member, was even more blunt. “Stockholm Syndrome?” he asked on Twitter above a copy of Mr. Trump’s taunting post, suggesting the president had become captive to the Republican establishment he gleefully flayed during the campaign.
Mr. Trump’s attack on fellow Republicans was only the latest and most high profile in the increasingly open warfare within the party that controls Washington but has struggled to gets its legislative agenda off the ground.
When Mr. Trump and some Senate Republican suggested that the law should be repaired with the help of Democrats, it was the House speaker, Paul D. Ryan, who spoke out and discouraged the idea. That, in turn, led Senator Bob Corker, Republican of Tennessee, to blast Mr. Ryan.
“We have come a long way in our country when the speaker of one party urges a president NOT to work with the other party to solve a problem,” Mr. Corker wrote on Twitter, an extraordinary cross-cameral blast from the Senate Foreign Relations Committee chairman.
Representative Justin Amash, Republican of Michigan and an outspoken member of the Freedom Caucus, said, “Most people don’t take well to being bullied.”
“It’s constructive in fifth grade,” he said of the president’s tactics. “It may allow a child to get his way. But that’s not how our government works.”
Indeed, Mr. Trump’s Twitter posts have become the communications equivalent of a mother who threatens to cancel the family vacation if her children do not unload the dishwasher — a noteworthy threat, but most likely empty. “Oddly enough, I think it’s fairly banal,” said Representative David Schweikert, Republican of Arizona and a member of the Freedom Caucus. “We are used to it. It goes with the job. He is not the first president who has attacked us, just the first from our own party.” Asked if he expected the White House to work closely with the group on further legislation he said, “The answer is yes.”
Mr. Trump’s Twitter account has long been seen as fear-inducing political weapon. And his message Thursday was the sort of warning shot many Republicans thought could be fired to enforce party discipline. But it seemed to have the opposite effect.
The reasons Mr. Trump’s threats may well have about as much bite as a catfish — scary appearance, weak teeth — are many.
The health care bill that the many House members rejected was extremely unpopular. Only 17 percent of Americans supported the proposal, according to a Quinnipiac poll released last week. Even among Republicans, the repeal-and-replace measure was barely tolerable: Just 41 percent of Republicans in the same survey said they approved of the bill. Many voters in states that Mr. Trump won benefit from the Affordable Care Act, derided as Obamacare, particularly in states that have expanded the Medicaid program.
In the most conservative districts where Mr. Trump may target lawmakers, such as that of Mr. Sanford, voters are likely more in sync with their representatives, who felt the rollback of the law did not go far enough, than their president, who simply wanted a win.
“These are not people subscribed to the Heritage Foundation,” Mr. Sanford said, referring to the conservative research group that opposed the Republicans’ doomed effort to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. “They’re not part of the intelligentsia of what happens in Washington. They’re just conservative folks.”
Further, Mr. Trump’s approval rating, at least for now, does not suggest that he has considerable sway among voters beyond his core supporters. Even if that improves, perhaps especially if that improves, Mr. Trump may find that he has more fruitful targets to pursue than fellow Republicans.
“Even in a safe Republican district it is a combination of Trump supporters and Republican voters who held their nose and voted for Trump,” said Nathan Gonzales, a congressional political analyst in Washington. “No Republican should feel great if a president turns his sights against them. But one tweet is a long way from getting a credible primary challenger. For a president who has a short attention span, we will see if he and his team have dedication and interest in taking the fight to Republicans.”
Beyond blustery Twitter messages, Mr. Trump has so far not shown much of a willingness to aggressively confront his party’s hard-liners. He wooed them during the weeks leading up to the collapse of the health care bill, agreeing to some of their requests to make the measure more conservative. But he never set foot in any of their districts to demand they support the proposal.
The House districts he did hold rallies in shortly before the vote were represented by Democrats, who unanimously opposed the bill.
But the abrupt shift from aggressively courting his party’s most conservative lawmakers to hurling threats at them neatly illustrates how confused Mr. Trump, and his adopted party, are at the moment. He ran vowing to tear up President Barack Obama’s health law, while simultaneously pledging universal coverage.
And even though his was an ideologically scattered candidacy, some of his most loyal supporters were the small-government conservatives that he at times seemed to have little in common with other than a confrontational attitude.
These contradictions have now spilled into the first months of his presidency, as he has largely aligned himself with Mr. Ryan and the Republican establishment — to the dismay of the hard-liners.
“Freedom Caucus stood with u when others ran,” Representative Raul Labrador of Idaho wrote on Twitter on Thursday in response to Mr. Trump, alluding to the mainline Republicans, such as Mr. Ryan, who abandoned the president’s campaign last fall after the release of a videotape in which he was caught bragging about sexually assaulting women. “Remember who your real friends are. We’re trying to help u succeed.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — In a Thursday morning Twitter post, President Trump returned to a favorite theme. He was unhappy with reporting in The New York Times, and he had a solution. “Change libel laws?” he asked.
On the campaign trail, where he was not constrained by Twitter’s character limit, Mr. Trump was more expansive.
“I’m going to open up our libel laws so when they write purposely negative and horrible and false articles, we can sue them and win lots of money,” Mr. Trump said. “We’re going to open up those libel laws. So when The New York Times writes a hit piece which is a total disgrace or when The Washington Post, which is there for other reasons, writes a hit piece, we can sue them and win money instead of having no chance of winning because they’re totally protected.”
It is indeed hard for public figures to win libel suits. They have to prove that something false was said about them, that it harmed their reputation and that the writer acted with “actual malice.” That last term is misleading, as it has nothing to do with the ordinary meaning of malice in the sense of spite or ill will.
To prove actual malice, a libel plaintiff must show that the writer knew the disputed statement was false or had acted with “reckless disregard.” That second phrase is also a term of art. The Supreme Court has said that it requires proof that the writer entertained serious doubts about the truth of the statement.
That is a high bar, and public figures rarely file libel suits and seldom win them.
No. Libel law is a state-law tort, meaning that state courts and state legislatures have defined its contours.
Since the Supreme Court’s 1964 decision in New York Times v. Sullivan, the Supreme Court has placed constitutional limits on how states can define libel, notably by requiring public officials and, later, public figures to prove actual malice. That protection was needed, Justice William J. Brennan Jr. wrote, to vindicate a “profound national commitment to the principle that debate on public issues should be uninhibited, robust and wide-open.”
Such debate, Justice Brennan wrote, “may well include vehement, caustic and sometimes unpleasantly sharp attacks on government and public officials.”
Changing New York Times v. Sullivan would require either the Supreme Court to overrule it or a constitutional amendment. Neither is remotely likely, though Mr. Trump could try to appoint Supreme Court justices who would vote to overturn the precedent.
Last week, at his Supreme Court confirmation hearings, Judge Gorsuch was asked about New York Times v. Sullivan by Senator Amy Klobuchar, Democrat of Minnesota. She wanted to know whether “the First Amendment would permit public officials to sue the media under any standard less demanding than actual malice?”
Judge Gorsuch, cagey when asked about other precedents, seemed comfortable with this.
“New York Times v. Sullivan was, as you say, a landmark decision and it changed pretty dramatically the law of defamation and libel in this country,” he said. “Rather than the common law of defamation and libel, applicable normally for a long time, the Supreme Court said the First Amendment has special meaning and protection when we’re talking about the media, the press in covering public officials, public actions and indicated that a higher standard of proof was required in any defamation or libel claim. Proof of actual malice is required to state a claim.”
“That’s been the law of the land for, gosh, 50, 60 years.”
Beyond the actual malice rule, Mr. Trump would have to prove injury to his reputation. As Judge Gorsuch put it in a 2011 opinion, libel law is “about protecting a good reputation honestly earned.”
The state of Mr. Trump’s reputation arose during the presidential campaign, when his lawyers asked for a retraction of an article in The Times that reported on complaints from two women who said Mr. Trump had touched them inappropriately.
Mr. Trump’s lawyers called the article libelous and seemed to threaten to sue. David McCraw, a lawyer for The Times, responded that Mr. Trump’s reputation was too tarnished to allow a successful libel suit.
“The essence of a libel claim, of course, is the protection of one’s reputation,” Mr. McCraw wrote. But Mr. Trump’s reputation in this area, Mr. McCraw said, could not have been harmed by The Times’s report in light of, for instance, Mr. Trump’s own statements about groping women.
“Nothing in our article has had the slightest effect on the reputation that Mr. Trump, through his own words and actions, has already created for himself,” Mr. McCraw wrote.
So far, there has been no lawsuit filed over the article.
“We continue to be extremely proud of our coverage of the Trump administration, which has been tough and fair, as it should be,” said Eileen Murphy, a Times spokeswoman.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Senate Republicans, aided by Vice President Mike Pence and an ailing Georgia colleague who gingerly made his way to the Capitol with the aid of a wheelchair and a walker, voted Thursday to undo an Obama administration rule preventing states from blocking funding for family planning clinics that also provide abortions.
The vote was one of a string of showdowns to reverse Obama-era regulations, but this one unfolded with all the drama of numerous past conflicts over abortion funding — with Mr. Pence casting the tiebreaking vote in his role as president of the Senate.
“Today, Congress is sending a resolution to President Trump ensuring that states are not forced to fund America’s abortion giant, Planned Parenthood, with Title X tax dollars,” said Marjorie Dannenfelser, president of the Susan B. Anthony List, a prominent anti-abortion group.
Taking money away from Planned Parenthood, the bill’s target, has been a longstanding goal of congressional Republicans, but earlier efforts were blocked by Democrats and President Barack Obama. Even with Republicans in full control of Washington, however, the process was not easy.
The measure fell under a somewhat obscure and, until recently, rarely used Congressional Review Act that allows a new Congress to undo late actions of a previous presidential administration during the first few months of the year.
It returns to the states the power to exclude health care centers that perform abortions from receiving Title X money set aside for family planning and related preventive health services for women. Title X grants cover contraception, as well as cancer and other disease screenings and treatments, but they cannot, under current federal law, be used to pay for abortion services.
Democrats all voted against the bill, as did two Republican senators, Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska. Ms. Collins and Ms. Murkowski have long opposed attacks on funding Planned Parenthood, which they argue provides services for women in areas with scarce health care options.
Senator Johnny Isakson, Republican of Georgia, who returned after two back surgeries, was cleared by his doctors to travel for one day only to help pass the measure, but it took the final vote of Mr. Pence to break the 50-50 tie. The measure will now head to the desk of Mr. Trump, a onetime supporter of Planned Parenthood who adopted an anti-abortion rights position during the campaign.
Democrats excoriated the measure on the Senate floor. “Historically low teen pregnancy rates did not happen in a vacuum,” said Senator Gary Peters, Democrat of Michigan. The measure, he said, “will disproportionately hurt people in rural and underserved areas where these clinics are more often than not their primary source of health care.”
Mr. Pence was also forced to travel to the Capitol earlier in the day for a procedural vote that opened debate on the bill.
The final vote remained open for more than an hour as aides waited for Mr. Isakson. He finally arrived in a wheelchair and was transferred to a walker so he could make his way into the Senate chamber and, flanked by Senate pages, give a thumbs up as an “aye.” Mr. Pence then swept in to break the tie.
A handful of Democrats stood on the floor, taking in the scene. “It will take one Republican this afternoon on the final vote to say yes for the women in their state,” said Senator Patty Murray, Democrat of Washington. “That’s all we’re asking. For the women of this country.”
The Democrats could find no other Republicans to join them. But Republicans were also scarce in defending the bill on the floor before it passed.
“The deafening silence from the group of almost entirely male Republican senators are voting today to make it harder for women to get health care they need,” Ms. Murray said. “Not one spoke today to justify this vote.
“Where were those Republican senators today, Mr. President?” she added. “Why did they feel so entitled, not just to interfere with women’s health care decisions, but to do so without explaining themselves? If they are ashamed of their votes today, which they should be, they had ample opportunity to reconsider.”
After the vote, Senator Joni Ernst, Republican of Iowa, did give a speech praising the measure, one of the few that Republicans have been able to pass in recent years concerning abortion providers.
“It should be the right of our states to allocate sub-grants under the Title X program in the way that best fits the needs of the people living there,” she said. “Unfortunately, like many other rules issued during the Obama administration, this rule attempted to empower federal bureaucrats in Washington and silence our states.”
A showdown over Planned Parenthood could occur next month when Congress moves to pass a measure to finance the government for the rest of the year. Ms. Collins and Ms. Murkowski have resisted these moves, saying that family planning clinics provide essential care for women.
“Mike Pence went from yesterday’s forum on empowering women to, today, leading a group of male politicians in a vote to take away access to birth control and cancer screenings,” said Dawn Laguens, executive vice president of the Planned Parenthood Federation of America. “People are sick and tired of politicians making it even harder for them to access health care, and they will not stand for it.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — A pair of White House officials helped provide Representative Devin Nunes of California, a Republican and the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, with the intelligence reports that showed that President Trump and his associates were incidentally swept up in foreign surveillance by American spy agencies.
The revelation on Thursday that White House officials disclosed the reports, which Mr. Nunes then discussed with Mr. Trump, is likely to fuel criticism that the intelligence chairman has been too eager to do the bidding of the Trump administration while his committee is supposed to be conducting an independent investigation of Russia’s meddling in the presidential election.
It is the latest twist of a bizarre Washington drama that began after dark on March 21, when Mr. Nunes got a call from a person he has described only as a source. The call came as he was riding across town in an Uber car, and he quickly diverted to the White House. The next day, Mr. Nunes gave a hastily arranged news conference before going to brief Mr. Trump on what he had learned the night before from — as it turns out — White House officials.
The chain of events — and who helped provide the intelligence to Mr. Nunes — was detailed to The New York Times by four American officials.
Since disclosing the existence of the intelligence reports, Mr. Nunes has refused to identify his sources, saying he needed to protect them so others would feel safe going to the committee with sensitive information. In his public comments, he has described his sources as whistle-blowers trying to expose wrongdoing at great risk to themselves.
That does not appear to be the case. Several current American officials identified the White House officials as Ezra Cohen-Watnick, the senior director for intelligence at the National Security Council, and Michael Ellis, a lawyer who works on national security issues at the White House Counsel’s Office and was previously counsel to Mr. Nunes’s committee. Though neither has been accused of breaking any laws, they do appear to have sought to use intelligence to advance the political goals of the Trump administration.
Sean Spicer, the White House spokesman, refused to confirm or deny at his daily briefing that Mr. Ellis and Mr. Cohen-Watnick were Mr. Nunes’s sources. The administration’s concern was the substance of the intelligence reports, not how they ended up in Mr. Nunes’s hands, Mr. Spicer said.
The “obsession with who talked to whom, and when, is not the answer,” Mr. Spicer said. “It should be the substance.”
Jack Langer, a spokesman for Mr. Nunes, said in a statement, “As he’s stated many times, Chairman Nunes will not confirm or deny speculation about his source’s identity, and he will not respond to speculation from anonymous sources.”
Mr. Cohen-Watnick, 30, is a former Defense Intelligence Agency official who served on the Trump transition team and was originally brought to the White House by Michael T. Flynn, the former national security adviser.
He was nearly pushed out of his job this month by Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster, who replaced Mr. Flynn as national security adviser, but survived after the intervention of Jared Kushner, the president’s son-in-law, and Stephen K. Bannon, Mr. Trump’s chief strategist.
The officials who detailed the newly disclosed White House role said that this month, shortly after Mr. Trump claimed on Twitter that he was wiretapped during the campaign on the orders of President Barack Obama, Mr. Cohen-Watnick began reviewing highly classified reports detailing the intercepted communications of foreign officials.
There were conflicting accounts of what prompted Mr. Cohen-Watnick to dig into the intelligence. One official with direct knowledge of the events said Mr. Cohen-Watnick began combing through intelligence reports this month in an effort to find evidence that would justify Mr. Trump’s Twitter posts about wiretapping.
But another person who was briefed on the events said Mr. Cohen-Watnick came upon the information as he was reviewing how widely intelligence reports on intercepts were shared within the American spy agencies. He then alerted the N.S.C. general counsel, but the official said Mr. Cohen-Watnick was not the person who showed the reports to Mr. Nunes.
That person and a third official said it was then Mr. Ellis who allowed Mr. Nunes to view the material.
The intelligence reports consisted primarily of ambassadors and other foreign officials talking about how they were trying to develop contacts within Mr. Trump’s family and inner circle before his inauguration, officials said.
The officials all spoke on the condition of anonymity to describe the intelligence and to avoid angering Mr. Cohen-Watnick and Mr. Ellis. Officials say Mr. Cohen-Watnick has been reviewing the reports from his fourth-floor office in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building, where the National Security Council is based.
The officials’ description of the intelligence is in line with Mr. Nunes’s characterization of the material, which he said was not related to the Russia investigations when he first disclosed its existence.
According to Mr. Nunes, who served on the Trump transition team, he met his source on the grounds of the White House. He said he needed a secure location where people with security clearances could legally view classified information, though such facilities could also be found in the Capitol building and at other locations across Washington.
The next day, Mr. Nunes gave a news briefing at the Capitol and then returned to the White House to brief Mr. Trump on the information before telling other committee members about what he had reviewed. His actions have fueled criticism that the committee, under his leadership, is unable to conduct a serious, independent investigation.
On Thursday, Representative Adam B. Schiff of California, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said he needed clarification on whether White House officials had pursued “a circuitous route” to feed Mr. Nunes the materials so he could then hand them to Mr. Trump.
“If that was designed to hide the origin of the materials, that raises profound questions about just what the White House is doing that need to be answered,” he said. He later said he accepted an invitation on Thursday to review the same materials that Mr. Nunes had seen.
Yet even before Thursday, the view among Democrats and even some Republicans was that Mr. Nunes was given access to the intelligence reports to divert attention from the investigations into Russian meddling, and to bolster Mr. Trump’s debunked claims of having been wiretapped.
On both counts, Mr. Nunes appears to have succeeded: The House inquiry into Russian meddling that he is leading has descended into a sideshow since he disclosed the information, and the administration has portrayed his information as vindicating the president’s wiretapping claims.
Yet Mr. Nunes has dismissed Democratic calls to step aside. Instead, he has canceled all committee hearings for now, stalling his own investigation, which opened last week with a hearing during which James B. Comey, the director of the F.B.I., publicly disclosed that the bureau’s investigation into Russian meddling included an examination of any evidence that Trump associates had colluded in the effort.
The chaotic situation prompted the leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee, which is running its own investigation, to bluntly state on Wednesday that their work had nothing to do with the House inquiry. And television news programs have been dominated by arguments about whether the incidental intelligence gathering of Mr. Trump and his associates was the real issue, or simply a distraction from the Russia investigations.
Mr. Nunes has acknowledged that the incidental intelligence gathering on Trump associates last year was not necessarily unlawful, and that it was not specifically directed at Mr. Trump or people close to him. American intelligence agencies typically monitor foreign officials of allied and hostile countries, and they routinely sweep up communications linked to Americans who may be taking part in the conversation or are being spoken about.
The real issue, Mr. Nunes has said, was that he could figure out the identities of Trump associates from reading reports about intercepted communications that were shared among Obama administration officials with top security clearances.
He said some Trump associates were also identified by name in the reports. Normally, intelligence agencies mask the identities of American citizens who are incidentally present in intercepted communications, though knowledgeable readers can often figure out the identities in context.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump launched a vengeful tirade against conservatives in his own party on Thursday in an attempt to kick-start health care talks and show that he remains a force to be feared in the looming battles over the budget, a tax overhaul and infrastructure.
In an early morning Twitter attack, Mr. Trump singled out members of the House Freedom Caucus, which scuttled his health care overhaul last week. “The Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they don’t get on the team, & fast,” he wrote. “We must fight them, & Dems, in 2018!”
He continued on Twitter throughout the day, naming individual members of the caucus, likening them to Democrats and urging other Republicans to “fight them” in the 2018 midterm elections if they do not back his agenda.
But the Republican upstarts hardly cowered in the face of Mr. Trump’s criticism. They struck back, some of them ridiculing the president, using his own taunting and confrontational social media style.
“Stockholm Syndrome?” Representative Tom Garrett of Virginia asked on Twitter, suggesting that the president had become captive to the Republican establishment he attacked during the campaign.
“It’s a swamp not a hot tub. We both came here to drain it. #SwampCare polls 17%. Sad!” wrote Representative Thomas Massie of Kentucky, who often sides with the caucus on votes, mocking the president’s drain-the-swamp campaign pledge.
This was the moment when Mr. Trump, riding a wave of populist anger, was supposed to be at his most fearsome — enforcing discipline on his fragmented party. But in the wake of last week’s stunning defeat of legislation to replace the Affordable Care Act, which further eroded his already flagging poll numbers, Mr. Trump has made an abrupt shift from courting his party’s most conservative lawmakers to hurling threats at them, a vivid illustration of his difficulties uniting a still-riven Republican Party.
“Intimidation may work with some in the short term, but it never really works in the long run,” said Representative Mark Sanford of South Carolina, who opposed the health overhaul pushed by the White House and written by House Speaker Paul D. Ryan.
Mr. Trump and his team believe the Twitter attacks will re-establish his tough-guy leverage in coming negotiations. It also has the added virtue of allowing the most expressive of presidents to give voice to his anger.
And they were not done out of impulse. Mr. Trump’s advisers have become more involved in his free-form Twitter feed in the last few weeks, ever since his impetuous, conspiratorial posts about President Barack Obama’s supposedly wiretapping his phones touched off a still-running controversy.
Stephen K. Bannon, Mr. Trump’s chief strategist, has counseled a tough tone with the rebels, instructing his staff to use Twitter as a rhetorical prod to keep the party in line. Dan Scavino, an aide who controls Mr. Trump’s official White House Twitter account, recently moved into Mr. Bannon’s West Wing office, where he closely monitors social activity by and about the president, according to two officials.
A handful of people have always had access to Mr. Trump’s personal Twitter account, but in the weeks since the president’s accusation against his predecessor, there has been a stricter imposition by aides to make sure there is a strategic imperative behind his posts, according to two people briefed on the process.
The cannon blasts at the House Freedom Caucus followed nearly a week of the president’s stewing about the debacle over his failed health care effort. He did not take the loss especially well. His aides quickly began discussions about reopening negotiations that would at least demonstrate a commitment to what in the past has been one of his party’s most urgent priorities.
The House Freedom Caucus came away from the health care fight feeling emboldened, and Mr. Trump’s senior advisers are now mindful of the need to slow any momentum the group has going into other legislative battles, including the budget fight just four weeks away.
The health care bill that the many House members rejected was extremely unpopular. Only 17 percent of Americans — and 41 percent of Republicans — supported the proposal, according to a Quinnipiac poll released last week.
Presidents — from Franklin D. Roosevelt to Mr. Obama — have said they would campaign against rebels in their own parties, and the threats have mostly been empty. Mr. Trump seems especially ill-equipped to follow through, senior Republicans say. Beyond blustery Twitter messages, he has so far not shown even a willingness to take them on.
In the mostly conservative House districts where Mr. Trump could target lawmakers, voters are likely to be more in sync with their representatives, who felt that the rollback of the law did not go far enough, than their president, who simply wanted a win.
When Mr. Sanford, fresh off helping torpedo his party’s health care bill, showed up at a Berkeley County Republican meeting in South Carolina on Saturday, he was met with applause and praise.
“It’s fairly banal,” said Representative David Schweikert, Republican of Arizona and a member of the caucus, said of Mr. Trump’s attack. “We are used to it. It goes with the job. He is not the first president who has attacked us, just the first from our own party.”
If the back and forth between Mr. Trump and the House hard-liners inflamed tensions between the president and some of his most loyal, if not exactly ideologically aligned, congressional supporters, it bound the president more closely to Mr. Ryan, reinforcing the most unlikely of shotgun political marriages.
“I understand the president’s frustration,” Mr. Ryan told reporters on Thursday when asked about the president’s morning Twitter attack. “I share frustration.”
All week, the White House lurched between battering conservatives and trying to win them over. On Wednesday — about 18 hours before Mr. Trump’s Twitter blast — senior officials invited two dozen leaders from conservative groups for a closed-door session to plot a path ahead.
Participants, who were instructed by the organizers of the event not to divulge details of the meeting, or even the groups attending, described the hourlong session as a welcome but long overdue policy discussion. It included a candid, polite airing of complaints that they have been largely left out of the loop on major administration decision making, according to people who attended.
The meeting, put together by Mr. Trump’s conservative outreach director, Paul Teller, at the request of conservatives, included representatives of the Heritage Foundation, Americans for Limited Government and Judicial Watch, all of whom were critical of some administration policies, including the health bill.
Thomas Fitton, the president of Judicial Watch — a conservative legal advocacy group that successfully sued the Obama administration for the release of Hillary Clinton’s State Department emails — made a pointed pitch for the release of all documents pertaining to Russia’s interference in the election campaign controversy, according to people who attended the session in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building beside the White House.
Mr. Fitton, the participants said, told Mr. Teller that the president needed to be committed to a policy of extreme transparency about contacts between Russian government officials and Trump associates during the 2016 campaign, including Michael T. Flynn, the former national security adviser, and Jared Kushner, Mr. Trump’s son-in-law.
He also asked Mr. Teller and other administration officials present to more rapidly approve bottled-up Freedom of Information requests about Russia and other topics — likening the foot-dragging on legally mandated disclosure to what he said was the Obama administration’s flouting of immigration laws.
An activist in attendance said that Mr. Teller nodded, took notes and was noncommittal.
Mr. Trump’s targeting of the Freedom Caucus came on a day of an unexpected change in his senior staff. Katie Walsh, a deputy to Reince Priebus, the White House chief of staff, announced her sudden departure after less than three months on the job to work for a “super PAC” allied with Mr. Trump. The White House offered no explanation for the timing of her departure.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — On the fourth floor of the Eisenhower Executive Office Building, the staff of the White House chief technology officer has been virtually deleted, down from 24 members before the election to, by Friday, only one.
Scores of departures by scientists and Silicon Valley technology experts who advised President Trump’s predecessor have all but wiped out the larger White House Office of Science and Technology Policy.
Mr. Trump has not yet named his top advisers on technology or science, and so far, has made just one hire: Michael Kratsios, the former chief of staff for Peter Thiel, the Silicon Valley investor and one of the president’s wealthiest supporters, as the deputy chief technology officer.
Neither Mr. Kratsios, who has a bachelor’s degree in political science from Princeton, nor anyone else still working in the science and technology office regularly participates in Mr. Trump’s daily briefings, as they did for President Barack Obama.
“The impression this leaves is that Trump isn’t interested in science and that scientific matters are a low priority at the White House,” said Vinton G. Cerf, a computer scientist, vice president of Google and one of the chief architects of the internet. The dwindling of the White House science and technology staff for scientific research could have long-term consequences, Mr. Cerf said.
It is unclear whether the vacancies are the result of the Trump administration’s overall slowness in hiring or a signal that the president places less importance on science and technology than Mr. Obama did.
A White House official who asked not to be identified cast the issue as one of timing: Mr. Trump, the official said, is still reviewing candidates to be his chief science adviser, considers the science and technology office important and will soon have a new staff for it.
But critics see the empty offices as part of a devaluation of science throughout the Trump administration, including the reversal of Mr. Obama’s climate change policies and proposals to sharply reduce spending for research on climate change, science and health. They note that Mr. Obama appointed his top science adviser, John P. Holdren, a Harvard physicist and climate-change expert, in December 2008, weeks before his inauguration.
At the same time, conservatives — including a member of Mr. Trump’s transition team — have called for getting rid of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy. (The chief technology officer is a part of that larger office.) They argue that the office, created by Congress in 1976, is a bloated bureaucracy that duplicates expertise already found at government agencies.
“Eliminating the O.S.T.P. (or at least electing not to staff it until Congress can act) would not block the president from access to science and technology advice,” James Jay Carafano, who advised Mr. Trump’s transition team, wrote in a report issued last summer by the conservative Heritage Foundation. “Rather, it eliminates a formal office whose purpose is unclear and whose capabilities are largely redundant.”
Mr. Trump has echoed that sentiment, at least when it comes to government jobs over all.
Last month he responded to criticism about the high number of vacancies across his administration by telling Fox News that “a lot of those jobs, I don’t want to appoint, because they’re unnecessary to have.”
“You know, we have so many people in government, even me,” Mr. Trump said. “I look at some of the jobs and it’s people over people over people. I say, ‘What do all these people do?’ You don’t need all those jobs.”
If Mr. Trump applies that logic to the science and technology office, he will end decades of tradition in which the president increasingly relied on his own advisers for expertise on federal research budgets, emerging trends and technical crises.
Mr. Trump’s first budget proposes slashing $5.8 billion, or 18 percent, from the National Institutes of Health and $900 million, or about 20 percent, from the Energy Department’s Office of Science, which runs basic research at the national laboratories. The Environmental Protection Agency would be cut by 31 percent.
On Tuesday, Mr. Trump issued executive orders that roll back Mr. Obama’s Clean Power Plan, which would have closed hundreds of coal-fired power plants in an effort to curb planet-warming carbon dioxide emissions.
Those actions have been taken without advice or guidance from scientists and engineers inside the White House. The few remaining policy advisers have ceased distributing daily memos on policy issues like climate change, machine-learning regulation, or the ethics of big data collection.
“They are flying blind when it comes to science and tech issues,” said Kumar Garg, who left the Office of Science and Technology Policy as a senior adviser after the election.
There is no question that the science and technology bureaucracy at the White House expanded in recent years. In the George W. Bush administration, there were 50 people in the office, but Mr. Obama more than doubled the staff, to 130, and moved the office into a building on the White House grounds.
Mr. Obama turned to the science office during crises like the 2014 Ebola outbreak in Africa; the 2011 nuclear spill in Fukushima, Japan; and the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico in 2010.
The staff of the science office developed the White House’s recommendations for regulation of commercial drones and driverless cars at the Transportation Department. Last year, the staff produced an attention-grabbing report that raised concerns about the threat that robots posed to employment and that advocated retraining Americans for higher-skilled jobs. The staff also put on the annual White House science fair.
In 2011, when lawmakers proposed an online piracy bill known as the Stop Online Piracy Act, internet architecture engineers on the team advised the president to veto the bill because of security and privacy issues it would create.
“The agenda was always huge in scope and ambition, and something was always happening,” said Nicole Wong, a former deputy chief technology officer under Mr. Obama.
The departure of science and technology experts from the White House means dozens of science and technology programs begun under Mr. Obama have gone untended in the weeks since Inauguration Day.
“The O.S.T.P. is the conduit for scientific perspective and scrutiny to the president and is a priority in White House decision making,” said Danny Weitzner, a former deputy chief technology officer in the Obama administration and now the director of internet policy research at M.I.T.
Under Mr. Obama, the science and technology office included 19 policy advisers in the environment and energy division, 14 in the national security and international affairs division, nine in the science division and 20 in the technology and innovation division.
“We are all sitting on the edge of our seats hoping nothing catastrophic happens in the world,” said Phil Larson, a former senior science and technology adviser to Mr. Obama. “But if it does, who is going to be advising him?”
Current White House officials declined to say how many people remained in each division. But four former officials who recently left the office said that a wave of departures scheduled for Friday could potentially reduce the number of people left to a handful, not counting about eight administrative staff members.



ARTICLE
HONOLULU — A federal judge in Hawaii decided Wednesday to extend his order blocking President Trump’s travel ban.
The judge, Derrick Watson of Federal District Court, issued the longer-lasting hold on the ban just hours after hearing arguments.
Hawaii says the policy discriminates against Muslims and hurts the state’s tourist-dependent economy. The implied message in the revised ban is like a “neon sign flashing ‘Muslim ban, Muslim ban,’” that the government didn’t bother to turn off, the state’s attorney general, Douglas Chin, told the judge.
Extending the temporary order until the state’s lawsuit is resolved will ensure the constitutional rights of Muslim citizens across the U.S. are vindicated after “repeated stops and starts of the last two months,” the state has said.
The government says the ban falls within the president’s power to protect national security. Hawaii has made only generalized concerns about its effect on students and tourism, a Department of Justice lawyer, Chad Readler, told the judge via telephone.
The Trump administration had asked Judge Watson to narrow his ruling to cover only the part of Mr. Trump’s executive order that suspends new visas for people from six Muslim-majority countries. Mr. Readler said a freeze on the United States refugee program had no effect on Hawaii.
Judge Watson rejected that argument, preventing the administration from halting the flow of refugees.
Judge Watson said in court that the government only argued for that narrower interpretation after a federal judge in Maryland blocked the six-nation travel ban but said it was not clear that the refugee suspension was similarly motivated by religious bias.
The judge noted that the government said 20 refugees were resettled in Hawaii since 2010.
“Is this a mathematical exercise that 20 isn’t enough? ... What do I make of that?” the judge asked Mr. Readler.
The government lawyer replied that 20 is simply a small number of refugees.
“In whose judgment?” Judge Watson asked.
Hawaii was the first state to sue over Mr. Trump’s revised ban. The imam of a Honolulu mosque joined the challenge, arguing that the ban would prevent his Syrian mother-in-law from visiting family in Hawaii.
In his arguments, Mr. Chin quoted Mr. Trump’s comments that the revised travel ban is a “watered down” version of the original. “We cannot fault the president for being politically incorrect, but we do fault him for being constitutionally incorrect,” Mr. Chin said.
Earlier this month, Judge Watson prevented the federal government from suspending new visas for people from Somalia, Iran, Syria, Sudan, Libya and Yemen and freezing the nation’s refugee program. His ruling came just hours before the federal government planned to start enforcing Mr. Trump’s executive order.
Mr. Trump called Judge Watson’s previous ruling an example of “unprecedented judicial overreach.”
Hawaii’s ruling would not be directly affected by a decision siding with the federal government in the Maryland case, legal experts said. The United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit set a hearing for May 8 to consider the administration’s appeal.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Scott Pruitt, the head of the Environmental Protection Agency, moved late on Wednesday to reject the scientific conclusion of the agency’s own chemical safety experts who under the Obama administration recommended that one of the nation’s most widely used insecticides be permanently banned at farms nationwide because of the harm it potentially causes children and farm workers.
The ruling by Mr. Pruitt, in one of his first formal actions as the nation’s top environmental official, rejected a petition filed a decade ago by two environmental groups that had asked that the agency ban all uses of chlorpyrifos. The chemical was banned in 2000 for use in most household settings, but still today is used at about 40,000 farms on about 50 different types of crops, ranging from almonds to apples.
Late last year, and based in part on research conducted at Columbia University, E.P.A. scientists concluded that exposure to the chemical that has been in use since 1965 was potentially causing significant health consequences. They included learning and memory declines, particularly among farm workers and young children who may be exposed through drinking water and other sources.
But Dow Chemical, which sells the product under the trade name Lorsban, along with farm groups that use it, had argued that the science demonstrating that chlorpyrifos caused such harm is inconclusive — especially when properly used to kill crop-spoiling insects.
An E.P.A. scientific review panel made up of academic experts last July also had raised questions about some of the conclusions the chemical safety staff had reached. That led the staff to revise the way it had justified its findings of harm, although the agency employees as of late last year still concluded that the chemical should be banned.
Mr. Pruitt, in an announcement issued Wednesday night, said the agency needed to study the science more.
“We need to provide regulatory certainty to the thousands of American farms that rely on chlorpyrifos, while still protecting human health and the environment,” Mr. Pruitt said in his statement. “By reversing the previous administration’s steps to ban one of the most widely used pesticides in the world, we are returning to using sound science in decision-making — rather than predetermined results.”
The United States Department of Agriculture, which works close with the nation’s farmers, supported Mr. Pruitt’s action.
“It means that this important pest management tool will remain available to growers, helping to ensure an abundant and affordable food supply for this nation,” Sheryl Kunickis, director of the U.S.D.A. Office of Pest Management Policy, said in a statement Wednesday.
Dow Agrosciences, the division that sells the product, also praised the ruling, calling it in a statement “the right decision for farmers who, in about 100 countries, rely on the effectiveness of chlorpyrifos to protect more than 50 crops.”
But Jim Jones, who ran the chemical safety unit at the E.P.A. for five years, and spent more than 20 years working there until he left the agency in January when President Trump took office, said he was disappointed by Mr. Pruitt’s action.
“They are ignoring the science that is pretty solid,” Mr. Jones said, adding that he believed the ruling would put farm workers and exposed children at unnecessary risk.
The ruling is, in some ways, more consequential than the higher profile move by Mr. Trump on Tuesday to order the start of rolling back Obama administration rules related to coal-burning power plants and climate change.
In rejecting the pesticide ban, Mr. Pruitt took what is known as a “final agency action” on the question of the safety and use of chlorpyrifos, suggesting that the matter would not likely be revisited until 2022, the next time the E.P.A. is formally required to re-evaluate the safety of the pesticide.
Mr. Pruitt’s move was immediately condemned by environmental groups, which said it showed that the Trump administration cared more about catering to the demands of major corporate players, like Dow Chemical, than the health and safety of families nationwide.
“We have a law that requires the E.P.A. to ban pesticides that it cannot determine are safe, and the E.P.A. has repeatedly said this pesticide is not safe,” said Patti Goldman, managing attorney at Earthjustice, a San Francisco-based environmental group that serves as the legal team for the Natural Resources Defense Council and the Pesticide Action Network of North America, which filed the petition in 2007 to ban the product.
The agency had been under court order to issue a ruling on the petition by Friday. The environmental groups intend to return to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco to ask judges to order the agency to “take action to protect children from this pesticide” Ms. Goldman said on Wednesday.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Melania Trump has been a spectral presence since her husband became president. But on Wednesday, the first lady stepped out of the shadows, speaking out on behalf of women who battle gender discrimination and violence around the world.
“Wherever women are diminished, the entire world is diminished with them,” Mrs. Trump said at a ceremony at the State Department that honored 13 women who have faced rapists, acid-wielding attackers and the prejudiced courts that often protect them.
Speaking softly but firmly, from a teleprompter, Mrs. Trump challenged the members of her audience to put themselves in the shoes of these women — victims of domestic abuse, gender bias, or violence — who fought laws and social norms that sought to perpetuate the injustice.
“Ask yourself if you would have the fortitude of spirit, the courage of your convictions, and the enormous inner strength required to stand up and fight against such overwhelming odds,” Mrs. Trump said, gesturing to the women, from Yemen to Sri Lanka, arrayed behind her.
“Together,” she said, “we must declare that the era of allowing the brutality against women and children is over, while affirming that the time for empowering women around the world is now.”
It was a pointed message for Mrs. Trump to deliver given the tumultuous last weeks of the 2016 campaign, when Donald J. Trump came under withering fire for his crude language about women after the release of a 10-year-old video from the television program “Access Hollywood.”
Mrs. Trump’s speech was her first since becoming first lady, apart from brief remarks at another women’s event at the White House.
When previous first ladies like Michelle Obama and Hillary Clinton addressed this theme, it inspired some of their most impassioned, memorable speeches.
In 1995, Mrs. Clinton famously told a United Nations women’s conference in Beijing that “women’s rights are human rights and human rights are women’s rights.”
Last October, in New Hampshire, Mrs. Obama delivered a scathing indictment of Mr. Trump, who was then still a candidate, for his record of crude statements about women.
Mrs. Trump did not mention the president in her eight minutes of remarks. But she left little doubt she believes the White House should act as a guardian of women’s rights around the world.
“Together with the international community,” she said, “the United States must send a clear message that we are watching.”
“As leaders of our shared global community,” Mrs. Trump said, “we must continue to work towards gender empowerment and respect for people from all backgrounds and ethnicities, remembering always that we are all ultimately members of one race, the human race.”
For Mrs. Trump, the appearance marked a period of greater visibility, after several weeks when she spent much of her time in New York with the Trumps’ son, Barron, who is in school there.
Stephanie Grisham, Ms. Trump’s new communications director, noted that the first lady had taken part in Mr. Trump’s visits with foreign leaders, including Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan.
She has also visited schools and children’s hospitals, Ms. Grisham said, and looked forward to playing host for the White House Easter egg roll on April 17.
Whether intentional or not, the first lady’s speech kicked off a day in which the White House reached out to women, and sought to make amends for bruised feelings. At the daily White House news briefing, Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, called first on April Ryan, the White House correspondent for American Urban Radio Networks. On Tuesday Mr. Spicer had a tense exchange with Ms. Ryan, who is African-American, which culminated with him ordering her to stop shaking her head during one of his answers.
“How are you today?” a solicitous Mr. Spicer asked Ms. Ryan, who said she was fine.
A few hours later, Mrs. Trump was on hand when her husband marked the end of Women’s History Month by showing up at a panel in the East Room devoted to women’s issues, in which female members of his cabinet were taking part. Mr. Trump praised “the legendary Abigail Adams” and Susan B. Anthony. “Have you heard of Susan B. Anthony?” he asked with a grin.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Betsy DeVos, in her first extended policy address as education secretary, argued on Wednesday for an expansion of school choice programs, pointing to lagging test scores and a program championed by the Obama administration that funneled billions into low-performing schools but failed to produce better academic outcomes.
Speaking at the Brookings Institution, which released a ranking of choice options in the country’s 100 largest school districts, Ms. DeVos made her case for choice policies that she said focused on the “individual child.” And she called for the rejection of an “us versus them mentality” when it comes to investing in programs, like charter schools and school vouchers, to which President Trump has proposed giving part of a $1.4 billion funding increase in the fiscal year that begins in October.
“Our nation’s commitment is to provide a quality education to every child to serve the greater public, common good,” Ms. DeVos said in her address. “Accordingly, we must shift the paradigm to think about education funding as investments made in individual children, not in institutions or buildings.”
While Ms. DeVos offered no new details about the Education Department’s budget — which in the president’s budget blueprint takes a $9 billion, or 13.5 percent, cut — she rejected the notion that money was a panacea for the challenges facing public schools.
She resurrected a report released by the Education Department in the final days of President Barack Obama’s administration, which showed that a program that funneled $7 billion into the nation’s worst-performing schools had little to no effect on academic results.
The report, which was issued in January and examined the impact of School Improvement Grants, found “no significant impacts” on “math or reading test scores, high school graduation or college enrollment of students.”
The grants were started under the George W. Bush administration, but received increased funding under the Obama administration in 2009.
“At what point do we accept the fact that throwing money at the problem isn’t the solution?” Ms. DeVos asked.
The Trump administration’s budget proposal includes $168 million in spending on charter schools and $250 million for providing families with vouchers to use at private schools. A $1 billion increase in Title 1 funding, which supports schools that serve high concentrations of low-income students, would be granted to districts that adopt policies considered trademarks of choice districts, like student-based budgeting and open enrollment.
Ms. DeVos offered no more details about how the new program would be structured, the size of individual vouchers or the families that would be eligible.
The administration’s plans have been derided by critics as potentially devastating for traditional public schools, which would lose students and money. The choice plan has especially drawn the ire of congressional Democrats, as well as Republicans who represent rural areas where alternatives to local schools are limited and where voters favor improvements to local public schools.
Ms. DeVos likened the opposition to the school choice movement to that of taxi companies that opposed ride-sharing companies like Uber and Lyft.
“Just as the traditional taxi system revolted against ride sharing, so too does the education establishment feel threatened by the rise of school choice,” Ms. DeVos said. “In both cases, the entrenched status quo has resisted models that empower individuals.”
Randi Weingarten, president of the American Federation of Teachers and a consistent critic of Ms. DeVos’s school choice ideology, took to Twitter to rebuke Ms. Devos’s ride-sharing analogy.
“Is she equating kids to cab riders & teachers are drivers?” Ms. Weingarten asked in her post. “Cab drivers are hard-working pros, but teachers have advanced degrees to teach.”
Ms. Weingarten also pointed out that Uber “is in turmoil.”
Ms. DeVos spoke at an event where Brookings highlighted districts that have strong infrastructures for choice. The research organization released its fifth annual Education Choice and Competition Index, which assigns a letter grade to 100 of the nation’s largest school districts based on the availability of school options, such as charters and private schools, or other vehicles, like voucher programs and open enrollment policies, for giving families access to schools beyond their neighborhoods. Districts were also assessed on measures like how easily families could gain access to information about school options and performance.
Denver topped the list for its mixture of schools and its accessible application process, followed by the Recovery School District in New Orleans, an all-charter district. New York City ranked third.
Russ Whitehurst, a senior Brookings fellow, said that while school choice was thriving, a vast majority of students — 81 percent in the nation’s largest districts — are in traditional public schools. Mr. Whitehurst said the report was not intended to endorse school choice.
“Choice is merely the precondition for new systems of delivering education,” Mr. Whitehurst said, “not a guarantee of success of those systems relative to the traditional school district model.”
When pressed by Mr. Whitehurst on whether choice policies could potentially produce even worse academic outcomes, Ms. DeVos pointed to test scores on the PISA (Program for International Student Assessment) and NAEP (National Assessment of Educational Progress), which she said have shown little progress.
“I’m not sure how they could get a lot worse on a nationwide basis than they are today,” she said.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Senators leading the investigation into Russian interference in the November election pledged on Wednesday to conduct an aggressive inquiry, including an examination of any ties to President Trump, as they sought to distance themselves from the flagging efforts in the House.
In a conspicuous show of bipartisanship during a fractious time at the Capitol, the top Republican and Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee vowed to forge ahead by interviewing key players connected to Mr. Trump and pressing intelligence agencies to provide all relevant information.
But their display of collegiality seemed intended primarily as a contrast to the explosive and often bewildering statements in recent days from the Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, Representative Devin Nunes of California, whose perceived closeness with the Trump White House has raised doubts about his ability to conduct an impartial investigation.
The chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, Richard M. Burr, Republican of North Carolina and a supporter of Mr. Trump during the campaign, suggested on Wednesday that he would not retreat from a process that could damage the reputation of a Republican president.
“This investigation’s scope will go wherever the intelligence leads,” Mr. Burr said during a rare joint news conference.
Asked later whether he had encountered any “direct links” between Mr. Trump and Russia’s interference, Mr. Burr was stern.
“We know that our challenge,” he said, “is to answer that question for the American people.”
The Senate investigation amounts to a credibility test for Republicans under the Trump administration — a chance to prove their willingness to ask uncomfortable questions of a Republican president, even if the answers might weaken his and the party’s standing.
Democrats are skeptical. But they are also mindful that the Senate most likely remains their best hope on Capitol Hill for gathering information, making them disinclined to abandon the Senate Intelligence Committee’s investigation. The F.B.I. is also investigating.
On Wednesday, Mr. Burr and his Democratic counterpart on the committee, Senator Mark Warner of Virginia, offered some evidence of what they had reviewed so far, saying they had begun to schedule the first of at least 20 interviews.
Mr. Warner drew attention to reports of perhaps 1,000 internet trolls in Russia generating fake news stories and targeting them at swing states like Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania. “Russia’s goal, Vladimir Putin’s goal, is a weaker United States,” he said.
Mr. Burr noted that Russians were now “actively involved” in the French elections. On Thursday, the committee will hold a public hearing on Russian influence on campaigns broadly.
The two also left little doubt that they viewed the House’s unruly process as an afterthought, one that should not reflect on their own efforts.
“Let me set the ground rules real quick,” Mr. Burr said before taking questions. “We’ll answer anything about the Senate Intelligence Committee’s investigation. We will not take questions on the House Intelligence Committee.”
Mr. Burr could not suppress a smirk. Mr. Warner laughed outright.
But the drama in the House has already complicated the Senate’s task, according to Senate committee members, leading the public to question congressional inquiries across the board.
“I worry that the chaos on the House side has affected the public’s view on whether Congress can credibly investigate this matter,” said Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine and a committee member. “I believe the answer to that is still yes, and that the Senate is the place.”
Lamenting the “debacle” in the House, Senator Kamala Harris, Democrat of California and another committee member, said she believed that “the public is now shifting to us.”
The congressional investigations are not related, but their focuses overlap, leaving the Senate panel to defend itself in the face of Mr. Nunes’s assorted claims. While a vast majority of Republicans in the House have stood by Mr. Nunes amid calls for him to recuse himself, his furtive maneuvering — including bypassing his committee to brief the White House about relevant intelligence — has placed House committee members in a difficult spot.
And at least one Republican lawmaker, Representative Charlie Dent of Pennsylvania, suggested on Wednesday that the Senate should take the lead on Congress’s investigation into ties between the president’s orbit and Russia.
The Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky, has long resisted calls for a special prosecutor or select committee, saying the Senate could do the job through regular protocol.
On the House side, a string of perplexing decisions by Mr. Nunes has threatened to unravel the panel’s investigation altogether. Last week, he abruptly announced that he had obtained information indicating that people associated with the Trump transition may have been “incidentally” caught up in legal surveillance of foreign operatives. He also bypassed the committee’s top Democrat, Representative Adam B. Schiff of California, to brief Mr. Trump.
The president seized on the information, misleadingly, as evidence for his thoroughly debunked claim that President Barack Obama had wiretapped Trump Tower — an allegation dismissed not only by senior law enforcement officials, like the F.B.I. director, James B. Comey, but also by the heads of the Senate and House investigations, including Mr. Nunes.
Another obstacle to bipartisanship came on Monday, with the revelation that Mr. Nunes had viewed what he characterized as “dozens” of reports containing classified information on the grounds of the White House.
Democrats fumed, their suspicions fueled by speculation that the source of Mr. Nunes’s information was a Trump administration official and that Mr. Nunes may have even coordinated with the White House. While Mr. Nunes defended himself by saying that he needed to be at the White House to view the sensitive documents in question, one can peruse sensitive information at the Capitol and at other spots around Washington.
Democrats have also chafed at Mr. Nunes’s shuffling of the hearing schedule. Earlier this month, with Mr. Schiff by his side, Mr. Nunes announced plans for three former officials to testify, a group that would include Sally Q. Yates, who briefly served as acting attorney general and alerted the administration that Michael T. Flynn, Mr. Trump’s former national security adviser, appeared to have lied about his contact with Russian officials.
Last week, Mr. Nunes scrapped that public hearing, arguing that the committee first needed more time to question intelligence leaders. But on Tuesday he said this hearing had been postponed as well — as The Washington Post reported that White House officials had tried to stymie Ms. Yates’s testimony. Democrats have accused Mr. Nunes of trying to stall not only the investigation but also the committee as a whole.
Mr. Warner said on Wednesday that he would “like to see Ms. Yates at some point” before his committee.
At the same time, the Senate investigation has not been blemish-free. Last month, Mr. Warner publicly scolded Mr. Burr after reports that Mr. Burr had spoken with the White House and engaged with news organizations to dispute reports that Trump associates had been in consistent contact with Russian intelligence operatives.
In an emailed statement on Wednesday, Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, took care to praise Mr. Warner — though not Mr. Burr — as he expressed confidence in the Senate inquiry.
“Mark Warner realizes the importance of the task in front of him, and is pursuing it diligently and smartly,” Mr. Schumer said. “That gives the Democrats a lot of faith that the process on the Senate side can work.”
At the news conference, Mr. Burr said that “contrary to maybe popular belief,” he and Mr. Warner were partners.
And he insisted that his party allegiance would not supersede the duties of his office.
“I’ll do something I’ve never done: I’ll admit that I voted for him,” Mr. Burr said of Mr. Trump. “But I’ve got a job in the United States Senate.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — At an unusual Supreme Court argument on Wednesday, the justices tried to sort out who was responsible for a notorious 1984 murder in Washington.
The legal question in the case was whether the convictions of seven defendants should be set aside because prosecutors had withheld evidence about another suspect. But the argument barely touched on legal principles. It was instead dominated by an intense effort to reconstruct what happened more than three decades ago.
Prosecutors had presented no physical evidence, relying on eyewitness testimony. It was enough to convict eight defendants, including one who has since died, of brutally assaulting and killing Catherine Fuller.
Twenty-five years after the trial, in 2010, lawyers for the defendants sought to reopen the case, saying their convictions had been tainted by violations of Brady v. Maryland, a 1963 Supreme Court decision that required prosecutors to turn over favorable evidence to the defense. They said prosecutors had withheld several kinds of evidence, most notably about another suspect, James McMillan.
Mr. McMillan had been seen near the scene of the crime. After Ms. Fuller’s murder but before the trial, Mr. McMillan was arrested and later convicted on charges of robbing and assaulting two other middle-age women in the neighborhood. (Later, Mr. McMillan was convicted of sexually assaulting and murdering a woman in 1992, a few blocks from the alley where Ms. Fuller was killed.)
Michael R. Dreeben, a lawyer for the federal government, told the justices that “the evidence of the third-party perpetrator that petitioners have now put before this court is weak and speculative.”
Under the Justice Department’s current practices, the evidence about Mr. McMillan would have been turned over, Mr. Dreeben said. But disclosing the evidence was not constitutionally required, he said, and it would have made no difference.
John S. Williams, a lawyer for several men challenging their convictions, said the trial would have been entirely different had defense lawyers been given the withheld evidence.
“If this information had been available to petitioners at trial,” he said, “they would have presented an alternative perpetrator’s theory that centered on this incredibly violent individual.”
Several justices had specific questions about the evidence in the two consolidated cases, Turner v. United States, No. 15-1503, and Overton v. United States, No. 15-1504.
Justice Anthony M. Kennedy asked, “Why, if McMillan was the perpetrator, would he have been hanging around the scene?”
Mr. Williams said he might have been trying to retrieve incriminating evidence. “Criminals are not clever,” he said.
Mr. Dreeben said there was a simple explanation for Mr. McMillan’s presence at the scene.
“What is he doing back there in the alley?” Mr. Dreeben asked. “He lives on the alley on Eighth Street. This is a shortcut to his house.”
Justice Sonia Sotomayor said the 1992 murder could not retroactively require disclosure of the withheld information, but Justice Elena Kagan said the similarities were nonetheless striking.
“The prosecutors did not know this, but in the end McMillan commits a crime very much like this,” she said.
Mr. Dreeben disputed that, saying the 1992 murder was not “a signature crime.”
Both the victim of that murder and Ms. Fuller had been dragged down an alley, died from blunt-force trauma to the head and torso, been found naked from the waist down and been anally sodomized. But Mr. McMillan had been convicted of sexual assault, Mr. Dreeben said, while the assault on Ms. Fuller, which he called torture, “involved an act with a pole.”
Mr. Williams said Mr. McMillan’s earlier crimes, known to prosecutors at the time of the trial, were “incredibly violent.”
“Specifically, his assault of a D.C. councilwoman, which took place in an alley, was so violent and so ferocious that the victim yelled murder,” he said.
Mr. Dreeben acknowledged that the councilwoman, Nadine Winter, had been terrified.
“I would be, too,” he said, “if somebody came up and hit me in the face and grabbed, you know, a briefcase and ran off with it. But they were snatch-and-grab purse snatchings.”
Justice Kagan asked a lawyer for one defendant for her reaction to an argument in the government’s brief that a witness “was not fabricating evidence, rather she was creating false corroboration for something that was true.”
The lawyer, Deanna M. Rice, gave a detailed response rooted in the complicated facts of the case, but Justice Kagan had been looking for something simpler.
“I would have said creating false corroboration is fabricating evidence,” Justice Kagan said.



ARTICLE
Ivanka Trump, the elder daughter of President Trump, is becoming an official government employee, joining her husband, Jared Kushner, in serving as an unpaid adviser to her father in the White House.
The announcement on Wednesday amounts to the formal recognition of the value Mr. Trump places on the judgment and loyalty of both his daughter and his son-in-law. While relying on family members for advice is hardly unusual for a president, giving them a formal role has few precedents.
Ms. Trump, 35, will be an assistant to the president; Mr. Kushner, 36, has the title of senior adviser.
When questions were raised about whether Mr. Kushner’s appointment violated federal anti-nepotism laws, the Justice Department wrote a memo in January concluding that the rules did not apply to the White House.
Ms. Trump said last week that she planned on serving as an informal adviser to her father, and she already has an office in the West Wing — upstairs from her husband’s. She was also in the process of receiving government-issued security clearance and communications devices. But that plan had prompted criticism from ethics experts, who had said it would allow her to avoid financial disclosure rules.
“This arrangement appears designed to allow Ms. Trump to avoid the ethics, conflict-of-interest and other rules that apply to White House employees,” Norman L. Eisen and Richard W. Painter, White House ethics lawyers for Presidents Barack Obama and George W. Bush, respectively, wrote in a letter to Donald F. McGahn II, the White House counsel.
They had argued that Ms. Trump’s use of those resources had made her a federal employee in all but name, and they had called on the administration to officially acknowledge her as a staff member.
“I have heard the concerns some have with my advising the president in my personal capacity while voluntarily complying with all ethics rules, and I will instead serve as an unpaid employee in the White House Office, subject to all of the same rules as other federal employees,” Ms. Trump said in a statement on Wednesday.
“Throughout this process I have been working closely and in good faith with the White House counsel and my personal counsel to address the unprecedented nature of my role,” she said.
Ms. Trump’s lawyer, Jamie S. Gorelick, said that “she will file the financial disclosure forms required of federal employees and be bound by the same ethics rules that she had planned to comply with voluntarily.”
Ms. Trump stepped down from her namesake branding and licensing business when her husband joined the administration.
Questions about conflicts of interest related to those businesses have trailed Ms. Trump since her father won the presidency. In December, The New York Times reported that she had joined her father’s meeting with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan even as her company was finalizing a deal with an apparel company whose largest shareholder was a Japanese government-owned bank. (The deal was later called off.)
To minimize future conflicts of interest, The Times reported last week, Ms. Trump had transferred her brand’s assets into a trust overseen by her brother-in-law, Josh Kushner, and sister-in-law, Nicole Meyer. And she enlisted the help of Ms. Gorelick, a prominent Democrat who had served as deputy attorney general under President Bill Clinton.
Under the terms of the trust, Ms. Gorelick will review all new deals for Ms. Trump’s brand, and flag any potential conflicts of interest to Ms. Trump, who can exercise veto power or recuse herself from White House business.
Ms. Trump had previously separated her personal and business social media accounts, and handed over day-to-day operations of her business to the brand’s president, Abigail Klem.
Critics have accused Ms. Trump of using her position in the White House to promote her brand, whose hashtag, #womenwhowork, meshes with her carefully developed image as an advocate for women in the Oval Office. (Photos of Ms. Trump posing next to the Canadian prime minister, Justin Trudeau, or sitting in on meetings with business leaders have replaced pictures of her shoes and handbags in her Instagram feed.) Those criticisms are likely to intensify as Ms. Trump cements her official role in her father’s inner circle.
Mr. Kushner has sold some of his assets, including his stake in the Manhattan skyscraper 666 Fifth Avenue, to a family trust of which he is not a beneficiary, according to Ms. Gorelick. And she said Mr. Kushner does not have any involvement with the Kushner Companies, his family’s real estate development firm.
People close to Ms. Trump said her official title would not mean a discernible shift from the unofficial influence she has exercised with her father.
Hope Hicks, a White House spokeswoman, referred to Ms. Trump as “first daughter” and said her service as an unpaid employee “affords her increased opportunities to lead initiatives driving real policy benefits for the American public that would not have been available to her previously.”
During the presidential campaign, Ms. Trump was an advocate for a federal maternity leave policy as well as for affordable child care. Since her father’s election, she has coordinated a women’s economic council meeting that involved Mr. Trudeau, whom she later accompanied, along with his wife, to a Broadway play. And Ms. Trump will meet with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany, with whom her father held a tense Oval Office visit and news  conference two weeks ago.
While Ms. Trump’s portfolio appears fairly circumscribed, Mr. Kushner has broadened his. He is Mr. Trump’s point man with some foreign governments and in working for Middle East peace, and he is at the helm of a new White House Office of American Innovation, which seeks to bring private sector concepts into the West Wing to streamline a bureaucracy whose upper echelons Mr. Trump has so far left largely vacant.
Perhaps more significantly, Ms. Trump and her husband, along with the president’s top economic adviser, Gary D. Cohn, a former Goldman Sachs executive, provide the moderate political ballast against an economic nationalist wing of the White House led by Stephen K. Bannon, the chief strategist, and the policy adviser Stephen Miller.
In the past, both Ms. Trump and Mr. Kushner leaned Democratic in their politics, forged in the corridors of liberal power in Manhattan, where they lived until January. They held a fund-raiser for Senator Cory Booker, Democrat of New Jersey, and both asked Mr. Trump not to rescind an executive order by Mr. Obama offering legal protections to gays.
While Ms. Trump may be the first child in modern history to become an employee of the White House, presidential children have wielded enormous power and influence throughout American history, according to Doug Wead, the author of “All the Presidents’ Children,” who also served as a special assistant to former President George Bush.
Ms. Trump’s role may be new, but “you can’t have more power than Anna Roosevelt had,” he said, referring to the daughter of Franklin D. Roosevelt who served as a private assistant to her father. Mr. Wead also pointed to Jack Ford, Chip Carter and George W. Bush as more recent examples of presidential children who had their father’s ear.
“The power of a child of a president is very unique,” he said. “It’s a power that Bannon doesn’t have, that Reince Priebus doesn’t have,” he said, referring to Mr. Trump’s chief of staff.
In a telephone interview, Mr. Eisen was more critical of Ms. Trump’s role. He described it as “a lot of nepotism.”



ARTICLE
The Fox News host Bill O’Reilly issued an apology on Tuesday to Maxine Waters, the California congresswoman, after an avalanche of criticism about comments he had made that morning about her hair on “Fox and Friends.”
But his expression of regret on his own program, “The O’Reilly Factor,” was immediately followed by a lengthy broadside against Ms. Waters, during which he said that she would not come on his show because “she does not want to be challenged.”
“Although many Americans disagree with her extremism at times, she deserves a hearing and she should not be marginalized by political opponents,” Mr. O’Reilly said. “In fact, I made that mistake this morning on ‘Fox and Friends.’ I said in a simple jest that the congressman’s hair distracted me. Well, that was stupid. I apologize.”
The original comment came during a segment on the network’s morning show, in which Mr. O’Reilly was shown observing a speech by Ms. Waters, a frequent critic of President Trump.
When asked for his thoughts, Mr. O’Reilly said, “I didn’t hear a word she said. I was looking at the James Brown wig.”
The comment was met with laughter off camera. Ainsley Earhardt, one of the hosts of “Fox and Friends,” jumped in to back Ms. Waters, saying “I have to defend her on that. You can’t go after a woman’s looks. I think she’s very attractive.”
Mr. O’Reilly responded, “I didn’t say she wasn’t attractive. I love James Brown. But it’s the same hair James Brown, the ‘Godfather of Soul’ had.”
Mr. O’Reilly’s quips received widespread denunciations as the segment spread on social media, with some attacking them as racially charged. Calls for Mr. O’Reilly to be fired intensified as the day continued.
At first, Mr. O’Reilly issued a written statement: “As I have said many times, I respect Congresswoman Maxine Waters for being sincere in her beliefs. I said that again today on ‘Fox and Friends’ calling her ‘old school.’ Unfortunately, I also made a jest about her hair which was dumb. I apologize.” He repeated the apology on his show, though inadvertently calling her a “congressman.”
On his show, he used the apology to springboard into a scathing monologue, going after Ms. Waters during his “Talking Points Memo” segment that often leads his show. Ms. Waters referred to Mr. Trump as “dangerous” in the speech that Mr. O’Reilly mocked that morning on “Fox and Friends,” a claim Mr. O’Reilly found objectionable.
“So what exactly is Maxine Waters talking about when she says Mr. Trump is dangerous for America?” Mr. O’Reilly said. “I have no idea and I don’t think Ms. Waters has any clue either.”
Ms. Waters also said in her speech, which discussed the plight of African-Americans and criticism of Mr. Trump, “We’ve suffered isolation and undermining, but we stand up for America oftentimes when others who think they are more patriotic, who say they are more patriotic, do not.”
On this, Mr. O’Reilly had his own response.
“That is not patriotism, madam,” Mr. O’Reilly said. “That is demagoguery.”
And then Mr. O’Reilly went on to say that Ms. Waters’s criticism of Mr. Trump was unpatriotic in itself.
“Patriotism, I should say, comes in many forms,” Mr. O’Reilly said. “Questioning the patriotism of others and bashing a new president is not patriotic. It’s useless.”
Ms. Waters gave her own fiery response to MSNBC’s Chris Hayes on Tuesday night.
“No, I’m not responding to him,” Ms. Waters said, adding that Mr. O’Reilly and Roger Ailes, the former chairman and C.E.O. of Fox News, “have no credibility.”
“They have been sued by women,” Ms. Waters said. “They’ve had to pay millions of dollars out in fines for harassment and other kinds of things. And so we know about that checkered past, and we also know that when a woman stands up and speaks truth to power that there will be attempts to put her down. And so, I’m not going to be put down, I’m not going to go anywhere. I’m going to stay on the issues.”
A spokeswoman for Fox News declined to comment beyond what Mr. O’Reilly said.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — A driver struck a police cruiser and tried to run over several officers on the grounds of the Capitol on Wednesday morning, the police said, prompting officers to fire shots.
In a news conference shortly after the episode, a United States Capitol Police spokeswoman said that a woman, identified later as Taleah Everett, 20, had been taken into custody and that no one was hurt.
But the incident sowed confusion across Capitol Hill, just as lawmakers and their staff members were streaming into the complex of office buildings. Nearby House office buildings were put on alert, and streets were closed for several hours as police cleared the scene.
Eva Malecki, the police spokeswoman, said that after a preliminary investigation, the incident appeared to be “criminal in nature with no nexus to terrorism.” She said the police did not yet have a sense of the suspect’s motive.
Ms. Everett, who does not have a fixed address, was charged with seven counts of assault on a police officer, two counts of destruction of property, as well as fleeing the scene, leaving a collision and not having a valid permit.
Ms. Everett was due to appear in a domestic violence case in a Maryland court on Wednesday morning around the time she was arrested, court records show. She was the subject of a restraining order in the case.
The episode began, Ms. Malecki said, when police officers saw an “erratic and aggressive driver” at about 9:22 a.m. outside the United States Botanic Garden, which sits just yards from the Rayburn House Office Building. The woman driving the car made a U-turn when the authorities tried to stop her, and the car nearly struck several officers. The woman’s car did strike at least one vehicle, Ms. Malecki said.
At some point, as they responded, police officers fired their weapons, but no one was struck.
The office of the House Sergeant at Arms said it was monitoring the activity and urged those who work in nearby buildings to stay clear of the area.
The authorities’ quick response won plaudits — and thanks — from many of the lawmakers who rely on them for daily protection.
Though no one was injured, the incident echoed several others that have sowed confusion on Capitol Hill in recent years.
In one case, last March, Capitol Police officers shot a man who had pointed a gun at them inside a Capitol Visitor Center screening point. The man survived, but the incident temporarily sent the Capitol complex into lockdown as officers swept the area.
Another episode, in 2013, left a 34-year-old Connecticut woman dead outside a Senate office building after a high-speed car chase originating near the White House. Her death prompted family members to file a wrongful-death suit against the Capitol Police, who fired at her, and the Secret Service, which also responded to the scene.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — It began with evidence of a breach of the Democratic National Committee’s computers and has now evolved into a sprawling counterintelligence investigation to determine whether there was any coordination between members of Donald J. Trump’s presidential campaign staff and the Russian government, perhaps even influencing the 2016 election.
When James B. Comey, the F.B.I. director, went before Congress on March 20 and confirmed the existence of the Trump-Russia investigation, it echoed of the Cold War investigations in which the bureau and the C.I.A. searched for agents hidden in the government who had spied for Moscow.
A look back at those Cold War cases may reveal lessons for today’s investigators. Above all, those past cases show it could take years before the new investigation uncovers any answers.
Spy hunts usually begin with an unexplained incident. In the Trump-Russia case, there was the hacking of the D.N.C.’s computers. In 1985, there was an arrest on the streets of Moscow.
In June 1985, Burton Gerber, the chief of the Soviet-East European division of the Central Intelligence Agency, was about to sit down to dinner at his home in Washington when he received devastating news. Paul Stombaugh, a C.I.A. case officer, had just been arrested by the K.G.B. in Moscow. Mr. Stombaugh had been caught while he was on a clandestine mission to meet the C.I.A.’s most important Russian spy, Adolf Tolkachev, a scientist at a secret military design facility who had been providing the Americans with top-secret information about Soviet weapons systems. Mr. Gerber knew that Mr. Stombaugh’s arrest meant that Mr. Tolkachev, an agent the C.I.A. had code-named GTVANQUISH, had certainly been arrested as well.
The arrest and subsequent execution of Mr. Tolkachev was the most damaging of a series of mysterious spy losses suffered by the C.I.A. in 1985. In fact, there was so much espionage activity between the C.I.A. and the K.G.B. that burst into public view in 1985 that it became known as the Year of the Spy.
But why?
Debate swirled inside the cloistered world of American counterintelligence. Could all the spy losses be blamed on C.I.A. incompetence? Or had they resulted from something more sinister, like a Russian mole inside the agency?
That 1985 debate has in some ways been mirrored in the public debate about the hacking of the D.N.C. during the 2016 presidential campaign. Did some hacker simply take advantage of the committee’s cyber-incompetence, or was an American political party the specific and premeditated target of Russian intelligence?
It took years for counterintelligence officials at the C.I.A. and the F.B.I. to put the pieces together and finally solve the puzzle of 1985. Eventually, they realized that they had been confused because there were so many investigative threads to try to follow at once. For example, in August 1985 — just two months after Mr. Stombaugh’s arrest — a K.G.B. officer, Vitaly Yurchenko, defected to the United States, and identified a C.I.A. officer, Edward Lee Howard, as a Russian spy. Mr. Howard escaped to Russia, and Mr. Yurchenko then redefected to Moscow.
American officials were left to wonder whether Mr. Howard had been responsible for the spy losses — and if Mr. Yurchenko’s defection had been genuine or whether he had been ordered by the K.G.B. to defect in order to point them toward Mr. Howard and confuse the Americans.
Ultimately, the C.I.A. and the F.B.I. discovered that it had been difficult to determine what was causing all of the losses because the Russians had more than one mole hidden in the United States government. Both Aldrich Ames, a C.I.A. case officer, and Robert Hanssen, an F.B.I. agent, began spying for the Soviets in 1985. Both gave Moscow the names of Soviets working for the United States, but Mr. Ames and Mr. Hanssen didn’t give the Russians the same exact information.
It was only after Mr. Ames was arrested in 1994 that counterintelligence officials realized there had to be another mole, because Mr. Ames had not known certain things that had been compromised, including the existence of an espionage investigation of a State Department official, Felix Bloch. After Mr. Ames was arrested, the United States secretly began a new mole hunt, which ultimately led to the arrest of Mr. Hanssen in 2001.
Thus, the counterintelligence investigations into the 1985 losses lasted 16 years.
Like their Cold War predecessors, American counterintelligence investigators today face the daunting task of trying to unravel myriad business and personal connections between the Russian government and other Russian entities and people associated with the Trump campaign. It is certain to take officials time to determine which connections are the most significant to their investigation.
Counterintelligence investigations are conducted jointly by the C.I.A. and the F.B.I., with support from other agencies like the National Security Agency. Today, the new Trump-Russia investigation is being conducted by a joint interagency task force, as were the spy hunts of the Cold War.
But interagency counterintelligence operations are often bogged down by competition over jurisdiction, which can lead to frustrating bureaucratic delays and sometimes missed opportunities.
Turf wars badly slowed the investigation of Mr. Hanssen and allowed him to continue to spy until long after the Cold War.
For years, the F.B.I. was convinced that the mole they were hunting was another C.I.A. officer like Mr. Ames, and refused to believe it was possible that an F.B.I. agent was a traitor.
Their fixation on the C.I.A. led investigators to focus on Brian J. Kelley, a longtime C.I.A. counterintelligence officer. The F.B.I.’s obsession with Mr. Kelley was reinforced because of a series of incredible similarities between his life and Mr. Hanssen’s.
Mr. Kelley, like Mr. Hanssen, had known about the investigation of Mr. Bloch. Mr. Kelley lived on a street in Vienna, Va., where Mr. Hanssen had once lived while he was a Russian spy, and Mr. Kelley jogged in Nottoway Park in Vienna, the same park where Mr. Hanssen arranged a series of dead-drops with the K.G.B. An F.B.I. team covertly broke into Mr. Kelley’s house and found a map of Nottoway Park with X’s marked on it, which the F.B.I. was convinced was Mr. Kelley’s spy map.
When they later confronted Mr. Kelley with the map, he asked them, “Where did you get my jogging map?” It turned out that he liked to time his runs from point to point in the park.
Almost every major spy case is finally solved thanks to defectors from the other side. The lengthy counterintelligence investigation into Mr. Ames was aided by a Russian spy, code-named AVENGER, who provided critical information that pointed toward Mr. Ames. The Hanssen case was also finally solved with the help of a Russian spy who brought out K.G.B. files that helped identify Mr. Hanssen.
The C.I.A. and the F.B.I. do not like to admit that they rely so heavily on defectors to solve their cases. But it is possible that the Trump-Russia case may not be cracked until the C.I.A. or the F.B.I. persuades a Russian intelligence officer to change sides and provide incriminating information.
But in such a highly politicized case that has the potential to change history, a Russian defector will be met with enormous skepticism, even inside the counterintelligence world. Probably the closest Cold War parallel is the bitter case of Yuri Nosenko.
Mr. Nosenko was a K.G.B. officer who defected to the C.I.A. in 1964 and brought with him the answer to one of the biggest mysteries of modern times: Was the Soviet Union responsible for the assassination of President John F. Kennedy? At the time, the C.I.A. was not certain, since Lee Harvey Oswald had defected to Russia and then returned to the United States before killing Mr. Kennedy.
Mr. Nosenko told the C.I.A. that the K.G.B. was not behind the Kennedy assassination. In fact, he said that the K.G.B. had been so alarmed after the Kennedy assassination that it searched its own files and could not find any evidence that Mr. Oswald had ever worked for the K.G.B.
But C.I.A. officials, led by the counterintelligence chief James Jesus Angleton, were convinced that Mr. Nosenko was a double agent sent by Moscow to muddy the waters. An earlier K.G.B. defector, Anatoliy Golitsyn, had convinced Mr. Angleton that every K.G.B. defector after him would be a double agent. As a result, Mr. Nosenko was held incommunicado for three years in a secret prison at “the Farm,” the C.I.A.’s training center at Camp Peary, near Williamsburg, Va. After the C.I.A. finally realized Mr. Nosenko was telling the truth, he was released in 1967, given $80,000 by the C.I.A. and resettled under a new name.
Even after an arrest is made, counterintelligence officials can spend several more years trying to determine exactly how much damage was inflicted. Often that damage assessment takes on a political tinge, because officials want to either inflate the damage or play it down, depending on what an official or an agency or a department stands to win or lose. That will almost certainly be true with the Trump-Russia investigation.
Frequently, the damage assessment reports remain classified, and the American public is never told how the story really ends.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — In his first major move to undo President Barack Obama’s climate change policies, President Trump declared Tuesday the beginning of a “new era in American energy and production and job creation.”
Here is an assessment of his claims about energy production and jobs.
This is misleading. Mr. Trump’s executive order is the start of the process to withdraw the Clean Power Plan, Mr. Obama’s signature rule that regulates carbon emissions from power plants.
The United States has been exporting more coal than it’s imported for the past decade, and is expected to become a net exporter of natural gas by 2018, even with the Clean Power Plan in place, according to the United States Energy Information Administration.
Over all, the energy information agency projects that the United States will be a net exporter in most cases this year. The Keystone XL Pipeline, which Mr. Trump reminded that he had approved, will carry foreign oil into the United States.
This is misleading. The rule was announced in August 2015, and halted by the Supreme Court the next February. During that time, there were about 9,300 fewer coal mining jobs.
But Bureau of Labor Statistics figures show that coal mining jobs have been on the decline since the 1980s, the earliest data available.
The trend is more attributable to an increase in natural gas production and an increase in automation, as The New York Times’s Coral Davenport has reported. Rolling back the Clean Power Plan will not change either of these two forces.
This needs context. Keystone would support 42,000 temporary jobs in its two-year construction period, about 3,900 of which are in construction, according to a State Department report from 2014. After this initial phase, the pipeline would create about 35 permanent, full-time jobs.
Similarly, the Dakota Access Pipeline is expected to support 8,000 to 12,000 temporary construction jobs and up to 40 permanent jobs, the Brookings Institution found.
This is misleading. The Bureau of Labor Statistics reported that the economy added 238,000 jobs in January and 235,000 jobs in February. This is healthy, but it’s more attributable to the policies of Mr. Obama.
As Neil Irwin has reported for The Upshot, Mr. Trump “has virtually nothing to do with the most recent economic statistics.” The January jobs report was conducted before Mr. Trump took office, and the February report reflects conditions roughly three weeks into his presidency and before he had enacted any significant economic policies.
This needs context. Mr. Trump won Michigan by just under 11,000 votes on Nov. 8 and has repeatedly singled out the Detroit-based automaker for its investment plans during and after the election.
Ford announced a $1.2 billion investment in three Michigan facilities on Tuesday morning, which the president immediately praised on Twitter. But Ford had previously agreed to the investment in a labor contract with the United Automobile Workers. In November 2015, the company pledged $9 billion over four years in United States plants.
This needs context. Mr. Trump signed a presidential memorandum requiring domestic steel in new pipelines four days after he took office, but the White House has suggested that the Keystone Pipeline is exempt because it is not a “new” pipe. By this logic, the directive would not apply to the Dakota Access Pipeline either.
Neither of Mr. Trump’s memos greenlighting the Keystone and Dakota Access pipelines includes language requiring American steel.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — When some of President Trump’s aides were reassuring him over the past few weeks that he had enough votes to pass a health care bill, Vice President Mike Pence was skeptical.
Mr. Pence, a Hill-wise former Indiana congressman who is typically a palliative presence in an administration of piranhas, had been keeping tabs on conservatives, counseling the president not to take anything for granted, and he urged Mr. Trump to take a hard line against his ideological allies who were pushing for a far more radical rewrite of the Affordable Care Act.
During the course of the last two trying weeks, as less-experienced advisers floundered — and others skipped town — Mr. Pence emerged as an effective, if not ultimately successful, wingman for a president short on competent help.
The health care debacle was nothing if not a CT scan of a troubled and inexperienced West Wing — from the president’s sketchy grasp on policy, to the heavy-handed tactics of his chief strategist, Stephen K. Bannon, who issued a final ultimatum to a balky Freedom Caucus.
Mr. Pence was simply filling a vacuum. The president’s son-in-law and free-floating aide, Jared Kushner, who has described himself as a first among equals in the West Wing, was on a family trip to Colorado. This week, as the administration tried to pivot to tax reform, Mr. Trump’s top economic adviser, Gary D. Cohn, has been away for a few days with his family, on hand for conference calls but out of Washington.
That has left Mr. Pence to carry out many of the functions that the White House chief of staff, Reince Priebus, would normally fulfill if he possessed more policy experience and legislative connections: sounding out lawmakers for inside information, providing the president with tactical counsel, quietly offering policy tweaks during negotiations.
Mr. Pence’s team has at times questioned whether Mr. Priebus was up to the demands of his job, according to one West Wing official close to the vice president, who was not authorized to discuss private interactions involving Mr. Pence. And Mr. Trump has made his own unhappiness known with Mr. Priebus, the former chairman of the Republican National Committee.
Mr. Pence’s communications director, Jarrod Agen, insisted that it was “categorically untrue for anyone to suggest that Reince has anything but the full support” of the vice president.
“Pence has been a utility infielder when the president needs him, and he’s not trying to compete with the loyalists,” said Tom Barrack, one of Mr. Trump’s closest friends and chairman of the Trump-Pence inaugural committee. “He’s doing exactly what he should be doing.”
Mr. Barrack added: “As the tumultuousness continues throughout the rest of the organization, his approach is to be patient, be kind and build confidence with the president. To me he’s the best athlete for so many of the tasks, and he’s been underutilized until now.”
One Republican senator close to Mr. Pence said that his colleagues initially viewed him as an alternative-reality president who would prod Mr. Trump’s presidency toward normalcy — a notion that vanished during the administration’s frenetic first week. Democrats and Never-Trump Republicans still view him as a president-in-waiting, in hopes that Mr. Trump will somehow be brought down by scandal.
That the vice president has occupied a position one step outside Mr. Trump’s innermost circle of power seemed to reinforce the view, at least among Democrats, that he was holding back to position himself as a fallback option. “He really seems to be waiting around for something to happen, which my mother told me was a rude thing to do,” joked Jennifer Palmieri, Hillary Clinton’s former communications director.
At times, Mr. Pence can seem jarringly out of place, a clean-cut 1950s Republican cheerfully navigating the chaotic “Mad Max” landscape created by the disruptive duo of Mr. Trump and Mr. Bannon, trying to stay engaged while remaining discernibly aloof from the less-savory aspects of serving in the Trump White House.
That’s the challenge he’s faced since accepting the job of Mr. Trump’s straight-man running mate last summer. Many Pence advisers, including his wife, Karen, were wary of the offer.
“I come from a family of preachers,” said Representative Elijah E. Cummings, Democrat of Maryland, who served with Mr. Pence in the House and still communicates with him regularly. “He is an honorable man. He is a Christian man. But there’s going to come a time when the Trump storm is over, and you have spent all this time defending him and repeating the stuff Trump has said. What’s he going to do when his credibility is shot?”
Some members of his staff privately admit that Mr. Pence got off to a slow start. Until his emergence in the health care fight, his main role was as a kind of Trump translator to foreign leaders and lawmakers who needed a conduit to the White House on appointments or arcane issues. One area of particular focus in the first two months: stripping protections for the sage grouse to ease development of lands in the West.
And he has held his capital in reserve, choosing to tread lightly on certain issues, according to a person with direct knowledge of the discussions, not campaigning aggressively for defunding Planned Parenthood in the renewed health care bill discussions, for instance.
Much of the time he simply seemed out of the loop, Mr. Trump’s man-who-knew-too-little sidekick. Mr. Pence’s philosophy, according to several White House staff members, is that he is a team player who has signaled that he needs to know only what Mr. Trump wants him to know.
Mr. Pence was among the last members of Mr. Trump’s circle to learn that Michael T. Flynn, the now-departed national security adviser, had been talking with Sergey I. Kislyak, the Russian ambassador, during the campaign. The vice president had been similarly in the dark about the fact that Mr. Flynn’s tweet-terror of a son had been on the transition payroll when he was in charge.
And he professed ignorance of Mr. Flynn’s paid work for the Turkish government during the campaign, even though Mr. Cummings had written him a letter pointing out the potential conflict of interest during the transition.
Mr. Pence seems to have almost gone out of his way to avoid confrontation. On the November morning that New Jersey’s governor, Chris Christie, was ejected as the head of Mr. Trump’s transition team, he spent several oblivious hours on the 17th floor of Trump Tower with Mr. Pence, who would be tapped to replace him a few hours later.
If Mr. Trump’s running mate knew what was about to hit, he didn’t share it, according to three people involved in the transition. That task fell to Mr. Bannon, who curtly dismissed Mr. Christie a few minutes after Mr. Pence took his leave.
It’s clear that Mr. Pence knew Mr. Christie was in trouble — but it’s still unclear if he knew the ax would fall that day. Yet Mr. Pence’s dad-in-the-Norman Rockwell-painting demeanor masks a shrewd political intelligence, and he is often willing to play whatever role is required of him.
When Mr. Flynn was fired in mid-February, Mr. Trump and White House officials said he had misled the vice president about his conversations with Mr. Kislyak, which led to an embarrassing television appearance in which an oblivious Mr. Pence defended Mr. Flynn’s conduct.
In reality, Mr. Trump — convinced by Mr. Bannon, Mr. Priebus and Mr. Kushner — had already decided that Mr. Flynn was a liability, and was eager to find an excuse to get rid of him, according to three administration officials familiar with the episode.
Mr. Pence was a lot less upset about how the episode was publicly portrayed — and happily provided the president and his staff with a plausible explanation for getting rid of Mr. Flynn, the officials said, even though it made the vice president appear out of touch.
In fact, the president repeatedly asked Mr. Pence to weigh in — and he flatly refused, according to two aides with direct knowledge of the interaction.
Mr. Pence’s tight-knit team, especially his political adviser, Nick Ayers, and chief of staff, Josh Pitcock, were far less forgiving: They urged their boss to project a tougher image, and blamed Mr. Trump’s other advisers — who had known about Mr. Flynn’s problems for weeks — for not looping them in.
But even as Mr. Pence steps up his activity as a go-between bridging the White House and Capitol Hill, it’s clear he has adopted a far less ambitious approach to the job than his predecessors Joseph R. Biden Jr. and Dick Cheney, who despised being out of the loop and stocked their staffs with first-rate talent that often rivaled, and later replaced, their presidents’ West Wing teams.
His model, people close to him say, is the laid-back helpmate vice presidency of George Bush under Ronald Reagan.
Mr. Pence’s relationship with Mr. Trump is more respectful than familial, people close to both men said. They have worked out an odd-couple shtick in public, but the stark cultural differences are obvious. The president briefly tried to curb his use of expletives in front of his religious vice president but has reverted to four-letter form — and Mr. Pence, who is fond of joining colleagues for moments of shared prayer, has been less religiously demonstrative around Mr. Trump, aides say.
“There is quite a contrast between Mike and the president,” said Representative Luke Messer, an Indiana Republican who currently occupies Mr. Pence’s congressional seat. “Trump does not sound like a Hoosier — he says things I wouldn’t say, he picks fights I wouldn’t pick. But their relationship really works.”
Mrs. Pence has never been a big Trump fan. She was repulsed by the release of the “Access Hollywood” tape of Mr. Trump making vulgar comments about women, and has urged her husband to keep a healthy distance from him, according to current and former aides to both men.
Mr. Agen, the communications director, contested this as well, saying, “Mrs. Pence is very fond of and very supportive of the president.”
During the first two months of the administration, Mr. Pence lingered on the periphery, with Mr. Bannon and the policy advisers Stephen Miller and Andrew Bremberg occupying central roles. Over the past two weeks, Mr. Pence and Mr. Trump’s budget director, Mick Mulvaney — another conservative former congressman — have taken on greater responsibility as the action has shifted to Capitol Hill.
Both men have tried to nudge the president to the right, and pressed Mr. Trump to make serious concessions to the Freedom Caucus over health care, advocating an accelerated timetable for phasing out Medicaid at the behest of Republican governors.
Mr. Pence was a steady advocate, if ultimately not a successful one, during Mr. Trump’s last-minute push, telling hard-liners as part of his pitch that “I would have been a member of the Freedom Caucus if I was still in Congress.”
When that didn’t work, he joined Mr. Bannon in pushing for a vote — to identify and shame dissenters — even as the House speaker, Paul D. Ryan, urged the president to think less about revenge than about stockpiling political capital for coming fights on the budget, tax reform and an infrastructure bill.
But Mr. Pence refused to concede defeat.
When Mr. Ryan called the White House at 3 p.m. on Friday, announcing that he didn’t have the votes to pass the health care bill, the vice president asked Mr. Trump for “another 10 minutes” to double-check Mr. Ryan’s vote count.
After making a couple of calls, he conceded, “It’s over.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Ten legislative days before funding would run out, Congress is heading toward another government shutdown showdown. Democrats and many Republicans are likely to refuse to go along with President Trump’s request for money for a border wall financed in part by outsize cuts to medical research. And the specter of another fight over Planned Parenthood funding is also in the offing.
Fresh off the humiliating implosion of the House health care bill last week, Mr. Trump appears to be courting another disaster. To help pay for his proposed border wall with Mexico, Mr. Trump has asked for $18 billion in cuts to domestic programs, including many with broad bipartisan support, and an additional $1.5 billion in funding as part of the spending bill to keep the government open for the rest of the year.
Among the cuts, the administration proposes a $1.2 billion reduction to the National Institutes of Health — which Congress enriched last year in a bill to fight cancer and other diseases — and a $2.8 billion reduction to the State Department and other international operations as well as major cuts in grants for transportation, infrastructure and housing.
Democrats said such a plan would arrive dead at the doorstep of the Senate, and Republicans on Tuesday sounded no more enthusiastic. “We just voted to plus up the N.I.H.,” said Senator John Cornyn, Republican of Texas, who has also been lukewarm on the border wall plan. “It would be difficult to get the votes to then cut it.”
Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine, was more blunt. “I think it is too late for this year,” she said about the proposed cuts, echoing several Republican colleagues. As for a border wall, which is not well supported by American voters, “that debate belongs in the next fiscal year,” she said.
Congressional Republicans are desperate to avoid another legislative failure and demonstrate their ability to effectively govern with one-party control of Washington. Another fight over funding to keep the government open would do little to advance their cause.
Mr. Trump’s proposals also run counter to House and Senate appropriators, who have been working in a bipartisan manner for weeks trying to come up with a series of spending bills that could be bundled together in some form to avoid a shutdown.
The spending talks also could be threatened by pledges of House Republicans to stop funding Planned Parenthood, a proposition that has little chance of success in the Senate.
For now, House Republicans are pressing ahead to attack Planned Parenthood through either a revived health care bill or a bill to overhaul the tax code, both of which would require only 51 Senate votes to pass, known as reconciliation. “We think reconciliation is the tool, because that gets it into law,” Speaker Paul D. Ryan said Tuesday.
But if that process seems to lose steam — it is going to be difficult for the House to put together another health care plan or any other budget plan that would defund Planned Parenthood before next month — some House Republicans may once again wage the Planned Parenthood fight, which would spell trouble for the measure.
“There is a path to a positive outcome, which I define as a bipartisan omnibus,” said Representative Nita M. Lowey of New York, the highest-ranking Democrat on the House appropriations committee, referring to a collection of appropriations bills cobbled together as one.
“It’s going to require Republican leadership to reject poison-pill riders like defunding Planned Parenthood and wasting billions of dollars on a border wall,” Ms. Lowey said.
The current funding bill expires on April 28, and Congress is set for a two-week recess just before that deadline.
The Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky, saw the sticky path forward from the day Mr. Trump was elected, and pushed for a longer-term spending bill, an idea the White House rebuffed.
In the interim, the House Republicans’ failure to get a bill to repeal the health care law passed — or even voted on — complicates the process. Some of the more conservative House Republicans, who helped bring down the bill, may want to show that they have muscle to flex on the spending process. But others may be eager to build confidence among voters and have a spending bill pass quickly.
But it remains unclear if the debacle of last week will bring House Republicans closer together in the interest of producing something or make them more factionalized. For now, they have to clear the way forward on a spending bill, tax reform and an infrastructure plan, all made more difficult by failing on health care.
In the Senate there is more unity among Republicans, but not in ways that are favorable to the White House. “I’m not going to spend a lot of money on a wall,” said Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina. “I’m not going to support a big cut to the N.I.H. I’m not going to support big cuts to the State Department.”
Democrats on the other hand feel emboldened. They say Republicans will need their votes to pass a measure to keep the government open, and they will continue to fight against Mr. Trump’s proposed cuts and the border wall.
“The administration is asking the American taxpayer to cover the cost of a wall — unneeded, ineffective, absurdly expensive — that Mexico was supposed to pay for, and he is cutting programs that are vital to the middle class in order to get that done,” said Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader. Mr. Schumer added that he did not see that happening.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Two Democratic senators from solidly Republican states announced their support on Thursday for President Trump’s Supreme Court pick, Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, giving the nominee a measure of bipartisan sheen but doing little to dissuade leading Democrats from planning to block him.
The lawmakers — Senator Joe Manchin III of West Virginia and Senator Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota — had been among a handful of Democrats whom Republicans have eyed as possible supporters of Judge Gorsuch. Each comes from a state that Mr. Trump easily won in November, and each is up for re-election next year.
“I have not found any reasons why this jurist should not be a Supreme Court justice,” Mr. Manchin said in a statement.
Yet with Judge Gorsuch’s nomination expected to clear a committee vote and proceed to the Senate floor next week, other Democrats remain confident that he will not earn the support necessary to break a filibuster. This would require at least eight Democratic senators to join the Republicans’ 52-seat majority.
“It’s an uphill struggle for them to get 60,” Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, said of Republicans in an interview on Thursday at his office in the Capitol.
Mr. Schumer accused Senate Republicans of “trying to play brinkmanship” by hinting strongly that they will seat Judge Gorsuch one way or another, even if it requires a change in longstanding rules to allow him to be elevated on a simple majority vote.
Mr. Schumer was notably unsparing in his criticism of the Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky, who last year refused to consider President Barack Obama’s nominee, Judge Merrick B. Garland, during a presidential election year.
“He’s very willing to act to the detriment of the Senate to fulfill his own political goals,” Mr. Schumer said of his counterpart.
Mr. McConnell’s office quickly returned fire.
“Curious comments from the man leading the charge on what would be the first-ever successful partisan filibuster of a Supreme Court nominee in the history of the Senate,” said Antonia Ferrier, a spokeswoman for Mr. McConnell.
In their statements, both Mr. Manchin and Ms. Heitkamp mentioned Judge Garland, with Ms. Heitkamp particularly lamenting Republicans’ treatment of him. The progressive base of the Democratic Party has also not forgotten, urging party leaders to oppose Judge Gorsuch (and Mr. Trump generally) with every tool at their disposal.
But the two senators suggested on Thursday that they had found no worthy justification to oppose Judge Gorsuch.
“I was taught that two wrongs don’t make a right,” Ms. Heitkamp said. “Regardless of which party is in the White House, the U.S. Supreme Court should be above politics.”
More than 30 senators have come out against Judge Gorsuch and pledged support for the filibuster, including some from states that Mr. Trump won. Several remain undecided.
“I have told senators my viewpoint,” Mr. Schumer said, citing oft-echoed concerns from Democrats about Judge Gorsuch’s record on workers’ rights and his degree of independence from Mr. Trump and right-leaning organizations like the Federalist Society. “I will strongly argue why I think it’s a mistake to be for Gorsuch.”
Republicans who are considering the rule change to seat Judge Gorsuch if necessary — the so-called nuclear option — have accused Democrats of hypocrisy. When they owned the majority, Democrats voted to bar filibusters for executive branch and appeals court nominees, but excluded Supreme Court nominations from the shift.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Senator Marco Rubio said Thursday during a Senate Intelligence Committee hearing on Russia that his own presidential campaign had been a target of apparent Russian cyberattacks, and a cybersecurity expert testified that Mr. Rubio might have been the victim of a Russian online smear campaign.
The hearing, which surveyed Russia’s long history of waging foreign influence campaigns — efforts that have continued since the November election — was intended to lay the groundwork for the committee’s investigation of Moscow’s meddling in the presidential race.
Mr. Rubio, Republican of Florida and one of President Trump’s primary challengers, said that former members of his campaign had been targeted as recently as Wednesday morning in attacks traced to IP addresses in Russia.
He said that similar attacks had also taken place in July, roughly four months after he dropped out of the race, and that the attempts had been unsuccessful. His spokesman declined to elaborate.
But Mr. Rubio immediately sought to play down his remarks, cautioning his colleagues during the hearing not to become too focused on hacking, “one aspect of a much broader campaign.”
“We’ve focused on the trees and have lost sight of the forest,” Mr. Rubio said.
Other Republicans on the panel expressed some skepticism over the pervasiveness of Russian interference in the campaign. Senator Roy Blunt of Missouri asked whether the experts who had been brought in to testify had seen any evidence of direct Russian interference in county election systems, something he said “should never be allowed to happen.” No, they said.
Senator John Cornyn of Texas, the Senate’s No. 2 Republican, cast doubt on the conclusion of intelligence agencies that Russians had acted specifically to aid Mr. Trump in the election. “Do you have any reason to believe that Putin knew more than the pundits and pollsters did here in America about the outcome of the election before it occurred?” Mr. Cornyn asked, referring to the Russian president, Vladimir V. Putin.
No, came the reply.
“I didn’t think so,” Mr. Cornyn said.
In one remarkable exchange, Senator James Lankford, Republican of Oklahoma, asked why Mr. Putin had chosen this election to meddle in.
Clint Watts, a former F.B.I. agent who is now a senior fellow at the Foreign Policy Research Institute, said that while Russia had sought to interfere in elections around the world, its efforts in last year’s American election were especially potent because Mr. Trump’s campaign had “parroted” the same lines used in Russian propaganda. Mr. Trump cited a fake news article in at least one stump speech, Mr. Watts said, adding that his claims of a “rigged” election were in line with claims made by the Russian state news media.
“I don’t think the president actually realizes what he’s citing,” Mr. Watts told reporters after the hearing. “He picks up on a conspiracy and he repeats it, and then we have the entire United States government pivoting to try and determine whether it’s fact or fiction.”
Mr. Watts also said he believed that Mr. Rubio had been the target of Russian campaigns to discredit him, a disclosure that appeared to startle the senator. After the hearing, Mr. Watts said that Mr. Rubio had not been the only target, asserting that negative online campaigns had cropped up at key moments against other candidates, including former Gov. Jeb Bush of Florida and Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina.
Democrats, for their part, emphasized the importance of gathering more information, including financial documents like Mr. Trump’s tax returns, to determine whether Mr. Trump or his associates had colluded with the Russians, as well as the need to examine the lack of a government response to the Russian interference.
“The size of this, the enormity of this matter, is just eclipsing everything else in my mind,” said Senator Dianne Feinstein of California. “And yet there’s no response.”
The hearing — heavy on policy and flecked with a few conspicuously chummy interludes between Senator Richard M. Burr of North Carolina, the panel’s Republican chairman, and its top Democrat, Senator Mark Warner of Virginia — presented a stark contrast to the turmoil plaguing the House Intelligence Committee’s parallel investigation. Mr. Burr called it “a foundational hearing for our investigation.”
Across the Capitol, the House panel grappled on Thursday with a New York Times report identifying two White House officials who played a role in providing intelligence reports to Representative Devin Nunes, Republican of California and the committee’s chairman. Last week, Mr. Nunes said those documents indicated that Mr. Trump or people on his transition team, of which Mr. Nunes was a member, might have been “incidentally” caught up in surveillance of foreign operatives by American spy agencies. He chose to immediately brief Mr. Trump on the development, but not his Democratic counterpart on the committee.
One day after Mr. Burr and Mr. Warner held a joint news conference to express their commitment to a serious investigation, Mr. Warner emphasized what was foremost in their minds. “Do any of you have any doubt that it was Russia and Russian agents that perpetrated, during the 2016 presidential campaign, the hacks of the D.N.C. and the Podesta emails and the misinformation and disinformation campaign that took place?” he asked the experts called before the panel, referring to the Democratic National Committee and John D. Podesta, the chairman of Hillary Clinton’s campaign.
“It absolutely stretches credulity to think they weren’t involved,” said Kevin Mandia, the chief executive of FireEye, a cybersecurity company.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Senior House Republicans said Thursday that they expected the federal government to continue paying billions of dollars in subsidies to health insurance companies to keep low-income people covered under the Affordable Care Act for the rest of this year — and perhaps for 2018 as well.
The decision would be a curious twist for Republicans who have spent seven years battling President Barack Obama’s health law only to fail last week to repeal it. The Republican-led House won a lawsuit accusing the Obama administration of unconstitutionally paying the insurance-company subsidies, since no law formally provided the money.
Although that decision is on appeal, President Trump could accept the ruling and stop the subsidy payments, which reduce deductibles and co-payments for seven million low-income people. If the payments stopped, insurers — deprived of billions of dollars — would flee the marketplaces, they say. The implosion that Mr. Trump has repeatedly predicted could be hastened.
But senior Republicans appear unwilling to force that outcome.
“While the lawsuit is being litigated, then the administration funds these benefits,” the House speaker, Paul D. Ryan, said Thursday. “That’s how they’ve been doing it, and I don’t see any change in that.”
The future of the cost-sharing payments has been unclear since the House, in a setback for Mr. Trump and Mr. Ryan, failed on Friday to pass a bill to repeal the 2010 health care law, a centerpiece of Mr. Obama’s legacy.
Representative Greg Walden, Republican of Oregon, who is the chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, said Thursday, “I will do everything I can to make sure that the cost-sharing reduction payments get made.”
“That’s an obligation we have not only to the insurers,” but also to consumers who enrolled in plans under the health care law, Mr. Walden said. “We cannot leave them high and dry.”
Mr. Walden said his preference was for Congress to appropriate the money, about $7 billion a year. That is “the best legal way to do it,” he said.
At the same time, Mr. Ryan said the House would pursue the litigation to vindicate its “power of the purse.”
“We don’t want to drop the lawsuit because we believe in the separation of powers,” Mr. Ryan said. “We believe in Congress retaining its lawmaking power.”
Judge Rosemary M. Collyer of Federal District Court in Washington ruled for the House in May, but allowed the subsidy payments to continue, pending resolution of an appeal by the Obama administration. The Trump administration has not taken a position on the appeal.
The Justice Department has strong institutional reasons for objecting to the court decision: It contends that Congress should not be able to “call upon the courts to referee a dispute” with the executive branch of the federal government.
Insurers have lost hundreds of millions of dollars on business under the Affordable Care Act and are pulling back from the public marketplaces in many states, creating a possibility that some consumers will have no options on the insurance exchanges next year.
Senators Lamar Alexander and Bob Corker, Republicans of Tennessee, introduced a bill this week to protect such consumers.
“Urgent action is needed,” Mr. Alexander said. “In the Knoxville area where I live, the one remaining insurance company on the Affordable Care Act exchange has pulled out for the year 2018. So it is a near certainty that there will be zero insurance options for Tennesseans who live there and buy their insurance on the exchange.”
The uncertainty about the intentions of the Trump administration and Congress has made insurers jittery, and Wall Street analysts are watching closely to see if insurance companies will leave more markets.
David Windley, a securities analyst at Jefferies L.L.C., said enrollment would probably plummet without the cost-sharing subsidies because so many people rely on them. If the subsidies go away, he said, “all bets are off.”
Mr. Windley, who met recently with a senior executive of Anthem, the insurance giant, told investors on Thursday that he believed that the company was “leaning toward exiting” a large percentage of the local markets where it now participates. That news was first broken by Bloomberg News.
Anthem officials refused to comment. The company has previously threatened to leave if the government does not take certain steps to stabilize the market.
A departure by Anthem, already the sole carrier in a third of the counties in states where it operates, could be a devastating blow to the market. The company, which offers plans in 14 states, is a major player, and its exit would follow the departure of other large insurers like UnitedHealth Group, Aetna and Humana.
But Anthem is not likely to make its decision lightly. Because it operates Blue Cross and Blue Shield plans, which have historically been the main insurer in many states, it has strong ties to the individual market. Still, other Blue Cross plans have left some markets, and other for-profit companies have not hesitated to leave.
“The precedent for backing away is established,” Mr. Windley said.
Mr. Ryan met on Thursday with leaders of a dozen conservative groups to map strategy for possible further efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act.
“We told the speaker that we think we can find the votes needed to pass this bill,” Grover G. Norquist, the president of Americans for Tax Reform, said in an interview. “We are optimistic. The speaker said, ‘This is still doable, and it’s our goal to get it done while we work on tax reform on a parallel path.’”
Mr. Ryan is encouraging members of his conference to patch up their differences. But the collapse of the bill last week, torpedoed both by the conservative Freedom Caucus and by more moderate Republicans, left deep fissures in the House Republican Conference.
“We are frustrated and disappointed,” said Representative Chris Collins of New York, who supported the bill and is close to Mr. Trump. “But it’s not outright warfare.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Michael T. Flynn, the former national security adviser, has offered to be interviewed by House and Senate investigators who are examining the Trump campaign’s ties to Russia in exchange for immunity from prosecution, according to his lawyer and a congressional official.
But the congressional official said investigators were unwilling to broker a deal with Mr. Flynn — who resigned last month for misleading White House officials about his contacts with Russia’s ambassador to the United States — until they are further along in their inquiries and they better understand what information Mr. Flynn might offer as part of a deal.
In a statement on Thursday evening, Mr. Flynn’s lawyer confirmed discussions with the House and Senate intelligence committees about possible testimony by his client. The lawyer, Robert Kelner, did not provide specifics about the terms under which Mr. Flynn would testify, but said that “no reasonable person, who has the benefit of advice from counsel, would submit to questioning in such a highly politicized, witch-hunt environment without assurances against unfair prosecution.”
“General Flynn certainly has a story to tell, and he very much wants to tell it, should circumstances permit,” the statement said.
The Wall Street Journal  reported Mr. Flynn’s offer to testify.
The F.B.I. is investigating whether any of President Trump’s advisers colluded with the Russian government in its efforts to disrupt the 2016 presidential election. An immunity deal would make it extraordinarily difficult for the Justice Department to prosecute Mr. Flynn.
It is unclear whether any of Mr. Trump’s other former advisers have asked for immunity from the congressional committees.
It is common for witnesses to demand immunity in exchange for their testimony to ensure that their words cannot be used to prosecute them. Under federal law, Congress can grant witnesses immunity for their testimony, but lawmakers normally do so only after consulting with prosecutors.
Congress normally avoids doing anything that could disrupt a federal investigation. Federal law allows the Justice Department to delay a congressional immunity deal but not block it outright.
The Justice Department declined to comment on Thursday evening.
Some experts cautioned against drawing hasty conclusions about Mr. Flynn’s request for immunity.
“At this early stage, I wouldn’t read anything into this request beyond smart lawyering,” said Mark Zaid, a Washington lawyer who specializes in national security cases. “In such a politically charged, high-profile national security case, I couldn’t imagine not first asking for immunity.”
“I would suspect both Congress and the F.B.I. will first generate additional evidence from smaller players before deciding to immunize General Flynn,” Mr. Zaid said.
Mr. Flynn, a retired three-star Army general and former head of the Defense Intelligence Agency, was one of Mr. Trump’s earliest advisers on national security issues during the presidential campaign. He drew attention for his strident attacks against former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, as well as for his advocacy of forging closer ties to the Russian government.
He has long argued that the United States and Russia have many common interests, including combating terrorism, and in December 2015 he attended a gala in Moscow during which he sat next to President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia.
But it was his contacts with Russian officials that ultimately led to his short tenure as Mr. Trump’s national security adviser. Specifically, Mr. Flynn had several phone conversations late last year with Sergey I. Kislyak, the Russian ambassador. In one of the calls, the two men discussed sanctions that the Obama administration imposed on Russia in response to the Russian government’s efforts to disrupt the presidential election.
Mr. Flynn misled some White House officials, including Vice President Mike Pence, about the substance of the phone calls, saying that he and the ambassador had only exchanged holiday pleasantries.
He resigned from the job in mid-February, saying in a statement that he had given the vice president and others “incomplete information” about the conversations with Mr. Kislyak.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Community groups in Michigan and Minnesota have decided to reject hundreds of thousands of dollars in federal aid to fight violent extremism because of what they call the Trump administration’s vilification of Muslims.
Last month, the Department of Homeland Security, under the Obama administration, awarded $10 million in grants to more than two dozen community groups and cities for programs to counter recruitment efforts by terrorist and white supremacist groups.
The group in Minnesota decided to reject the money after Trump administration officials were reported to be considering reshaping the program to target only Muslims. The effort, now known as Countering Violent Extremism, or C.V.E., would be renamed Countering Radical Islamic Extremism, Reuters reported on Thursday.
That group, Ka Joog, which works with Somali youths in Minneapolis, said in a statement that its board had decided not to take the nearly $500,000 it was awarded last month because it believed that its efforts had “been hindered by the Trump administration to instill fear, uncertainty and anti-Muslim sentiments.”
The Michigan group, Leaders Advancing and Helping Communities, in Dearborn, said it would also reject $500,000 in federal aid. Suehaila Amen, an executive board member, said that her group had already been discussing before the Reuters report came out whether to accept the grant, because some in the community see the hotly disputed program as a way to spy on Muslims. But the decision was sealed by Mr. Trump’s statements and actions, Ms. Amen said.
“You’re talking about a president who has maligned the Muslims throughout the entire campaign,” she said. “We don’t feel like we need to compromise our integrity, transparency and integrity in the community for some money or funding.”
Another organization, the Muslim Public Affairs Council Foundation, which has offices in Washington and Los Angeles, said it was waiting to see whether the administration moved forward with changes to the program before deciding whether to keep its nearly $400,000 grant.
And Jihad Turk, the president of Bayan Claremont, a graduate college in Claremont, Calif., for Muslim scholars and religious leaders, said it would not accept its $800,000 grant, one of the largest awarded, if the administration renamed the program and entirely shifted its focus.
The Department of Homeland Security declined to comment, though people briefed on the matter said there was fierce resistance inside the department to making changes to the program that could further alienate Muslim communities assisting antiterrorism efforts. During his confirmation hearing as department secretary last month, John F. Kelly stressed the need to build trust with Muslim communities.
But the administration’s possible move aligns with Mr. Trump’s campaign promises to defeat what he called “radical Islamic terrorism,” as well as with the views of some of his advisers. Stephen K. Bannon, the president’s top strategist, has said that Islam is not a religion of peace, while Mr. Trump’s national security adviser, Michael T. Flynn, once said that fear of Muslims was rational.
Counterterrorism experts say that the administration risks eroding years of bridge building between the government and Muslim communities, which have long been suspicious of the counterextremism programs.
“Going forward, Muslim communities may fear that information provided for C.V.E. programs and target audiences will be used instead for surveillance, prosecution and/or deportation,” said J. M. Berger, a fellow with the International Center for Counter-Terrorism in The Hague and co-author of “ISIS: The State of Terror.” “Those fears may now be justified.”
Erroll G. Southers, director of homegrown violent extremism studies at the University of Southern California, said a singular focus on Muslim extremism would offer only a partial picture of violence in the United States.
Since the Sept. 11 attacks, the number of killings in the United States by white supremacists, antigovernment fanatics and other homegrown extremists has been comparable to that of Islamic terrorists. From 2009 to 2016, according to figures from the Anti-Defamation League, these groups accounted for 84 percent of the extremist violence in which shots were exchanged with law enforcement.
“Data should dictate policy,” Mr. Southers said. “If you ignore data, you ignore the real problem, which is that extremism comes from a diverse range of sources.”
The federal programs have prompted a heated debate among Muslim scholars and activists, with civil rights groups such as the Council on American-Islamic Relations saying they stigmatize entire communities.
In Minneapolis, some groups have participated in a program run by the local United States attorney to counter Islamic State propaganda efforts directed at Somalis. But other groups have criticized the government’s efforts, saying they are overwhelmingly focused on potential extremism within Muslim communities and pay little attention to the threats posed by white nationalists and other right-wing extremists.
Faiza Patel, a co-director of the Liberty and National Security Program at the Brennan Center for Justice at the New York University School of Law, said the proposed change to the Countering Violent Extremism Program would make a bad project worse.
“It makes explicit what was already implied in C.V.E.,” she said. “Now all of that window dressing goes out the door.”
Despite millions of dollars in government-sponsored research, there remains no consensus on why someone becomes a terrorist or how to identify such people before they attack.
Clark R. McCauley Jr., a professor of psychology at Bryn Mawr College in Pennsylvania who has conducted government-funded terrorism research for years, said that programs to counter extremism were already too focused on Islamic terrorism. “It’s not all that easy to get money to study right-wing stuff,” he said. “There’s a big oversupply of attention to Islamic extremism as it is.”
Making that focus more explicit may not significantly change how the programs operate, he said. “But what it will mean for Muslims in the U.S., that’s going to be a problem, even if the machinery doesn’t change,” Professor McCauley said. “It means the country has decided to say, ‘You people are a special threat.’”
Christian Picciolini, the founder of Life After Hate, a Chicago group devoted to countering right-wing extremism, said it would be dangerous to minimize white extremism, pointing to gunmen like Dylann S. Roof, who killed nine people at an African-American church in Charleston, S.C., in 2015, and Wade Michael Page, who killed six people at a Wisconsin Sikh temple in 2012.
“They are being radicalized by fake news and conspiracy theories,” he said of such attackers. “We are ignoring a massive domestic terrorism problem that already exists in our borders.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Congress’s rush to dismantle the Affordable Care Act, once seemingly unstoppable, is flagging badly as Republicans struggle to come up with a replacement and a key senator has declared that the effort is more a repair job than a demolition.
“It is more accurate to say ‘repair Obamacare,’” Senator Lamar Alexander, Republican of Tennessee and chairman of the Senate health committee, said this week. “We can repair the individual market, and that is a good place to start.”
The struggles and false starts have injected more uncertainty into insurance markets that thrive on stability. An aspirational deadline of Jan. 27 for repeal legislation has come and gone. The powerful retirees’ lobby AARP is mobilizing to defend key elements of the Affordable Care Act. Republican leaders who once saw a health law repeal as a quick first strike in the Trump era now must at least consider a worst case: unable to move forward with comprehensive health legislation, even as the uncertainty that they helped foster rattles consumers and insurers.
Insurers are threatening to exit the Affordable Care Act’s market unless the Trump administration and Congress can quickly clarify their intentions: Will they support the existing public marketplaces, encourage people to sign up and keep federal assistance flowing to insurers, or not?
“We need some certainty around the rules,” said Dr. J. Mario Molina, chief executive of Molina Healthcare, which has been a stalwart in the Affordable Care Act market and is making money under the system.
“We have a few months, but we don’t have a lot of time,” he said.
With the official end on Tuesday of what was supposed to be its final open enrollment season, the Affordable Care Act is looking more resilient than it seemed just a month ago. It will still be several days before final enrollment figures are released, and although a surge of last-minute signups failed to have materialize amid talk of repeal, early indications did not point to a collapse.
At their annual retreat last week, in Philadelphia, several congressional Republicans edged away from their powerful promise to “repeal and replace” the Affordable Care Act. It would, they said, be more accurate to say they intend to fix a law that they blame for the cancellation of many insurance policies, soaring premiums and a shrinking choice of health plans in many states.
Many Republicans say their resolve to dismantle the law, a central element of President Barack Obama’s legacy, is undiminished. “We are looking to repeal this law, just like we told the voters we were going to do, just like we promised them we would do,” said Representative Jim Jordan, Republican of Ohio and a leader of the House’s most conservative wing. “After all, there was an election where that was one of the most important issues.”
But after waging and winning many elections with a promise to kill it, Republicans still have no agreement on how to replace it. They will, they say, pursue a piecemeal approach because they have no desire to supplant the giant 2010 health law with a single comprehensive Republican plan cooked up in Washington.
When Congress convened this year, Republicans immediately introduced a budget resolution clearing the way for legislation to gut the health law, with strong support from Mr. Trump, who took office 17 days later. But Mr. Trump’s rocky start has slowed the momentum, depleting his political capital and dimming prospects for bipartisan cooperation.
In addition, many senators are preoccupied with fights over the confirmation of Mr. Trump’s nominees to the Supreme Court and top jobs in his administration. What was once considered Congress’s Job No. 1 is being eclipsed for some lawmakers by more immediate matters.
Insurers say Republicans’ mixed messages and slowing pace could send premiums soaring next year while making the market much less stable. The deadline to file rates for 2018 is this spring, and insurers say they need time to decide what kinds of plans to offer and to set prices.
“We need stability and predictability,” said Marilyn B. Tavenner, the chief executive of America’s Health Insurance Plans, the main lobby for the industry.
Unless Congress continues cost-sharing subsidies, to reduce out-of-pocket costs for low-income people, and a reinsurance program, to help pay large claims, she said, more insurers will pull out of the market.
Insurers are also concerned about signs that the Trump administration may not enforce the so-called individual mandate, which requires people to have insurance or face a tax penalty. The penalty, or some way to encourage more participation, is seen as central to having enough young and healthy people sign up to keep premiums low.
“It’s very important to indicate how they are going to stabilize the market,” said Karen M. Ignagni, the chief executive of EmblemHealth, who was instrumental in the development of the current law.
At the very least, analysts say the uncertainty for insurers could lead to much higher rates. “2018 is a wild card,” said Deep Banerjee, who follows insurers for Standard & Poor’s.
Many insurers could simply end up walking away, warned Sabrina Corlette, a research professor at Georgetown University who recently surveyed insurers about what they might do. “At a certain point, you can’t price high enough to account for that uncertainty,” she said.
The end game is perhaps predictable. In the Senate, Republicans will need help from Democrats to replace the health law because they hold 52 seats but will need 60 votes. Several Republican senators, like Susan Collins of Maine and Bob Corker of Tennessee, say they will not vote to repeal the law unless they have a clear picture of what will replace it. And Democrats will not support any replacement unless Republicans scrap the idea of an outright repeal, which conservatives have been demanding for years.
“We can’t repair the roof while Republicans and the president are burning the house down,” said Senator Patty Murray, Democrat of Washington.
Republicans have many ideas about how to shore up insurance markets and lower costs. But it is highly unlikely that any of their proposals would be found by the Congressional Budget Office to insure as many people as the Affordable Care Act. Downbeat assessments from the budget office have doomed many proposals in the past, including the health care plan devised by Bill and Hillary Clinton in 1993.
Mr. Trump chose Representative Tom Price, Republican of Georgia, to be his secretary of health and human services, with the expectation that he would work closely with Republicans in Congress on the details of a replacement plan. Democrats have delayed his confirmation, and that in turn has delayed Republican efforts to devise an alternative to the health care law they detest.
Republicans on the Senate Finance Committee voted on Wednesday to recommend confirmation of Mr. Price, overriding objections by Democrats, who boycotted the proceedings.
All of that turmoil in Washington has left insurers scrambling.
“While the direction in Washington has been positive, we still need certainty about short-term fixes in order to determine the extent of our participation,” Joseph R. Swedish, the chief executive of Anthem, one of the nation’s largest insurers and a major player in the market, told investors on Wednesday.
Anthem said it expected to break even or make money selling individual coverage this year but said the market continued not to work as well as it could.
“We have weighed in considerably, and continue to do so, with all the leadership in Congress,” Mr. Swedish said.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Senate Republicans pressed forward on Thursday with the confirmation of President Trump’s nominee to head the Environmental Protection Agency, Scott Pruitt, suspending the Environment and Public Works Committee’s rules to approve the cabinet pick despite a Democratic boycott.
The 11-0 vote sends the nomination to the full Senate, where Mr. Pruitt will most likely be approved next week.
The move was one of several to break the logjam on Mr. Trump’s incoming team. Party line votes in the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee and the Senate Budget Committee also advanced the nomination of Representative Mick Mulvaney of South Carolina to be the White House budget director, despite deep concerns among Democrats — and some Republicans — over his tightfisted spending record.
Senators on Thursday teed up what could be a week of rapid-fire confirmations, taking procedural votes to move forward with the nominations of Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama to be attorney general, Representative Tom Price of Georgia to be secretary of health and human services, and Steven T. Mnuchin to be Treasury secretary.
Those confirmation votes are expected to come early next week, after a white-knuckled vote on the nomination of Betsy DeVos to be education secretary. With two Republican senators opposing Ms. DeVos, her confirmation hangs by a single vote. In a procedural quirk, Mr. Sessions’s confirmation vote is scheduled after that of Ms. DeVos so he can vote “yes” before he leaves the Senate.
Mr. Mulvaney and Mr. Pruitt also appeared headed for confirmation next week.
Democrats and environmental groups have waged a fierce campaign against the confirmation of Mr. Pruitt, the Oklahoma attorney general, who has led or taken part in 14 lawsuits aimed at blocking E.P.A. regulations, including Obama administration policies trying to tackle climate change.
A day after Democrats on the Senate environment committee boycotted a planned vote on Mr. Pruitt’s nomination, the panel’s Republicans reconvened on Thursday and temporarily suspended the committee’s rules, which require the presence of at least two Democrats to hold votes, and approved Mr. Pruitt.
The Democrats’ boycott and the Republican response followed the same pattern that played out this week on the Senate Finance Committee, as Democrats sought to block action on the nominations of Mr. Price and Mr. Mnuchin.
“We took this extraordinary step because the minority took the extraordinary step of boycotting the meeting,” said the environment committee’s chairman, Senator John Barrasso of Wyoming.
“The minority has put us in these uncharted waters,” he said. “Never before in the history of E.P.A. has a nominee for E.P.A. been boycotted.”
Mr. Pruitt has drawn criticism for his record as the Oklahoma attorney general. In that post, he sent letters to federal agencies on state letterhead outlining objections to environmental regulations. Those letters were largely drafted by oil and gas companies, a 2014 New York Times investigation revealed.
“Pruitt’s record gives us no reason to believe that he will vigorously hold polluters accountable or enforce the law,” said Ken Kimmell, the president of the Union of Concerned Scientists, a science-based nonprofit group. “Pruitt may not have answered senators’ questions, but everything we do know makes it clear that he can’t and won’t do the job.”
In boycotting Mr. Pruitt’s confirmation proceeding, Democrats complained that he had failed to adequately answer their questions and address their concerns about how he would run the agency charged with protecting the nation’s air, water and public health.
“The committee Democrats are deeply concerned about the lack of thoroughness of Mr. Pruitt’s responses to our questions for the record,” wrote Senator Thomas R. Carper of Delaware, the environment panel’s ranking Democrat, in a letter to Mr. Barrasso.
“We believe these inquiries, and our questions for the record, elicit information from the nominee that he possesses and that he should be able to provide to the committee,” Mr. Carper wrote. “Failure on his part to do so is not only an affront.”
Mr. Barrasso dismissed Democrats’ complaints, saying, “Let’s be clear, Attorney General Pruitt has answered more questions than any past E.P.A. administrator nominee in recent memory.”
Republicans mocked the Democratic boycott.
“Democrats are just wasting time by pulling this stunt,” said Senator Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia. “Eighty percent of life is showing up. Democrats are just wasting their lives.”
Mr. Pruitt did provide written answers to over 1,070 questions sent to him by committee Democrats, in a 252-page file. But in some cases, particularly in answer to 19 questions requesting official documents or emails, Mr. Pruitt referred lawmakers to the Oklahoma attorney general’s office, and noted that they could secure the documents through the state’s freedom of information law.
Mr. Carper said it could take as long as two years to receive the documents that way.
Senator Edward J. Markey, Democrat of Massachusetts, complained, “What he continues to say is, ‘Go FOIA yourself.’”
Mr. Carper and committee Democrats also complained that many of Mr. Pruitt’s answers were evasive or insubstantial. In response to a question by Mr. Carper asking him to name a single E.P.A. regulation that he supports, Mr. Pruitt responded, “I have not conducted a comprehensive review of existing E.P.A. regulations.”
Democrats also said Mr. Pruitt had not adequately addressed their concerns about the potential conflicts of interest raised if, as head of the agency, he would address the same multistate lawsuits he brought against the E.P.A. as an attorney general. Mr. Pruitt has declined to say whether he would recuse himself from making decisions in all cases in which he was an original party, telling Democrats simply that he would follow the recommendations of the E.P.A.’s ethics office.
“Mr. Pruitt should be clear with the committee about whether he has already sought consent from the state of Oklahoma to recuse himself or when he will do so,” Mr. Carper wrote.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — When President Trump told an audience of religious leaders on Thursday that he would ‘destroy’ the Johnson Amendment, he declared his intention to sign a bill that would fundamentally alter a major aspect of the church-state divide that has been a constant in American politics for generations.
But what exactly is the Johnson Amendment?
It is one of the brightest lines in the legal separation between religion and politics. Under the provision, which was made in 1954, tax-exempt entities like churches and charitable organizations are unable to directly or indirectly participate in any political campaign on behalf of, or in opposition to, any candidate. Specifically, ministers are restricted from endorsing or opposing candidates from the pulpit. If they do, they risk losing their tax-exempt status.
Considered uncontroversial at the time, it was passed by a Republican Congress and signed into law by President Dwight D. Eisenhower, a Republican. Today, however, many Republicans want to repeal it.
Back when Lyndon B. Johnson was a senator from Texas, he introduced the measure as an amendment to the tax code in 1954. Like many things Johnson did, the goal was to bludgeon a political opponent, in this case a rival in a primary who had the backing of nonprofit groups that were campaigning against him by suggesting he was a communist. Though there was no church involved, according to PolitiFact, churches were covered by the bill as well.
Mr. Trump promised he would work to repeal the Johnson Amendment as part of his extensive outreach efforts to religious conservatives, a group that took a long time to warm to his candidacy. Eliminating the measure has been a goal of the right. Conservatives have argued that it violates the protections of free speech and free exercise that the First Amendment extends to houses of worship. Courts have not agreed.
Speaking of the implications of a repeal last year, Jerry Falwell Jr., the prominent evangelical leader and Trump supporter, said it would “create a huge revolution for conservative Christians and for free speech.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump vowed on Thursday to overturn a law restricting political speech by tax-exempt churches, a potentially huge victory for the religious right and a gesture to evangelicals, a voting bloc he attracted to his campaign by promising to free up their pulpits.
Mr. Trump said his administration would “totally destroy” the Johnson Amendment, a 1954 law that prohibits churches from endorsing or opposing political candidates at the risk of losing their tax-exempt status.
“Freedom of religion is a sacred right, but it is also a right under threat all around us,” Mr. Trump told religious leaders at the National Prayer Breakfast. “That is why I will get rid of and totally destroy the Johnson Amendment and allow our representatives of faith to speak freely and without fear of retribution.”
Repealing the law would require approval by Congress, which could prove challenging given that Democrats, and even some Republicans, would resist what many view as an erosion of the separation between church and state.
Still, Mr. Trump’s promise to repeal the law fulfills a campaign pledge — one that became a centerpiece of his effort to mollify the religious right, which was slow to warm to his insurgent candidacy. Eliminating the measure has been a goal of many social conservatives, who argue that it unfairly restricts clergy members from expressing themselves by endorsing, or speaking out against, political candidates.
Many see government persecution in limits on their official religious activities at work, and complain that the Internal Revenue Service — an agency that the right views with a special ire — singles out churches dominated by Christian conservatives.
It was one of several checklist items that religious conservative leaders told Mr. Trump were important to them. And they reacted to his announcement with delight.
“Americans don’t need a federal tax agency to be the speech police of churches or any other nonprofit groups, who have a constitutionally protected freedom to decide for themselves what they want to say or not say,” said Erik Stanley, senior counsel for the Alliance Defending Freedom, a conservative Christian legal defense group that has opposed the Johnson Amendment.
Tony Perkins, the president of the Family Research Council, a conservative Christian group, called Mr. Trump’s pledge “outstanding — right on target.”
“Pastors should be held accountable to God alone for what they say behind the pulpit, not the I.R.S.,” he said.
Many clergy members, however, say they see no reason to lift the prohibition, because making political endorsements could divide their congregations. They say the law in effect shields them from pressure by advocacy groups and politically active congregants to make endorsements.
“It would usher our partisan divisions into the pews,” said Amanda Tyler, the executive director of the Baptist Joint Committee for Religious Liberty, a group that advocates a strict separation of church and state.
Few Americans had even heard of the Johnson Amendment when Mr. Trump turned it into a rallying cry during the campaign. He told a crowd at the Iowa fairgrounds last August, “It denies your pastors their right to free speech, and has had a huge negative impact on religion.”
No one lobbied Mr. Trump to make the amendment an issue, said Johnnie Moore, a Christian publicist who serves on the president’s evangelical advisory board. He said Mr. Trump himself fixed on it in his first campaign meeting with the board members last June at Trump Tower.
Mr. Trump asked them why they did not have the courage to speak out more during elections. When the pastors informed him that they could lose their tax-exempt status, Mr. Trump declared the law unfair.
In meetings since then between Mr. Trump and pastors, whether in public or private, Mr. Moore said, Mr. Trump consistently says, “Everybody in this country has freedom of speech, except for you.”
Churches and clergy members are free to speak out on political and social issues — and many do — but the Johnson Amendment was intended to inhibit them from endorsing or opposing political candidates.
Separately, the Free Speech Fairness Act was introduced in the House and the Senate on Wednesday. The bill would modify the Johnson Amendment by allowing churches and other charities to engage in political expression.
However, most Americans, and even most clergy members, say they do not want churches and houses of worship to engage in partisan politics. Nearly 80 percent of Americans said it was inappropriate for pastors to endorse a candidate in church, and 75 percent said churches should not make endorsements, according to a survey released in September by LifeWay Research, an evangelical polling group based in Nashville.
Moreover, 87 percent of pastors said they should not make political endorsements from the pulpit, according to a LifeWay survey conducted in 2012 of pastors in evangelical and mainline Protestant churches. (Clergy members who were Republicans were slightly more in favor of endorsements than those who were Democrats or independents.)
Pastors and churches that endorsed candidates have seemed to have little to fear from the I.R.S. The overburdened agency has little capacity to investigate every report of a violation — and there have been many.
But only one church is known to have ever lost its tax-exempt status for partisan politicking, and that was in 1995, those on all sides said. It is impossible to know how many churches the I.R.S. has investigated. The agency does not make public when it investigates a church for violations, and an I.R.S. spokesman declined to answer questions related to the Johnson Amendment on Thursday.
For years, pastors have openly defied the law on “Pulpit Freedom Sunday,” organized by the Alliance Defending Freedom. Many participating pastors send their sermons to the I.R.S. afterward.
Watchdog groups like Americans United for Separation of Church and State and the Freedom From Religion Foundation have occasionally reported violators to the I.R.S. and have regularly sent warning letters to pastors before elections reminding them of the law.
In a freewheeling speech at the National Prayer Breakfast, the president defended his immigration policy, brushed aside concern about his harsh phone calls with foreign leaders and ridiculed Arnold Schwarzenegger for his poor ratings in replacing him as host of “The Celebrity Apprentice.”
He did not mention any potential executive order on religious freedom, which critics said would restrict the rights of lesbians, gay men, bisexuals and transgender people; a draft has circulated, but administration officials have denied that it will be adopted.
Mr. Trump talked about the influence of faith in his life, referring to the family Bible, which was used when he took the oath of office. His mother, he said, read to him from that Bible during his childhood.
“America is a nation of believers,” he said. “The quality of our lives is not defined by our material success, but by our spiritual success.”
“I tell you that as someone who has had material success,” he added, before noting that many rich people are “very miserable, unhappy people.”
The breakfast with religious leaders featured the usual homilies and testimonials to the power of faith. But the proceedings took a show-business turn when Mark Burnett, the Hollywood producer, stepped to the podium to introduce the president.
Mr. Burnett recalled the influence Mr. Trump’s book “The Art of the Deal” had on him as a recently arrived immigrant from Britain. He later produced “The Apprentice” as a reality television vehicle for Mr. Trump.
The president opened his remarks with an extended reminiscence about the show, recalling that he fired an agent who had rejected Mr. Burnett’s pitch for the program. He also needled Mr. Schwarzenegger, the former governor of California, for failing to maintain his ratings. “We know how that turned out,” Mr. Trump said. “The ratings went down the tubes.”
“I want to just pray for Arnold, for those ratings,” he said.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President George Bush liked Peking duck from a restaurant in a Virginia strip mall. President Bill Clinton liked Indian food from the Bombay Club and the occasional run to McDonald’s. President Barack Obama spent eight years dining all over town, eating everything from upscale Italian at Fiola Mare to truffle macaroni and cheese at Equinox.
President Trump, a culinary creature of habit and junk food aficionado, seems content, for now, to ensconce himself in the White House rather than partake of the dining options in increasingly foodie Washington. But in this overwhelmingly Democratic city, where  even a local hoagie chain owner faced a storm of criticism for attending a meeting on small businesses with Mr. Trump at the White House, restaurateurs are hoping that Ivanka Trump, and not necessarily her father, turns up.
“I can’t see him sitting down and having a bowl of gumbo,” said Gus DiMillo, whose restaurant group owns Acadiana, which specializes in Cajun-Creole fare. “I’m more curious about Ivanka.”
A precisely put-together entrepreneur, mother of three and wife to Jared Kushner, a top White House adviser, Ms. Trump will most likely continue the work she did on the campaign trail to humanize her father and promote the family brand in Washington. But many residents are still smarting from the results of the election and wondering what will happen to an urban renaissance and an explosion of restaurants, bars and nightclubs that coincided with Mr. Obama’s time in office.
Nicholas Stefanelli, the head chef and owner of Masseria, a restaurant frequently visited by the former first lady, Michelle Obama, said that Washington took on the characteristics of each administration in power — but that the Trumps would probably have to adapt to the dining and night-life culture of the city, not the other way around.
“There’s something very unique happening in D.C.,” he said. “That movement is not going to stop. The energy of the government has shifted, but I don’t think the energy of the city has.”
Mr. Stefanelli did note that the newly arrived band of Goldman Sachs alumni with close ties to the president might drive business in certain parts of the city. “Those guys go out,” he said. “They eat and drink well.”
Ms. Trump offers a softer view into an administration that, so far, has been defined by its chaos. Last Wednesday, when Mr. Trump was railing against the news media and announcing his desire to open a widespread investigation into voter fraud, Ms. Trump posted a video of her infant son crawling on the White House carpet.
Restaurateurs said her engagement with life here could have the same effect. She is viewed as the most approachable of the Trump clan, and perhaps the one most likely to solve political differences across the lunch table, or at least heal some rifts.
“There seems to be maybe a little more of a groundedness with her,” Joseph Cerione, the general manager of Blue Duck Tavern, said in an interview. “She was very friendly with Chelsea Clinton, so I don’t know. Maybe we’ll see her.”
Ashok Bajaj, who owns the Bombay Club, Rasika and the Oval Room, has paid attention to the food the new president eats. A recent photo taken at Jean-Georges, a three-Michelin-star restaurant on the first floor of Mr. Trump’s namesake hotel in New York, made Mr. Bajaj hopeful that the president, who has expressed a fondness for well-done steaks, may be a fan of seafood. But he thinks the Trump children will be the bigger story.
“Who’s going to set the tone in the city is not President Trump,” Mr. Bajaj said. “I think it’s going to be Ivanka and Jared, and I think it’s going to be his other family members.”
Warren Rojas, the editor of the Washington edition of the food website Eater, said in an interview that Ms. Trump might be the “guiding light” to how the Trump administration engages with the city and its restaurant scene. Mr. Rojas said that Eater, which maintains a map of Mrs. Obama’s favorite restaurants, could focus more on Ms. Trump’s habits than her father’s.
“If we did a map of where Donald Trump is dining,” he said, “I don’t know that it would get much further than BLT Prime inside of his hotel.”
As they settle their family into a new home in the Kalorama neighborhood, just around the corner from the Obamas, Ms. Trump and Mr. Kushner, who are Jewish and keep kosher, are beginning to venture out. Their first stops have not been Michelin-starred hot spots or establishment restaurants, but low-key eateries that tend to draw families.
During his first week in the West Wing — where he is working as an unpaid adviser tasked with, among other things, bringing peace to the Middle East — Mr. Kushner found time to visit the bar at Founding Farmers. With another man and a Secret Service agent in tow, Mr. Kushner drank a beer and ordered a plate of deviled eggs last Tuesday, according to a bartender on duty that night.
A day earlier, Ms. Trump went to Open City, a diner in the Woodley Park neighborhood, and had smoked salmon and bagels with a small group of friends.
Kristen Schaefer, who works at the cafe, said in an interview that Ms. Trump was “very gracious” and “very lovely” to several people who approached to welcome her to town.
But the couple have already tested the limits of the mollifying effects their presence has on this administration: As protests erupted around the country last weekend, another Instagram photo, taken of Ms. Trump and her husband on their way to the exclusive Alfalfa Club Dinner, did not go over as well. It was quickly dubbed the “let them eat cake” photograph.
The two have kept a low profile since.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — This is a rare Supreme Court confirmation fight that will be more about the nominator than the nominee.
In light of President Trump’s selection of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch just as the new president’s aggressive and contested use of executive power came into view, Democrats intend to aggressively question whether Judge Gorsuch will hold in check the man who seeks to elevate him to the nation’s most influential court.
Democrats believe a unique sequence of events — issuing a constitutionally questionable executive order on Friday, firing an acting attorney general who refused to defend it on Monday and nominating a Supreme Court justice on Tuesday — places executive overreach and separation of powers squarely at the center of the confirmation debate.
“His administration, at least at its outset, seems to have less respect for the rule of law than any in recent memory, and is challenging the Constitution in unprecedented fashion,” Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, said of Mr. Trump on Wednesday on the Senate floor. “There’s a special burden on this nominee to be an independent jurist.”
Democrats will still meticulously pick through the record of Judge Gorsuch, who sits on the federal appeals court in Colorado, in search of disqualifying material, and they are already raising questions about what they see as business-friendly rulings. But it is easy to envision them pressing him directly on whether he found the recent executive order on immigration, and perhaps others, to be constitutional. The wrong answer for Democrats or a refusal to respond directly could then translate into a reason to oppose Mr. Gorsuch.
Senator Mark Warner, Democrat of Virginia, put it this way: The American people deserve a court that comprises those capable of “serving as an independent and vigilant check on the other branches of government.”
Democrats are facing heated demands from many of their supporters to give no ground and stand firm against Judge Gorsuch in retaliation for the refusal by Senate Republicans last year to take up the nomination of Merrick B. Garland, picked by President Obama in March.
But top Democrats believe that simply blocking the nomination without a reasonable rationale would make it easier for Senate Republicans to justify changing Senate practices to eliminate the filibuster against Supreme Court nominees. They were not happy when some colleagues said they would reject anyone before knowing the nominee’s identity — even though that is what Republicans did when Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, shut down the nomination process last year before the choice of Mr. Garland.
Democrats are making it clear that Mr. Gorsuch will have to attract at least 60 votes — the threshold to defeat a filibuster — if he is to take his seat on the court. That means at least eight Democrats will have to agree not to filibuster, and Republicans are already taking aim at 10 Democrats up for re-election in two years in states that Mr. Trump carried in an effort to bring those senators on board.
One Democrat, Senator Joe Manchin III of West Virginia, has already declared that he will not join any filibuster. A handful of other Democrats have also indicated that any nominee deserves a vote — a contrast they will draw repeatedly with the Republican treatment of Mr. Garland. But that does not necessarily mean they will vote to end a filibuster if it gets that far, and Mr. Gorsuch still needs to win over several lawmakers among the Democrats or the two independents if he is to be successful.
Mr. Trump and Senate Republicans are emphasizing that Mr. Gorsuch was confirmed to his current position on the United States Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit in 2006 by a voice vote, meaning that no senator raised an objection. Senator John Cornyn of Texas, the No. 2 Republican, said Wednesday that that means he “was essentially voted unanimously” with the support of several current Democrats, though there is no roll call record of such a vote.
“So I think it’s going to be really important for the American people, as they hear the inevitable criticism of this nomination, that they remember the senators who were here at the time Judge Gorsuch was confirmed to the 10th Circuit,” Mr. Cornyn said.
Democrats fired back that several senior Republicans supported Justice Sonia Sotomayor for lower-court posts and then opposed her ascension to the Supreme Court. It is but one more example of how the parties completely reverse positions on court nominees depending on which party holds the White House and the Senate.
While reluctant to give Senate Republicans any ammunition to overturn the filibuster against Supreme Court nominees, Senate Democrats are growing increasingly comfortable with employing the kind of blocking tactics they denounced when used by Republicans against them and Mr. Obama.
This week alone, they have boycotted committee hearings to thwart votes on cabinet nominees and invoked a seldom-used rule to force committees to shut down two hours after the Senate came into session, slowing down the confirmation process. Republicans labeled the tactics childish and obnoxious.
But as Democrats gaze around the Senate floor, they see a Republican majority that seems to have prospered despite years of instituting its own blocking maneuvers and its very bold decision to stall the Garland nomination for nearly a year. Democrats say they have learned from the master himself: Senator Mitch McConnell.



ARTICLE
President Trump is settling into life at the White House, which is well-stocked with his favorite foods. The city’s restaurateurs are curious to see if the president, who is a homebody compared with his restaurant-hopping predecessor, will show any desire to engage with a culinary scene that became vibrant during the Obama administration.
We asked a group of chefs, general managers and restaurateurs to give their recommendations for the commander in chief.
_____
_____
_____



ARTICLE
■ Senator John McCain steps in to assure Australia that the United States remains a stalwart ally after President Trump insulted its prime minister.
■ Uproar over a “technical fix” to sanctions on Russian intelligence proves to be misplaced.
■ Nancy Pelosi helpfully offers to co-sponsor a bill promised from a Republican to require presidential candidates to submit to physical and mental health evaluations.
Mr. Trump’s blustery phone call with Australia’s prime minister, Malcolm Turnbull, was enough to pull the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee into the diplomatic breach.
In a remarkable statement, Mr. McCain, Republican of Arizona, announced that he had called Australia’s ambassador to the United States, Joe Hockey, to assure him of an “unwavering support for the U.S.-Australia alliance.”
Mr. Trump angrily berated Australia’s prime minister after the leader pressed Mr. Trump to honor an agreement to accept 1,250 refugees from an Australian detention center. He then followed up with a Twitter post announcing his displeasure.
For Mr. McCain, a Vietnam War hero, that was too much, apparently.
When word got out that the Trump Treasury Department has adjusted sanctions against the F.S.B., Russia’s successor intelligence agency to the Soviet-era K.G.B., the response was predictable: President Trump had eased penalties on an intelligence agency that had intervened on his behalf in the election, critics screamed.
“Russia attacked our democracy. It should be punished. Instead, President Trump is easing sanctions against its team of hackers, the F.S.B.,” declared Representative Eric Swalwell, Democrat of California.
Not so fast.
The fix to the sanctions was initiated by career Treasury Department officials during the last days of the Obama administration and finalized on Thursday. And officials who remain at Treasury from the Obama days supported making the change.
The technical explanation is this: Apparently Russian border and customs officials are connected to the F.S.B., so theoretically, any visit to Russia that involves payment of a border tax is a violation of sanctions — it would be material support to the F.S.B. That goes well beyond former President Barack Obama’s intent.
The adjustment keeps the sanctions focused on the intelligence unit of the agency.
“I haven’t eased anything,” Mr. Trump told reporters as he was meeting with Harley-Davidson executives, and he was telling the truth.
Still, whatever the intention, Russian officials spun the move as a signal that the Trump administration was paving the way for improved relations with their government. The Russian news agency TASS described the move as an easing of sanctions against Moscow, and quoted Nikolai Kovalyov, the former head of the F.S.B., responding: “This shows that actual joint work on establishing an anti-terrorism coalition is about to begin. This is the first step on the way leading to cooperation in the war on terror.”
Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, the Democratic leader, on Thursday enthusiastically volunteered to cosponsor not-yet-written legislation addressing the president’s physical, and mental, fitness, promised from an unlikely source: the Republican chairman of the House Oversight Committee.
Allowing herself a brief tangent in her weekly press conference, Ms. Pelosi said she “can’t wait” until the committee’s chairman, Representative Jason Chaffetz of Utah, introduces a promised bill that would require presidential and vice presidential candidates to submit to an independent medical examination.
“I think it’s a very good idea,” Ms. Pelosi said, grinning.
Ms. Pelosi was referring to a recent remark that Mr. Chaffetz made to the Washington Post’s editorial board, inserted at the end of a column about President Trump’s “erratic first week.”
In an interview Thursday, Mr. Chaffetz said his proposal, still in the development stages, would compel candidates to publicly release health details that might factor into a voter’s decision on Election Day. It would include any medications they are taking, which could have side effects that impair their decision-making abilities, he said.
“If you’re going to have your hands on the nuclear codes and control our military, I think a basic health test would be appropriate,” he said.
He denied that his idea targets Mr. Trump, saying it came to him because of questions raised during the campaign about Hillary Clinton’s health.
“We compel them to do a financial disclosure,” Mr. Chaffetz concluded. “I think they should also do a medical disclosure.”
Of course, Mr. Trump never disclosed his tax returns either.
Mr. Trump does know how to please his audience.
The mainstream news media lit up Wednesday night with tales of Mr. Trump’s call with Australia’s prime minister, and his apparent suggestion that American forces might invade Mexico to get control of the drug trade.
Even conservatives were a bit taken aback.
The president was in turn defiant, bellicose and diversionary. Early Thursday morning, he joined the saber rattling of his national security adviser, Michael T. Flynn, when he threatened Iran over a ballistic missile test that challenged a United Nations Security Council resolution that had called upon Tehran not to undertake such launches.
That was hardly his first salvo. He made no effort to shake the Australia story. He got the White House involved in a student riot at the University of California, Berkeley, that forced the cancellation of an appearance by the Breitbart News editor Milo Yiannopoulos, a prominent figure in the white nationalist “alt-right.”
And he claimed the presidential mantle by bringing up his unscheduled trip to Dover Air Force Base to greet the remains of an American commando killed in a raid in Yemen. He had been studiously silent before, saying he was respecting the wishes of the family of the deceased.
So about Mr. Trump’s Iran tweets.
Iran was hurting from international sanctions before the nuclear deal between Tehran and five world powers, including the United States, was concluded in July 2015. It was having a hard time finding customers for its oil, ports were closed to its ships and banking relationships were suspended.
But there was no evidence of imminent collapse.
And that $150 billion? It belonged to Iran but had been frozen. And it turned out not to be $150 billion, an extreme estimate. By most accounts from American government officials, it was south of $50 billion.
Presidents define themselves by whom they defend.
Six months into his first term, President Obama — answering a shouted question at a White House news conference — stood up for Professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. of Harvard after the African-American legal scholar and racial commentator was briefly arrested for disorderly conduct after trying to open the jammed lock on his own front door in Cambridge, Mass.
“I think we know separate and apart from this incident is that there is a long history in this country of African-Americans and Latinos being stopped by law enforcement disproportionately. That’s just a fact,” Mr. Obama said — and thus ensued an uproar over the president and the police that culminated in the July 30, 2009, “Beer Summit” between the president, Mr. Gates and the arresting officer, in a gesture of reconciliation.
On Thursday morning, Mr. Trump took to Twitter in defense of the First Amendment and Mr. Yiannopoulos — who is known for his racially incendiary rants and a Florida speech he gave in the wake of last year’s Orlando nightclub shooting titled “Ten Things I Hate About Islam.”
Mr. Yiannopoulos of Breitbart, the website once run by Mr. Trump’s chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon, was scheduled to speak at the University of California, Berkeley, on Wednesday but canceled after 150 masked protesters set fires, tossed aside protective barricades, broke windows and hurled firecrackers at police officers.
That prompted an early morning Twitter-threat from Mr. Trump, who once offered to pay supporters’ legal bills if they bashed protesters at his political rallies:
Representative Patrick McHenry, Republican of North Carolina, wants the Federal Reserve to stop talking about financial regulation with other countries, citing President Trump’s dictum that the United States must put America first.
In a letter to Fed Chairwoman Janet L. Yellen, Mr. McHenry blasted the Fed’s meetings with foreign regulators as unacceptable and unauthorized. He demanded that the Fed suspend such meetings until Mr. Trump names his own people to run the central bank.
“It is incumbent upon all regulators to support the U.S. economy, and scrutinize international agreements that are killing American jobs,” Mr. McHenry wrote. “Accordingly the Federal Reserve must cease all attempts to negotiate binding standards burdening American business until President Trump has had an opportunity to nominate and appoint officials that prioritize America’s best interests.”
Mr. McHenry is vice chairman of the House Financial Services Committee, which oversees the Fed, but he does not appear well-versed in the relevant laws. The Fed’s regulatory authority was not altered by Mr. Trump’s election, and Mr. Trump cannot replace Ms. Yellen until her term ends in February 2018.
Andrew Puzder’s confirmation hearing to be the next secretary of labor appears to be in trouble, having been postponed four times as he tries to divest from the company he leads.
Adding to his troubles, an ethics watchdog group filed a petition on Wednesday to unseal court documents related to the divorce of Mr. Puzder.
In some of the sealed documents, Mr. Puzder’s former wife, Lisa Fierstein, appears to have alleged that Mr. Puzder physically abused her.
The Washington-based group, the Campaign for Accountability, argued that the allegations are directly relevant to Mr. Puzder’s nomination because the Labor Department is charged with assuring workers’ physical safety.
“If confirmed Mr. Puzder would be responsible for and oversee policy for millions of working American women,” the group’s executive director, Daniel Stevens, said in a statement. “Before the Senate acts, the public has a right to know if Mr. Puzder abused his wife.”
George Thompson, a spokesman for Mr. Puzder, who is currently chief executive of the parent company of the fast food outlets Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s, called the petition “a shameless attempt to smear an individual who has shown nothing but dedication to creating jobs.”
Mr. Puzder and Ms. Fierstein divorced in 1987, and the following year she filed a petition for damages, obtained by Politico, alleging physical abuse. In the legal wrangling over the petition, the two sides cited earlier documents, now sealed, that also allege abuse. A St. Louis County judge dismissed the petition, and Ms. Fierstein has since recanted her allegations.
Michael A. Kahn, a Missouri lawyer with experience in privacy rights cases, said a decision on the documents would hinge on the judge’s assessment of whether there is “good cause” to unseal them. Mr. Kahn said the odds were long but that the allegations of abuse coupled with the high-profile position to which Mr. Puzder has been nominated could give the effort a “toehold.”
Let the Supreme Court advertising war begin.
A liberal advocacy group is beginning to run television ads against Mr. Trump’s Supreme Court nominee, Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, with plans to target some states represented by moderate Democratic senators.
The ad, which includes a clip of a judicially robed man ripping the Constitution, is set to appear for one week in a dozen states, according to the group, People for the American Way. These include several states — like North Dakota, West Virginia and Missouri — that Mr. Trump carried easily in last year’s election but that still have a Democratic senator.
Conservative groups have set off on a multimillion-dollar effort to support Judge Gorsuch that includes television advertising and planned events at megachurches. People for the American Way would not disclose the amount of money it was spending to run its ads.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — A phone call between President Trump and the Australian prime minister is threatening to develop into a diplomatic rift between two stalwart allies after the two men exchanged harsh words over refugee policy, and Mr. Trump abruptly ended the call.
The phone call last Saturday between Mr. Trump and Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull turned contentious after the Australian leader pressed the president to honor an agreement to accept 1,250 refugees from an Australian detention center.
Late Wednesday night, Mr. Trump reiterated his anger over the agreement on Twitter. He called the agreement a “dumb deal” and blamed the Obama administration for accepting it but then said that he would “study” it. The tweet was posted after The Washington Post reported details of the phone call.
The leaders of the two allies did not seem to agree on the outcome of the conversation. Mr. Trump’s tweet suggested the agreement could be at risk while Mr. Turnbull said that, despite the bluntness of the discussion, the United States had committed to upholding the arrangement.
The flare-up — and conflicting characterizations of the call from Mr. Trump and Mr. Turnbull — threatened to do lasting damage to relations between the two countries and could drive Canberra closer to China, which has a robust trading relationship with Australia and is competing with Washington to become the dominant force in the Asia-Pacific region.
A senior Trump administration official said the president told Mr. Turnbull on Saturday that the refugees could include the “next Boston bombers.” He also said he was “going to get killed” politically by the deal, given that the day before he signed an executive order to stem the refugee flow into the United States and refuse visas for all citizens from seven Muslim countries.
The Trump administration official said the call was shorter than planned, and ended abruptly after Mr. Turnbull told the president it was necessary for the refugees to be accepted.
The details of the call were confirmed by a senior administration official with direct knowledge of the exchange who spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to publicly discuss the diplomatic talks.
Mr. Turnbull, speaking Thursday at a press briefing in Australia’s southern state of Victoria, refused to comment at length on the telephone call, or say whether it had ended sooner than expected. But he did acknowledge that it had been candid.
“I’ve seen that report,” Mr. Turnbull said of the Washington Post account, “and I’m not going to comment on the conversation, other than to say that in the course of the conversation, as you know and as was confirmed by the president’s official spokesman in the White House, the president assured me that he would continue with, honor the agreement we entered into with the Obama administration with respect to refugee resettlement.”
Pressed about Mr. Trump’s tone, and whether the president ended the call by hanging up, Mr. Turnbull refused to comment. “It’s better that these things, these conversations are conducted candidly, frankly, privately,” he said.
Mr. Turnbull again stated that Australia’s relationship with the United States remained robust, but if the deal to resettle the refugees falls through, Canberra will be left with a seemingly intractable political problem at home.
The Australian government has a policy that bars any refugees who attempted to arrive by boat from ever setting foot in the country. The majority of the refugees being held on the Pacific islands of Nauru and Manus are from Iran and Iraq. Both are Muslim-majority nations that are among the seven countries — including Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen — whose citizens are barred from entering the United States for at least 90 days under an executive order signed by Mr. Trump last week.
“I can assure you the relationship is very strong,” Mr. Turnbull said. “The fact that we received the assurance that we did, the fact that it was confirmed, the very extensive engagement we have with the new administration underlines the closeness of the alliance.”
“But as Australians know me very well — I stand up for Australia in every forum — public or private.”
Bill Shorten, the leader of Australia’s opposition Labor Party, said there were two versions of the conversation between Mr. Turnbull and Mr. Trump over the refugee deal, and Mr. Turnbull should be “straight with the Australian people.”
Mr. Turnbull “made it clear he had a constructive discussion” over the refugee deal, Mr. Shorten said. “But now it appears another, different version of the same conversation has emerged.”
Kim Beazley, a former Australian ambassador to the United States who served in Washington during much of the Obama administration, said the impact of the flare-up would be “minimal” if the refugee deal remained in force. But he added, “If the tonality is true you wouldn’t want to have too many conversations like that.”
It was not the only awkward call last week between Mr. Trump and a world leader. Earlier, on Friday, Mr. Trump joked to President Enrique Peña Nieto of Mexico that he would deploy troops to Mexico if the Mexican government failed to control “bad hombres down there.”
On Wednesday night, the senior Trump administration official said the president’s comments to Mr. Peña Nieto were made in jest and the comments reflected Mr. Trump’s standing offer to help Mexico battle drug gangs and control border crossings. The official said the conversation between the two presidents was friendly, and Mr. Peña Nieto did not appear to be offended.
The Mexican government issued a statement denying the A.P. report and said it did not “correspond to reality.”



ARTICLE
LOS ANGELES — A federal judge has dealt another blow to President Trump’s executive order barring some foreigners from coming into the United States, in a ruling that added to the confusion over the legality of the immigration measure.
Using more sweeping language than previous court rulings, Judge André Birotte Jr. of United States District Court here issued a temporary restraining order on Tuesday evening requiring the government to allow in people with valid immigrant visas from the seven majority-Muslim countries Mr. Trump sought to block.
The judge’s order affects only people who are seeking to live in the United States permanently and are taking the first steps to becoming a legal resident. This does not include tourists or students trying to enter the country.
The order came in response to a complaint filed on behalf of 28 people from Yemen — United States citizens and their family members who had remained in Yemen but later received immigrant visas. The visa holders have been stuck in an airport in Djibouti since President Trump issued his executive order on Friday, according to the complaint.
Like in other rulings in New York and Boston, Judge Birotte wrote that the plaintiffs would likely succeed in court on the merits and that they would also “likely suffer irreparable harm” without an injunction. Yemen is currently embroiled in a civil war with civilians in danger.
But unlike some other cases, Judge Birotte’s ruling seemed to apply throughout the country, not just to Los Angeles International Airport. And while other orders had blocked the deportation of travelers, Judge Birotte explicitly wrote that the government could not detain them or block their entry into the country.
The ruling could affect hundreds of people who are in their home countries or stuck in airports in other countries, hoping that they would somehow be permitted to travel to the United States.
“Even after previous rulings, people have continued to have their visas and green cards canceled or coerced into signing them away,” said Ahilan Arulanantham, the deputy legal director at the American Civil Liberties Union of Southern California. “This should end that.”
While the A.C.L.U. has filed several complaints against the executive order, they are not involved in this case.
“If you take all these orders together, they are just an overwhelming repudiation of the executive order,” Mr. Arulanantham, said. “Every court that has ruled on this has seen it as unconstitutional, so that is a strong sign that this is blatantly illegal. We very rarely get such uniform and swift action by the judicial branch for anything.”
In the days since the executive order was issued, border officials and airline employees throughout the world have stopped people from the affected countries — Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen — from boarding planes headed for the United States. The Yemeni plaintiffs also said in court filings that American officials had confiscated their passports, repeating similar complaints from other travelers in the last several days.
Mr. Arulanantham said that while he believed the previous court orders had implied that United States officials should not prevent valid visa holders from getting on planes, Judge Birotte’s order should force the government to stop that practice.
But even after a New York judge ruled that people with valid visas should not be sent back to their home countries, there were reports that it was continuing to happen. In many cases, travelers reported being held for 24 hours or more, far longer than a typical inspection to enter the country.
It remains unclear how the Trump administration will respond to the numerous judicial orders issued in the last several days.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — It was at a campaign rally in August that President Trump most fully unveiled the dark vision of an America under siege by “radical Islam” that is now radically reshaping the policies of the United States.
On a stage lined with American flags in Youngstown, Ohio, Mr. Trump, who months before had called for a “total and complete shutdown” of Muslim immigration, argued that the United States faced a threat on par with the greatest evils of the 20th century. The Islamic State was brutalizing the Middle East, and Muslim immigrants in the West were killing innocents at nightclubs, offices and churches, he said. Extreme measures were needed.
“The hateful ideology of radical Islam,” he told supporters, must not be “allowed to reside or spread within our own communities.”
Mr. Trump was echoing a strain of anti-Islamic theorizing familiar to anyone who has been immersed in security and counterterrorism debates over the last 20 years. He has embraced a deeply suspicious view of Islam that several of his aides have promoted, notably retired Lt. Gen. Michael T. Flynn, now his national security adviser, and Stephen K. Bannon, the president’s top strategist.
This worldview borrows from the “clash of civilizations” thesis of the political scientist Samuel P. Huntington, and combines straightforward warnings about extremist violence with broad-brush critiques of Islam. It sometimes conflates terrorist groups like Al Qaeda and the Islamic State with largely nonviolent groups such as the Muslim Brotherhood and its offshoots and, at times, with the 1.7 billion Muslims around the world. In its more extreme forms, this view promotes conspiracies about government infiltration and the danger that Shariah, the legal code of Islam, may take over in the United States.
Those espousing such views present Islam as an inherently hostile ideology whose adherents are enemies of Christianity and Judaism and seek to conquer nonbelievers either by violence or through a sort of stealthy brainwashing.
The executive order on immigration that Mr. Trump signed on Friday might be viewed as the first major victory for this geopolitical school. And a second action, which would designate the Muslim Brotherhood, the Islamist political movement in the Middle East, as a terrorist organization, is now under discussion at the White House, administration officials say.
Beyond the restrictions the order imposed on refugees and visitors from seven predominantly Muslim countries, it declared that the United States should keep out those with “hostile attitudes toward it and its founding principles” and “those who would place violent ideologies over American law,” clearly a reference to Shariah.
Rejected by most serious scholars of religion and shunned by Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama, this dark view of Islam has nonetheless flourished on the fringes of the American right since before the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. With Mr. Trump’s election, it has now moved to the center of American decision-making on security and law, alarming many Muslims.
Mr. Trump has insisted that the executive order is not a “Muslim ban,” and his supporters say it is a sensible precaution to safeguard Americans. Asked about the seeming antipathy to Islam that appeared to inform the order, the White House pointed to Mr. Trump’s comments in the August speech and on another occasion that signaled support for reform-minded Muslims. His administration, Mr. Trump said in August, “will be a friend to all moderate Muslim reformers in the Middle East, and will amplify their voice.”
James Jay Carafano, a security expert at the Heritage Foundation who advised the Trump transition at the Department of Homeland Security and the State Department, said the executive order was simply “trying to get ahead of the threat.” As pressure increases on the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, he said, “tens of thousands of foreign fighters” will flee. Some could try to reach America, perhaps posing as refugees, he said, so stronger vetting of those entering the country is crucial.
But critics see the order as a clumsy show of toughness against foreign Muslims to impress Mr. Trump’s base, one shaped by advisers with distorted ideas about Islam.
“They’re tapping into the climate of fear and suspicion since 9/11,” said Asma Afsaruddin, a professor of Islamic studies at Indiana University and chairwoman of the Center for the Study of Islam and Democracy. “It’s a master narrative that pits the Muslim world against the West,” appealing to Trump supporters who know nothing of Muslims or Islam beyond news reports of terrorist attacks, she said.
The executive order, she said, will backfire by reinforcing the jihadist line that the United States is at war with Islam. “The White House is a huge soapbox,” she said. “The demonization of Muslims and Islam will become even more widespread.”
Those in the administration with long records of criticizing Islam begin with Mr. Bannon and Mr. Flynn. Mr. Flynn last February tweeted a link to an anti-Muslim video and wrote, “Fear of Muslims is RATIONAL.” In an interview, he said that “Islam is not necessarily a religion but a political system that has a religious doctrine behind it.”
Mr. Bannon has spoken passionately about the economic and security dangers of immigration and took the lead role in shaping the immigration order. In a 2014 talk to a meeting at the Vatican, he said the “Judeo-Christian West” is at war with Islam.
“There is a major war brewing, a war that’s already global,” he said. “Every day that we refuse to look at this as what it is, and the scale of it, and really the viciousness of it, will be a day where you will rue that we didn’t act.” Elsewhere, on his radio show for Breitbart News, Mr. Bannon said, “Islam is not a religion of peace — Islam is a religion of submission,” and he warned of Muslim influence in Europe: “To be brutally frank, Christianity is dying in Europe and Islam is on the rise.”
Others with similar views of Islam include Sebastian Gorka, who taught at the National Defense University and is a deputy national security adviser. Mr. Gorka’s wife, Katharine, who headed think tanks that focused on the dangers of Islam, now works at the Department of Homeland Security. Tera Dahl, who was an aide to former Representative Michele Bachmann, Republican of Minnesota, is a National Security Council official. Walid Phares, a Lebanese American Christian who has advised politicians on counterterrorism, advised Mr. Trump’s campaign but does not currently have a government post. All four have written for Breitbart News, the right-wing website previously run by Mr. Bannon.
They all reflect the hard-line opinions of what some have described as the Islamophobia industry, a network of researchers who have warned for many years of the dangers of Islam and were thrilled by Mr. Trump’s election.
They warn about the danger to American freedoms supposedly posed by Islamic law, and have persuaded several state legislatures to prohibit Shariah’s use. It is a claim that draws eye rolls from most Muslims and scholars of Islam, since Muslims make up about 1 percent of the United States population and are hardly in a position to dictate to the other 99 percent.
“The majority of Muslims don’t interpret the Quran literally,” said Shadi Hamid of the Brookings Institution. “You can have five Muslims who all say we think this is God’s exact words, but they all disagree with each other on what that means in practice.”
Among the most outspoken of those warning about Islam are Pamela Geller, of Stop Islamization of America, Robert Spencer, of Jihad Watch, and Frank Gaffney Jr., of the Center for Security Policy.
All three were hosted by Mr. Bannon on his Breitbart radio program before he became chief executive of the Trump campaign in August. Mr. Gaffney appeared at least 34 times. His work has often been cited in speeches by Mr. Flynn. Kellyanne Conway, now counselor to Mr. Trump, did polling for Mr. Gaffney’s center. Last year, the center gave Senator Jeff Sessions, who has warned of the “totalitarian threat” posed by radical Islam and is Mr. Trump’s nominee for attorney general, its annual “Keeper of the Flame” award.
Mr. Gaffney has been labeled “one of America’s most notorious Islamophobes” by the Southern Poverty Law Center. The Anti-Defamation League describes him as a “purveyor of anti-Muslim conspiracy theories.” And even the Conservative Political Action Conference, an annual meeting of right-wing politicians and activists, banned Mr. Gaffney temporarily after he accused two of its organizers of being agents of the Muslim Brotherhood.
In an interview, he explained his view of Islam, which focuses less on the violent jihad of Al Qaeda and the Islamic State than on the quieter one he sees everywhere. By his account, potential enemies are hidden in plain sight — praying in mosques, recruiting at Muslim student associations and organizing through mainstream Muslim rights groups — and are engaged in “this stealthy, subversive kind of jihad.”
“They essentially, like termites, hollow out the structure of the civil society and other institutions,” Mr. Gaffney said, “for the purpose of creating conditions under which the jihad will succeed.”
The day after the election, Mr. Gaffney told the Breitbart radio show how pleased he was with Mr. Trump’s win. “It is a great blessing literally from God, but also I think obviously from the candidate himself, Donald Trump,” he said. He praised the “superb people” around Mr. Trump, naming Mr. Bannon and Mr. Flynn, who he said “are actually going to lead us to saving the Republic.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump takes medication for three ailments, including a prostate-related drug to promote hair growth, Mr. Trump’s longtime physician, Dr. Harold N. Bornstein, said in a series of recent interviews.
The other drugs are antibiotics to control rosacea, a common skin problem, and a statin for elevated blood cholesterol and lipids.
Dr. Bornstein, who spoke by telephone in four interviews over the past month, also said that Mr. Trump takes a daily baby aspirin to reduce the risk of a heart attack. Over all, he pronounced Mr. Trump healthy and his medical care “as exactly up to date.”
Dr. Bornstein granted the interviews after The New York Times asked him to discuss his role in Mr. Trump’s care and to clarify and expand on earlier statements he made about his patient’s health during the presidential campaign. In recent decades, The Times has interviewed presidents, presidential candidates and their doctors about their health. At 70, Mr. Trump is the oldest person to become president.
White House officials declined to comment on Wednesday night on the information provided by Dr. Bornstein, and would not say whether he was still Mr. Trump’s physician.
The disclosure that Mr. Trump uses a prostate-related drug to maintain growth of his scalp hair, which has not been publicly known, appears to solve a riddle of why Mr. Trump has a very low level of prostate specific antigen, or PSA, a marker for prostate cancer. Mr. Trump takes a small dose of the drug, finasteride, which lowers PSA levels. Finasteride is marketed as Propecia to treat male-pattern baldness.
Dr. Bornstein said he also took finasteride and credited it for helping maintain his own shoulder-length hair and Mr. Trump’s hair. “He has all his hair,” Dr. Bornstein said. “I have all my hair.”
Dr. Bornstein, 69, has a private practice on the Upper East Side of New York, was educated at Tufts University for college and medical school, did his fellowship in gastroenterology at Yale, and was Mr. Trump’s personal physician since 1980. He said that he had had no contact with Mr. Trump since he became president, and that no one from Mr. Trump’s White House staff had asked for copies of the medical records that he has kept for the last 36 years, or called to discuss them.
Dr. Bornstein said that Mr. Trump had gone to his East Side office for annual checkups, colonoscopies, and other routine tests every year since 1980. Before that, Mr. Trump was a patient of Dr. Bornstein’s father, Dr. Jacob Bornstein.
At times in the interviews, Dr. Bornstein was moody, ranging from saying that Mr. Trump’s health “is none of your business” to later volunteering facts. He also meandered, referring to his longtime study of Italian and stories about medical schools floating cadavers to an island off the waters of New York. He said he liked the attention he got from friends now that he was publicly known as Mr. Trump’s doctor but disliked “the fun made of me” by the news media and strangers who have thrown objects at his office window and who have yelled at him on Park Avenue.
Dr. Bornstein’s first brush with the public was in December 2015, when he released a hyperbolic four-paragraph letter about Mr. Trump’s health.
“If elected, Mr. Trump, I can state unequivocally, will be the healthiest individual ever elected to the presidency,” Dr. Bornstein wrote. He offered scant medical evidence for his prediction beyond saying Mr. Trump had no significant illness and nothing that required treatment outside of his office. Eight months later, Dr. Bornstein stirred controversy by saying he wrote the letter in five minutes while a limousine sent by Mr. Trump waited outside.
A second letter in September 2016 was more sober, although it omitted a number of details that would be part of a customary summary of a patient’s health. The letter did say that Mr. Trump is 6-foot-3, weighs 236 pounds, has a normal blood pressure of 116/70 and takes a drug called rosuvastatin (marketed as Crestor) to lower cholesterol and other lipids.
Dr. Bornstein did not say how high the lipids were before the statin therapy, but he reported that the levels were in the normal range in recent tests: cholesterol, 169; HDL cholesterol, 63; LDL cholesterol, 94; triglycerides, 61.
In both letters, Dr. Bornstein wrote that Mr. Trump’s PSA level was 0.15. The low number led urologists not connected with Mr. Trump to say that he must have been treated for an enlarged prostate or prostate cancer. But Dr. Bornstein said in the interviews that Mr. Trump had had neither ailment and that his PSA level is low because of Propecia.
In the interviews, Dr. Bornstein said he refilled Mr. Trump’s prescriptions for a long-acting tetracycline, a common antibiotic, to control rosacea. The skin ailment can cause easy blushing or flushing with visible blood vessels. It also can spread over the face, and sometimes the chest and back. In different forms it can resemble acne and cause bumps.
Dr. Bornstein also addressed questions about Mr. Trump’s recent description of himself as a “germophobe.’’ Dr. Bornstein said he had never discussed that phenomenon with Mr. Trump, but “we are very careful to keep the examining rooms spotlessly clean, which we do anyway.’’ He added, “He always stands there and changes the paper on the table himself” after an examination. “Other than that, nothing.”
Dr. Bornstein said that he was sure that Mr. Trump was up to date on an H.I.V. test, which the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommends that all adults get at least once. He said if he became the White House doctor he doubted that he would include in Mr. Trump’s annual checkup any psychometric tests as a base line for potential dementia. Mr. Trump’s father, Fred, suffered from Alzheimer’s disease in his eighties and a number of experts have urged that older political leaders undergo such tests.
Dr. Bornstein also said he had cared for Mr. Trump’s first and third wives, and occasionally for the second. “I am probably the only person in the world who has every phone number for him and all the wives,” Dr. Bornstein said.
About a month ago, Dr. Bornstein said he told Mr. Trump’s secretary, Rhona Graff, “You know, I should be the White House physician.” Past presidents like Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush brought their own doctors to the White House, but others have used a White House physician.
Dr. Bornstein was invited to Mr. Trump’s inaugural, although he said it was not as pleasant an experience as he expected. He had to walk a long way to a spot where he thought there would be a chair — he said he has a painful back ailment and nerve damage to a leg — but when he got there, there was no chair.
He stood behind a tree and “never heard anyone speak because I was so uncomfortable from my back and being cold.” He felt, he said, “absolutely miserable.” It seemed to take forever to leave because of the heavy security, he said. The situation was the same at an inaugural ball where there were no tables and chairs. So, he said, unable to chat comfortably with others, he and his wife, Melissa, returned to their hotel early.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Anthony Scaramucci, an investment firm founder and a Republican donor, will not be taking a senior job at the White House as previously announced, a senior administration official said Wednesday.
Mr. Scaramucci was informed on Wednesday by Reince Priebus, President Trump’s chief of staff, and by Stephen K. Bannon, the president’s top strategist, that he would not get the job as liaison to the business community.
Mr. Priebus and Mr. Bannon, the official said, plan to find another role in the administration for Mr. Scaramucci in the future. The official spoke on the condition of anonymity because Mr. Scaramucci’s name had not officially been withdrawn.
At issue is Mr. Scaramucci’s sale of his firm, SkyBridge Capital, to a division of HNA Group, a politically connected Chinese conglomerate that would become the firm’s majority owner. The sale has not been completed, and administration officials said the White House Counsel’s Office had predicted that it would take up to three months for Mr. Scaramucci to be cleared of potential ethics conflicts.
The White House is operating without a functioning Office of Public Liaison and Intergovernmental Affairs, which Mr. Scaramucci would have led. Part of the job is to help coordinate matters across government agencies, a pressing need as protests over the president’s immigration order sweep the country.
The New York Times reported Tuesday that HNA Group has strong ties to China’s ruling Communist Party and an opaque ownership structure. China experts say leading Chinese firms like HNA are looking for avenues of influence in a White House that is already stoking tensions on trade and other issues.
HNA, a financial behemoth whose interests range from aviation to supermarkets, has said that SkyBridge will give it a foothold in America’s asset management business. The $180 million deal could be finalized as late as the end of June.
To avoid conflicts of interest, Mr. Scaramucci had agreed to recuse himself from anything to do with SkyBridge and HNA. One ethics lawyer suggested that he could have steered clear of the entire financial services sector and still carried out his duties.
“This does not seem to me to be a clear disqualifying factor,” said Richard W. Painter, the chief White House ethics lawyer for two years under President George W. Bush. “Another possibility is they decided not to keep him for a political reason and cited an ethics conflict as a cover.”
This was not the first time that the Trump team has announced an appointment and later changed course. Mr. Trump’s choice for communications director backed out, as did a deputy National Security Council pick accused of plagiarism.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — They are three dozen of the best-financed, most battle-hardened players in the conservative movement — among them, the Koch network, the National Rifle Association and leading evangelical and anti-abortion groups.
Their grass-roots organizations extend to precincts and parishes in all 50 states. And their causes span the full spectrum of issues that animate the right’s most devoted followers, meaning they don’t always see eye to eye.
But on this they agree: They cannot take any chances that President Trump’s nominee to the Supreme Court is stopped.
Right after the election — before some of them had ever even heard of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, the federal judge Mr. Trump named on Tuesday to fill the high court vacancy left by the death of Justice Antonin Scalia — conservative groups banded together in what they expect to be a multimillion-dollar campaign to fight what they say could become the most contentious Supreme Court confirmation battle since Justice Clarence Thomas’s in 1991.
Mr. Trump’s final choice was almost a moot point.
The groups drew up mock websites to promote the candidates they thought most likely to be picked, working from the list of 21 names Mr. Trump said comprised his finalists. They started planning megachurch gatherings and produced television commercials that would be ready to ship out as soon as the nominee was known. And on Tuesday night, the Faith and Freedom Coalition, one of the three dozen groups involved, pushed the button to print 1.8 million postcards that will go out to supporters in a dozen states that were carried by Mr. Trump but have Democratic senators.
The design and messaging — “Emergency Call to Action!” — were already set. All the group needed to do was to plug in Judge Gorsuch’s name and picture into the blank spaces on its template.
The Judicial Crisis Network started working on its campaign for Judge Gorsuch weeks ago, building on the organizational work it had done to block President Barack Obama’s nomination of Judge Merrick B. Garland for the Scalia seat. For Judge Gorsuch, as well as other possible nominees from Mr. Trump’s list they considered likely, they located videos of old speeches, pictures of him and his family and legal writings. They had even already purchased the URL for a promotional website, ConfirmGorsuch.com. The site went live Tuesday night at 8:05.
“The Supreme Court unifies our whole team more than anything else — and we do usually have more trouble than the left in being unified,” said Gary Marx, who is coordinating the coalition’s grass-roots efforts for the Judicial Crisis Network.
“In this Week 1 and Week 2,” he vowed, “you’re going to see shock and awe.” The Judicial Crisis Network has said it will spend $10 million on a campaign to support Mr. Gorsuch.
In a demonstration of how closely Mr. Trump plans to rely on the coalition, he gathered several of its leaders at the White House on Wednesday, including the N.R.A. president, Wayne LaPierre; the antitax activist Grover Norquist; and Marjorie Dannenfelser, who heads the Susan B. Anthony List, a group that opposes abortion. The scene, in the Roosevelt Room, was a vivid reminder of how the changeover in Washington has opened the White House door to conservative movement players who found themselves shut out for the last eight years.
The breadth of their effort underscores what the movement considers to be at stake. Business regulations, abortion restrictions, religious expression and voting rights could all be before the court in the coming years.
The mobilization now underway illustrates the unique power that the Supreme Court has in energizing the right. Exit polls showed that 21 percent of voters said the court was the most important factor in their decision. Mr. Trump overwhelmingly carried them, 57 percent to Hillary Clinton’s 40 percent.
In an attempt to placate skeptical conservatives during his campaign, he took the unprecedented step of providing movement leaders with the list of names from which he would pick, leaving activists reasonably assured that they would be comfortable with his decision. They felt that assurance because many of them — including those now working on the Gorsuch confirmation campaign — suggested the names in the first place.
“He was smart enough to understand that he needed to make that promise, and in a highly tangible and credible way,” said Ralph Reed, founder of the Faith and Freedom Coalition and one of the conservative leaders Mr. Trump invited to the White House on Tuesday to watch the Gorsuch announcement. “That was, of course, because of the deep paranoia on the right that he would betray them.”
In the end, 81 percent of white evangelicals, a group Mr. Trump initially struggled to win over, voted for him.
Now, many of them — and more — are going to battle for him. The Susan B. Anthony List is working to pressure Democratic senators facing re-election in 2018.
The Family Research Council is planning a simulcast that will be broadcast in evangelical churches across the country to rally support for Judge Gorsuch. “The presidential election energized people in a way I have not seen,” said Tony Perkins, the group’s president, who was also at the White House on Tuesday night. “The evangelical community is engaged. They’re basically waiting for direction.”
The network financed by Charles and David Koch will engage four of their organizations — Americans for Prosperity; Concerned Veterans for America; Generation Opportunity, a millennial-focused group; and the Libre Initiative, a Hispanic-focused group. Ads, phone calls and door knocking are part of a plan that could reach seven figures, which would be a considerable investment considering the Kochs refused to support Mr. Trump during the campaign.
The N.R.A. plans to engage its members on the issue of the Heller decision, the 5-to-4 ruling in 2008 in which the Supreme Court protected the right to handgun ownership. Judge Gorsuch, said Chris Cox, executive director of the N.R.A.’s political arm, “will protect our right to keep and bear arms and is an outstanding choice to fill Justice Scalia’s seat.”
In a Republican Party that is already showing signs of strain over the frenzied first two weeks of Mr. Trump’s presidency, the confirmation process could be a unifier, especially if Democrats begin to quickly and aggressively resist. And it could provide a fresh impetus at a time when the left is showing its own signs of organization and mobilization.
“The fact of the matter is, we’ve never had a movement that has this kind of breadth and depth,” said Leonard Leo, a veteran of previous confirmation fights who has been advising Mr. Trump’s White House on the selection.
Mr. Leo attributed the passion to what he said was the emphasis that conservatives place on the court. “Armies that are premised on fundamental principles are bigger and they are more committed,” he added.



ARTICLE
In an event with black supporters billed as an “African-American History Month listening session,” President Trump on Wednesday veered into some of his preferred topics, including crime and media bias.
Kicking off the session in the White House’s Roosevelt Room, Mr. Trump promised to “honor the tremendous history of the African-Americans throughout our country.” A full transcript of the president’s remarks was provided by the White House.
The president mentioned the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. early in his remarks, saying that his “incredible example is unique in American history.”
He then quickly turned to an earlier grievance, what he called “fake news,” citing the mistaken and quickly corrected pool report that Dr. King’s bust had been removed from the Oval Office, a topic that received considerable attention in the days after the inauguration. Mr. Trump told the group:
Mr. Trump, who was seated next to his Housing and Urban Development Secretary nominee, Ben Carson, also made a special mention of Frederick Douglass, which caused critics to conclude that he believed the iconic abolitionist, writer and speaker was still alive. Douglass died in 1895. Mr. Trump spoke of him in the present tense:
The president also repeated claims that American communities are not safe:
Recent F.B.I. data indicates that crime rates have been dropping for decades, despite a slight uptick in violent crimes in 2015 that was mostly concentrated in urban areas, including Chicago, which Mr. Trump referred to as “totally out of control.”
Mr. Trump also took the opportunity to call the news media “the opposition party,” something his chief strategist, Stephen K. Bannon, had said in an interview with The Times.
Mr. Trump told the group:
At other points Mr. Trump thanked Fox News for treating him “very nice” and insinuated that CNN was “fake news.”
The group included more than a dozen people who introduced themselves briefly. They included a pastor and his wife, a former Capitol police officer, a defense employee, and an official with the Thurgood Marshall College Fund, among others. Also on hand were members of Mr. Trump’s staff, including Omarosa Manigault, a contestant from his programs “The Apprentice” and “Celebrity Apprentice.” She has been named director of communications for his Office of Public Liaison.
“Omarosa is actually a very nice person,” Mr. Trump joked, prompting laughter. “Nobody knows that but I don’t want to destroy her reputation.”
Social media reactions to the president’s comments were swift, with many questioning his commitment to celebrating Black History Month.
More broadly, critics pointed out that Mr. Trump has a checkered history in the area of race relations, from his comments about the five black and Latino teenagers who were falsely accused and later exonerated of raping a white woman in Central Park in 1989, to his recent Twitter spat with Representative John Lewis, the Georgia Democrat and civil rights leader.
Last month, after Mr. Lewis called Mr. Trump an “illegitimate president,” Mr. Trump criticized the civil rights leader as being “all talk, talk, talk – no actions or results. Sad!” He later tried to defuse the angry reaction by meeting with Dr. King’s eldest son.



ARTICLE
In a highly unusual turn of events for a sitting president, a federal judge in Florida on Wednesday ordered a golf resort owned by President Trump to pay $5.7 million for refusing to refund deposits to members who wanted to resign from the club.
In his ruling, the judge said that Mr. Trump, by sending a letter in late 2012 denying access to members who wanted to resign from the Trump National Golf Club in Jupiter — a process that could take years — had set off a contract clause that should have resulted in an immediate refund of their membership fees. Instead, the money was withheld.
The decision is the first court judgment against a company owned by Mr. Trump since he became president last month, and underscores that while Mr. Trump has stepped away from the operations of his company, he is certain to remain dogged by legal controversies connected to his business.
At his new hotel in Washington, Mr. Trump is suing two celebrity chefs for breach of contract. The two men backed out of the Trump International Hotel development in 2015 after Mr. Trump made inflammatory comments about Mexican immigrants. Separately, the federal government owns the building that houses the hotel, and some legal experts have said that Mr. Trump may be in violation of his lease, which appears to prohibit federal elected officials from leasing the building.
And last month, a lawsuit was filed in federal court in Manhattan contending that Mr. Trump had violated the emoluments clause of the Constitution by allowing his hotels and other businesses to accept payments from foreign governments.
Mr. Trump has not sold any of his assets, which include golf courses, commercial real estate and marketing agreements. Rather he has handed the operations of his company over to his eldest sons, Donald Jr. and Eric, a move he hopes will reduce the appearance of conflict of interest.
Wednesday’s ruling — by Judge Kenneth Marra of Federal District Court in West Palm Beach, an appointee of President George W. Bush’s — calls for the club to pay $4.85 million in withheld fees to 65 club members involved in the lawsuit, plus an additional $925,000 in interest and other costs. As a result, those members will receive refunds of $35,000 to $200,000, depending on their level of membership in the club.
Amanda Miller, a spokeswoman for the Trump Organization, said the company planned to appeal.
“At the time Trump purchased the club, it was suffering financially, making it unlikely that these members would ever get back their deposits,” Ms. Miller said in a statement. “At trial, we presented overwhelming evidence that the plaintiffs’ memberships were never recalled and that the plaintiffs had waived this argument during the course of the litigation.”
The dispute at the Jupiter club centered on contracts signed by club members with the facility’s previous owner, Ritz-Carlton. To join, members paid initiation fees as high as $210,000, depending on the type of membership that they wanted. But under Ritz-Carlton’s rules those deposits were refundable when a member resigned.
That process, however, could take years and while members on the resignation list waited for their turn to come up they could still use the club so long as they paid annual fees and other costs like food and beverage minimums.
That all changed in 2012 when the Trump Organization bought the Jupiter club. Soon afterward, Mr. Trump sent a letter to members saying that those who wanted to resign were no longer welcome there. “I do not want them to utilize the club, nor do I want their dues,” the letter read.
After club members sued, Mr. Trump testified in 2015 during a pretrial deposition that although he had signed the letter, it was his second-eldest son, Eric Trump, who was in charge of policies at the family’s golf courses.
“Eric is much more familiar with this club,” his father said. “He runs it.”
In his pretrial deposition, Eric Trump testified that nothing had changed and that club members seeking to resign had been allowed to use the club so long as they paid their dues.
That claim, however, was disputed at trial last year.
One member on the resignation list, Richard Slawson, testified that the club’s membership manager told him soon after the Trumps took it over that the club was off-limits. But he continued to receive $6,000 bills for annual dues and thousands in minimum charges for food and beverages that were never consumed.
“I couldn’t believe that we were charged that when we were not allowed to use the club,” Mr. Slawson, a Florida lawyer, said in a recent telephone interview.
Confronted with such testimony, the younger Mr. Trump during his court testimony backed off his assertions and acknowledged he had been mistaken.
“He made himself our strongest witness,” a plaintiff’s lawyer, Bradley Edwards, said about Eric Trump. “There was no way to reconcile his prior testimony with his testimony at trial.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Rex W. Tillerson, the former chairman and chief executive of Exxon Mobil, was confirmed by the Senate on Wednesday in a 56-to-43 vote to become the nation’s 69th secretary of state just as serious strains have emerged with important international allies.
The votes against Mr. Tillerson’s confirmation were the most in Senate history for a secretary of state, a reflection of Democratic unease with President Trump’s early foreign policy pronouncements that threaten to upend a multilateral approach that has guided United States presidents since World War II.
Thirteen senators voted in 2005 against Condoleezza Rice in the midst of a deteriorating Iraq war, and in 1825, Henry Clay was confirmed 27 to 14, the record for votes against until Wednesday, according to a tally provided by the Senate Historical Office.
In a brief swearing-in ceremony in the Oval Office on Wednesday evening, Mr. Trump said Mr. Tillerson understood “the importance of strengthening our alliances and forming new alliances to enhance our strategic interests and the safety of our people.”
Mr. Trump added, “It’s time to bring a clear-eyed focus on foreign affairs, to take a fresh look at the world around us, and to seek new solutions grounded in very ancient truths.”
Mr. Tillerson thanked him and promised to “represent the interests of all of the American people at all times.”
Mr. Tillerson is expected to appear at the State Department’s Foggy Bottom headquarters on Thursday morning, when he will address department employees.
Mr. Trump’s unapologetically nationalistic approach has put into question the value of many alliances and multilateral institutions. How Mr. Tillerson’s translates Mr. Trump’s vow of “America First” into the kind of polite diplomatic parlance that will maintain vital ties will be a significant test.
Among his other challenges are dealing with Mr. Trump’s promises to recast relations with China and Russia, move the American Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv, and re-examine an international nuclear deal with Iran.
In a White House briefing on Wednesday, Michael Flynn, the national security adviser, issued a stern warning to Iran. “The Obama administration failed to respond adequately to Tehran’s malign actions,” he said.
Mr. Tillerson, 64, a Texan, earned an engineering degree from the University of Texas at Austin, got a job at Exxon in 1975 and climbed his way to the top, leaving only last year. Neither a diplomat, soldier nor politician, he is an unconventional choice for the job, but has vast international experience.
With operations on six continents, Exxon Mobil is in some ways a state within a state. As its chief executive, Mr. Tillerson struck deals with repressive governments — in at least one case, against the advice of the State Department. Environmentalists largely opposed his nomination.
But his views on international affairs are in many ways more conventional than those of Mr. Trump, which is why even Democratic-leaning foreign affairs experts said they welcomed his selection in hopes he would bring ballast to a turbulent administration.
“Rex Tillerson will have the most demanding and complex agenda to face a secretary of state in a very long time,” said R. Nicholas Burns, a Harvard professor and career foreign service officer.
Another crucial question will be how much influence Mr. Tillerson has on Mr. Trump. All cabinet secretaries must compete for power with White House aides who have long personal relationships with and frequent access to the president. But Mr. Trump’s reliance on a close circle of advisers to write and vet executive orders while keeping departments that must implement them largely in the dark is without precedent.
Mr. Trump invited Mr. Tillerson for a private lunch at the White House on Wednesday, the first time Mr. Tillerson has appeared on the president’s official schedule.
Mollifying allies infuriated by Mr. Trump’s orders could be a full-time job. A ban on refugee arrivals and entries from seven Muslim countries, for instance, has enraged Iraqi officials whose cooperation is vital in the fight against the Islamic State — a top administration priority. It has also infuriated many European leaders crucial to efforts not only in Syria, but Afghanistan and Libya as well, and it has tarnished what had been viewed as a successful trip by Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain, who on Monday said she opposed the ban.
Relations with Mexico have plunged to their lowest level in decades after Mr. Trump insisted he would build a border wall regardless of Mexican opposition.
The relationship with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany threatened to become toxic after Peter Navarro, the director of Mr. Trump’s new National Trade Council, denounced the relatively low value of the euro as an unfair currency advantage for Germany.
“Tillerson faces the most difficult task of any secretary of state in the postwar era in trying to reconcile President Trump’s intention to make a stark break from decades of bipartisan consensus U.S. foreign policy leadership with the reality that, if he succeeds, such a break could lead to global chaos,” said Ryan C. Crocker, who served as the United States ambassador to five Muslim countries.
Mr. Tillerson may also face difficult internal hurdles. Much of his department’s top leadership has departed — many because the Trump administration, like others before it, refused to keep political appointees. But the Trump transition team has been so short-handed and the pickings among Republican foreign policy veterans who had not criticized Mr. Trump so slim that dozens of positions are likely to remain empty for some time.
More worrisome, morale among the department’s rank-and-file career officers has plunged, with a dissent memo against the administration’s refugee and entry bans being submitted on Tuesday garnering more than 900 signatures, an extraordinary number.
Whether Mr. Tillerson meets these challenges with defiance or moderation will be a telling indication of his leadership.
Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said Monday that foreign service officers “can get with the program or they can go.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Two Republican senators on Wednesday said they would vote against President Trump’s nominee for education secretary, delivering a blow to the White House and raising the possibility that Vice President Mike Pence would have to break a tie to win her confirmation.
The nominee, Betsy DeVos, a billionaire with a complex web of financial investments, had already faced fierce opposition from Democrats and labor unions because of her political contributions to Republicans and her involvement in pushing alternatives to public education. But her confirmation hearing in front of the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions, during which she flubbed answers on education policy, also brought concerns from Republicans.
Senator Lisa Murkowski, Republican of Alaska, said Ms. DeVos had failed to demonstrate that she understood what public schools needed to succeed. “I have serious concerns about a nominee to be secretary of education who has been so involved in one side of the equation, so immersed in the push for vouchers, that she may be unaware of what actually is successful within the public schools, and also what is broken and how to fix them,” Ms. Murkowski said.
Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine, said she respected Ms. DeVos’s clear devotion to students and “valuable work” in education. But she said she remained troubled by Ms. DeVos’s focus on alternatives to public education, as well as what Ms. Collins called a “lack of familiarity” with federal laws protecting children with special needs and disabilities.
“Her concentration on charter schools and vouchers, however, raises the question about whether or not she fully appreciates that the secretary of education’s primary focus must be on helping states and communities, parents, teachers, school board administrators, school board members and administrators strengthen our public schools,” Ms. Collins said. “I will not, I cannot, vote to confirm her as our nation’s next secretary of education.”
Senators and education advocates from both sides of the aisle were taken aback by Ms. DeVos’s comments at her Jan. 17 confirmation hearing about core responsibilities of the Department of Education.  One exchange with Senator Tim Kaine, Democrat of Virginia, was later promoted heavily on social media by the Democratic Party and activist groups, including national education unions.
In it, Mr. Kaine asked Ms. DeVos whether all schools that receive public money should have to follow the requirements of the Individuals With Disabilities Education Act, known as IDEA. Ms. DeVos responded, “I think that’s a matter that’s best left to the states.”
In fact, under IDEA, a landmark 1975 civil rights law, states and school districts are required to provide special education services to children with disabilities. During the hearing, Ms. Collins said she had “heard repeatedly” from school officials that the most important action the federal government could take on education would be “to fulfill the promise” of IDEA by providing more funding for those students.
Ms. DeVos responded to Ms. Collins that she would look at funding levels, but said, “Maybe the money should follow individual students instead of going directly to the states.”
The pushback against Ms. DeVos played out in thousands of emails and phone calls urging senators to vote against her. Protesters showed up at her confirmation hearing, outside senators’ offices and in Michigan, where Ms. DeVos has been involved in pushing education policies.
Her nomination now hangs precariously on whether Republicans will rally the support of a few undeclared colleagues, or woo Democratic dissenters. Her chances got a boost on Wednesday with the support of two Republicans who were originally believed to oppose her, Senators Dean Heller of Nevada and Patrick J. Toomey of Pennsylvania.
If the Senate’s Democrats and independents vote together, just one more Republican defection would be fatal to Ms. DeVos’s prospects. If all other senators vote along party lines, Mr. Pence could break a 50-50 tie in his capacity as president of the Senate. But three Republican votes opposing her confirmation would result in an outright rejection of her nomination.
Ms. DeVos’s opponents said on Wednesday that they would target specific Republicans, including Mr. Heller and Senator Rob Portman of Ohio.
If enough senators oppose Ms. DeVos, it would be just the second time in history that the Senate rejected a nominee for a first-term president assembling his cabinet, according to the Senate Historical Office.
After Ms. Collins’s and Ms. Murkowski’s announcements, the Senate opened consideration of Ms. DeVos’s nomination Wednesday, scheduling the first procedural hurdle to her confirmation for Friday. But amid strong Democratic opposition, it looks unlikely that the Senate’s final vote will come until early next week.
The president of the National Education Association, Lily Eskelsen García, said educators, parents and students were “grateful” for the opposition by Ms. Collins and Ms. Murkowski. “The nation is speaking out; senators need to listen,” Ms. Eskelsen García said.
Dan Cantor, national director of the Working Families Party, which has been organizing protests outside senators’ offices, said his group would be holding regular protests at Mr. Heller’s office. Opponents of Ms. DeVos said they would target other Republicans, including Mr. Portman.
“The DeVos family has given millions to elect Republicans, but that shouldn’t buy her a cabinet post,” Mr. Cantor said. “The first step was unity from the Senate Democrats. Now we’re going to keep up that pressure on Senate Republicans.”
Democrats, teachers unions and liberal protesters have voiced concern about the DeVos family’s contributions to groups that support so-called conversion therapy for gay people; Ms. DeVos’s more than $200 million in donations to Republicans and their causes; and her past statements that government “sucks” and that public schools are a “dead end.” Opponents have also focused on the poor performance of charter schools in Detroit, which Ms. DeVos has bankrolled even as she resisted legislation that would have blocked chronically failing charter schools from expanding.
The White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, swiftly brushed off the defections as inconsequential, saying he had “zero” concern about Ms. DeVos’s confirmation by the Senate.
Ms. DeVos’s opponents were undeterred.
“The more people get to know how ill equipped Betsy DeVos is to strengthen public schools, how disconnected she is from public schools, and how her record has been focused on pursuing for-profit charters and vouchers, and not children, the more the people who believe in the importance of public education are joining to oppose her,” said Randi Weingarten, president of the American Federation of Teachers.
Meanwhile, in a display of fierce resistance against Mr. Trump that played out in a proxy battle against his nominees, Senate Democrats again boycotted committee votes on the nominations of Representative Tom Price and Steven T. Mnuchin, the president’s picks to lead the Department of Health and Human Services and the Treasury, respectively. Democrats argued that new information had emerged to suggest that the two nominees had not been truthful in their confirmation testimony.
Determined not to be thwarted, the committee’s Republicans broke with the longstanding practice that at least one member of the minority party be present and held the votes anyway, unanimously agreeing to send the nominations to the Senate floor.
At the same time, a divided Senate Judiciary Committee greenlighted Senator Jeff Sessions’s nomination as attorney general along a straight party-line vote, sending it to the full Senate for a final vote. Democrats also boycotted a planned committee vote Wednesday on Scott Pruitt, Mr. Trump’s choice to lead the Environmental Protection Agency, and continued to slow down consideration of Representative Mick Mulvaney, his pick for White House budget director.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — A divided Senate Judiciary Committee approved the nomination of Senator Jeff Sessions as attorney general Wednesday, despite a fierce pushback from Democrats over President Trump’s firing this week of the Justice Department’s acting chief, who had objected to the administration’s refugee policy.
The action came on a straight party-line vote, with 11 Republicans supporting their former colleague from Alabama and nine Democrats opposing him.
The full, Republican-controlled Senate now appears ready to approve Mr. Sessions’ nomination next week, which would give the Justice Department and its 113,000 employees a full-time boss after a tumultuous few days that called its independence into question.
The judiciary committee vote came two days after Mr. Trump ousted Sally Q. Yates, a holdover from the Obama administration who was acting attorney general. Ms Yates had refused to defend the president’s order on refugees, saying its legality was unclear. The White House accused her of having “betrayed” her department.
Democrats zeroed in Ms. Yates’s dismissal, and said Mr. Sessions, an early supporter of Mr. Trump’s long-shot campaign who went on to become an influential adviser, would not have the independence to challenge the White House on questions of the law and policy. At his confirmation hearing last month, Mr. Sessions pledged repeatedly that he would be able to “say no” to Mr. Trump if needed and would not be “a mere rubber stamp” on issues like immigration and national security.
The debate turned ugly as committee members traded personal barbs and accusations of “untoward” behavior. The jousting started when Senator Al Franken, a Minnesota Democrat, began challenging Mr. Sessions’s civil rights record and claimed that another committee member, Senator Ted Cruz, Republican of Texas, had “misrepresented” the issue.
Mr. Cruz was not at the committee hearing at the time, but his fellow Texan, Senator John Cornyn, rushed to his defense and cut off Mr. Franken midspeech.
“I object to the senator disparaging a fellow member of the committee here in his absence,” Mr. Cornyn interjected angrily.
“Well, he should be here — first of all — and, secondly, he disparaged me,” Mr. Franken responded.
“I would hope he would do it to his face,” Mr. Cornyn said. The attack on Mr. Cruz, he said a moment later, was “untoward and it’s inappropriate and I object.”
Senator Charles E. Grassley, the chairman of the committee, told the two senators that “we’d be better off if we just let it go.”
But the two senators did not, and Mr. Grassley eventually complained that they were putting him “in an awful bad position.”
“Could you please leave personalities out of it?” he implored.
Mr. Franken went right on talking — with Mr. Cruz at the center of his attacks.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump, seeming to relish a fight with Democrats over his nominee to the Supreme Court, encouraged the Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, on Wednesday to invoke the so-called nuclear option and abandon the 60-vote threshold for confirmation.
“If we end up with that gridlock, I would say, ‘If you can, Mitch, go nuclear,’” the president said.
Democrats are weighing strategies for opposing the nomination of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch and debating how aggressively to pursue a battle over a seat that many of them believe was stolen from their party.
In selecting a respected, deeply conservative jurist, Mr. Trump has dared Democrats to pursue the kind of blanket obstructionism that they long accused Republicans of embracing during the Obama administration.
“That would be an absolute shame if a man of this quality was put up to that neglect,” he said from the Roosevelt Room of the White House.
For the Democrats, who have struggled to match the fury and zeal of the party’s base during the wave of anti-Trump activism since the election, a full-scale showdown may prove unavoidable, doubling as a referendum on resistance tactics to a White House that liberals fear.
Democrats intend to repeatedly remind the public about the Republicans’ treatment of Merrick B. Garland, President Barack Obama’s nominee to fill the vacant seat last year, who was blocked from even receiving a hearing. Mr. McConnell had said a justice should not be seated during an election year, even though there is no prohibition on such action.
Now, their gambit successful, Republicans will seek to capitalize on the groundwork laid since Mr. Trump’s election. Leading conservative groups have united for a multimillion-dollar campaign to help Judge Gorsuch, producing television commercials, planning gatherings at megachurches and contacting supporters to encourage them to demand a vote from their senators.
For Republicans who were leery of Mr. Trump’s campaign last year, the prospect of adding a conservative to the court was often a powerful motivator to stay in line. He has rewarded their faith.
On Wednesday, as Judge Gorsuch made his initial courtesy visits to senators on Capitol Hill, Republican lawmakers assumed the tone of a party in power, appealing for unity and adherence to Senate custom.
Judge Gorsuch’s first call after the announcement of his nomination was to Mr. Garland, as a gesture of respect, according to Ron Bonjean, a spokesman for the nomination effort.
The nominee was also joined on Wednesday by Kelly Ayotte, a well-liked former Republican senator from New Hampshire, who is helping to shepherd him through the nominating process months after losing her re-election bid.
After greeting Judge Gorsuch during his visit, Mr. McConnell asked Democrats to heed their own calls to restore the court to its rightful size.
“I would invite Democrats who spent many months insisting we need nine to join us in following through on that advice,” he said from the Senate floor.
So far, Democrats have appeared unmoved, and occasionally seething.
Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the minority leader, said Judge Gorsuch — who sits on the United States Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit — must meet the 60-vote threshold required to overcome a filibuster in the Senate.
History — and especially recent history — demand it, he suggested.
“This is nothing new. It was a bar met by each of President Obama’s nominations,” Mr. Schumer said. He argued that if Judge Gorsuch could not attract enough support, “the answer will not be to change the rules of the Senate, but to change the nominee to someone who can earn 60 votes.”
He added that Mr. Trump’s White House had demonstrated “less respect for the rule of law than any in recent memory,” placing a “special burden on this nominee to be an independent jurist.”
Breaking a filibuster would require eight members of the Democratic caucus to join the 52 members of the Republican majority to advance the nomination, or force Republicans to change longstanding rules and push through the nomination on a simple majority vote.
Transfers of power from one party to the other often compel lawmakers to shift their perspectives, leaning on arguments they once rejected. But the bipartisan whiplash in the Senate has been especially striking.
Since Mr. Trump’s announcement, the two parties have rushed headlong into an embrace of the other’s former talking points. Republicans have cast Judge Gorsuch as an unassailable choice, as Democrats did with Judge Garland, trumpeting his appeals court record and his impressive credentials.
They reminded some Senate Democrats that they had voted to confirm Judge Gorsuch to a lower court once upon a time, as some Republicans had for Judge Garland. Senators like Ted Cruz, Republican of Texas — who, before the election, raised the possibility of blocking a nomination indefinitely if Hillary Clinton won the presidency — have insisted on swift action.
And some Democrats have argued, after nearly a year spent lamenting the vacancy on the court since Justice Antonin Scalia’s death, that Judge Gorsuch must not be allowed to assume the seat.
“The Democrats should treat Trump’s SCOTUS pick with the exact same courtesy the GOP showed Merrick Garland,” Dan Pfeiffer, a former senior adviser to Mr. Obama, wrote on Twitter. “Don’t flinch, don’t back down.”
Reactions to Judge Gorsuch’s nomination among Democrats seemed to sort themselves into three camps: There were some cautious statements, often from moderate Democrats in states that Mr. Trump won, urging careful consideration of the pick. There were policy-based concerns raised about Judge Gorsuch’s trail of conservative opinions and leanings. And there were arguments that did not focus much on Judge Gorsuch at all, instead framing the choice of any judge not named Merrick Garland as illegitimate.
“This Supreme Court seat was stolen from the Obama administration,” Senator Jeff Merkley, Democrat of Oregon, said on Wednesday. “It casts a big shadow over it. If this seat is filled in this manner, it’s going to undermine the integrity of the court, the legitimacy of the court, for decades to come.”
Senator Richard Blumenthal, Democrat of Connecticut and a member of the Judiciary Committee, struck a more conciliatory note, to a point.
“Republicans were outrageously wrong in denying Merrick Garland a hearing and a vote. But two wrongs don’t make a right,” he said in an interview. “We should support a hearing and a vote for Neil Gorsuch. It’s part of the Senate’s job.”
He added, though, that Judge Gorsuch should be required to clear 60 votes.
In the interim, Democrats and progressive activists have begun zeroing in on elements of Judge Gorsuch’s record. Among their concerns is the fact that he has voted in favor of employers, including Hobby Lobby, who cited religious objections in refusing to provide some forms of contraception coverage to female workers.
Mr. Schumer said Judge Gorsuch had “repeatedly sided with corporations over working people” and demonstrated “a hostility toward women’s rights.”
Even before many Democrats weighed in, Republicans dismissed any complaints about Judge Gorsuch as empty posturing. Some senators were more creative than others.
“Senator Schumer is about to tell Americans that Judge Gorsuch kicks puppies and heckles piano recitals,” Senator Ben Sasse, Republican of Nebraska, said.
That, he hastened to add, was untrue.



ARTICLE
Vincent Viola, the billionaire Wall Street trader who is President Trump’s nominee to be secretary of the Army, has been negotiating to sell his airline, a move that would alleviate a potential conflict of interest. But, if the deal goes ahead, he may be buying himself another headache.
Mr. Viola, co-owner of the Florida Panthers hockey team with an estimated net worth of approximately $1.8 billion, has been trying to swap his majority interest in Eastern Air Lines for a smaller stake in Swift Air, a charter company with millions of dollars in hard-to-track government subcontracts, according to people with knowledge of the negotiations who spoke on the condition of anonymity.
While Mr. Viola’s reasons for seeking a sale of Eastern Air Lines are not known, such a transaction would certainly reduce his exposure to the airline industry, which is heavily regulated by the federal government. But in exchange, Mr. Viola, a retired Army major, may find himself in the precarious position of being a government official who benefits from federal contracts.
Mr. Trump has asked an unusual number of extraordinarily wealthy businesspeople to join his administration, and ethics lawyers and government watchdog groups have predicted that their complicated financial lives could create conflicts of interest. Mr. Viola has remained largely under the radar, but his airline negotiations bring an unexpected twist, showing that even when appointees try to sell assets, the transactions can be bedeviled with ethical issues.
It is not known exactly how much Swift, based in Phoenix, earns from the government; it is a subcontractor and its government business is not logged in any public, federal contracting database online. But one person with knowledge of its operations said it takes in at least $15 million to $18 million a year from Immigration and Customs Enforcement alone, in part from deporting illegal immigrants.
As for Eastern, James Tolzien, the company’s chief executive, said the airline had flown just three government-related flights, transporting child refugees for the Administration for Children and Families.
If the deal proceeds, Swift would have a powerful shareholder who has the president’s ear at a time when Mr. Trump is looking to increase deportations.
“As a government official, he would be in a position to push the policy in a way that benefits him,” said Charles Tiefer, a law professor at the University of Baltimore who specializes in government contracting. “As an ethical matter, that would be inappropriate. And he should not put himself in a position where he could push a controversial policy in a direction that profits him.”
Mr. Viola is not the only appointee with a complicated portfolio.
On Wednesday, Anthony Scaramucci, a former Trump campaign fund-raiser who was awaiting swearing in as the White House liaison to the business community, was told to step aside in the face of concerns over the recent sale of his investment firm to a Chinese company with deep ties to the nation’s Communist Party.
And in January, The New York Times reported that Jared Kushner, Mr. Trump’s son-in-law, had been involved in negotiations to sell a stake in his family’s flagship building to a large, opaque Chinese company.
Mr. Kushner, who was subsequently appointed a senior adviser to the president, has resigned as chief executive of his family’s real estate firm and announced plans to sell various assets to his brother or to a family trust controlled by his mother, a plan that some ethics experts said did not go far enough.
In Mr. Viola’s case, the current status of the negotiations for his airline, which have not been previously reported, and the financial terms under discussion are not known. Eastern Air Lines — the latest, and far smaller incarnation of the once-famous domestic airline — is worth upward of $25 million and is 75 percent owned by Mr. Viola, according to one person with knowledge of its operations, who spoke on the condition of anonymity.
Mr. Tolzien declined to comment on whether his airline was in talks with Swift, saying only that Eastern Air Lines had received “numerous strategic offers for possible sale, acquisition or merger.” Jeff Conry, Swift’s chief executive, declined to comment.
David White, a spokesman for President Trump’s transition team and speaking on behalf of Mr. Viola, said: “Mr. Viola shared all of his business dealings with the transition and is actively pursuing full compliance with all requirements necessary for his confirmation.”
Mr. Trump seems particularly fond of Mr. Viola, who is the son of a truck driver and who founded Virtu Financial, a high-frequency trading company. “Vincent Viola, everybody likes Vincent,” Mr. Trump remarked just hours after his inauguration while signing orders nominating his cabinet at the Capitol. Nearby, the Senate minority leader, Chuck Schumer of New York, chimed in: “I like Vinnie.”
There has not been much media attention surrounding Mr. Viola’s nomination, though he did recently make the news because of an incident in August in which he was accused of punching a concessions worker at a racehorse auction in Saratoga Springs, N.Y. No charges were brought against him.
The man who may soon be Mr. Viola’s boss, Mr. Trump, is facing criticism of his own for how he has handled his business interests. He has ignored repeated calls to sell his assets to avoid allegations of self-dealing. Instead, Mr. Trump has said his two sons will run his company and his assets have been placed into a trust. The president, however, has refused to name the trust’s beneficiary or trustee publicly.
A top aide also recently said Mr. Trump had no intention of releasing his tax returns, a decision that leaves Americans largely in the dark about the extent of his business ties.
Mr. Trump’s situation is a bit different; the president is exempt from federal laws that prohibit employees from participating in government matters that will affect their own financial interests.
But Mr. Viola, along with Mr. Trump’s other picks for top government jobs, is not exempt. There are a variety of ways they can deal with assets that might present a conflict, including placing them in a blind trust, or selling them.
The Florida Panthers announced in December that Mr. Viola’s interest in the team would be placed in a trust, but it is unclear if this was done to address a conflict or simply to allow him to step away from the day-to-day operations of the team.
“I don’t see a conflict in the secretary of the Army owning a hockey team,” said Richard W. Painter, a professor of law at the University of Minnesota and a chief White House ethics lawyer under President George W. Bush.
Beyond that, Mr. Viola has yet to announce how he plans to deal with his assets. His confirmation hearing has not yet been held, and the Office of Government Ethics has not made available a list of his assets. Like Swift, two of Mr. Viola’s other major assets, Virtu and Independent Bank Group, are regulated by the federal government.
Though the nomination of Mr. Viola, who graduated from West Point, requires confirmation by the Senate, his new job is not a cabinet position.
Eastern Air Lines is a familiar name to many people; it was once one of the “big four” domestic airlines of the mid-20th century but eventually went bankrupt. A new company acquired the rights to its name and intellectual property, and Mr. Viola bought a majority stake in that company in 2014.
Eastern has six aircraft, according to the Federal Aviation Administration. The person with knowledge of its operations said it had not turned an annual profit since 2014. The company’s planes are primarily used to shuttle private clients, such as the Florida Panthers.
In October an Eastern Air Lines plane carrying Mike Pence, a vice-presidential candidate at the time, overshot the runway at La Guardia Airport, skidding sideways into a field of concrete blocks. The plane has not flown commercially since, resulting in a significant loss of revenue for Eastern, according to the people with knowledge of the matter.
Swift operates 12 Boeing 737s, according to F.A.A. records. A main client is CSI Aviation, a government contractor. CSI and Swift have provided charter flights to deport illegal immigrants. They also transport unaccompanied children apprehended near the United States border with Mexico to refugee and resettlement shelters, according to a document provided to Congress by Sarah Saldaña, former director of Immigration and Customs Enforcement under the Obama administration, and reviewed by The New York Times.
Since 2009, CSI Aviation has been paid more than $844 million in federal contracts, including over $819 million from the immigration agency, according to procurement records analyzed by The Times. Swift’s recent government work is more difficult to pin down because there is no comprehensive public, online database of federal subcontracts. Since 2010, the direct (or prime) recipients of federal contracts have been tasked with reporting some subcontract information for public consumption at USAspending.gov, but the results have been patchy.
“I.C.E. has no insight into a prime and subcontractor relationship,” said Sarah Rodriguez, a spokeswoman for the immigration agency, in response to questions about the amount of money Swift makes from its subcontracts with CSI Aviation.
As secretary of the Army, Mr. Viola would be the senior civilian official overseeing his agency’s budget and personnel. The Department of Defense, where he would work, generally represents about 70 percent of federal contract spending over all, and spent about $303 billion on contracts in the 2016 fiscal year, an uptick from the previous year. Almost $74 billion of that was spent by the Army. Comparatively, Immigration and Customs Enforcement spent about $1.3 billion in that period.
It is unclear whether Swift is currently doing any work for the military. If Mr. Viola were to interfere directly in the contracting process to favor a company, he could be in violation of contracting and conflict-of-interest laws.
“We’re not used to seeing company officials in such large numbers inside the government,” said Mr. Tiefer at the University of Baltimore. “It creates an opportunity for undue influence.”



ARTICLE
■ With two Republican senators now opposed, Betsy DeVos’s nomination to be education secretary is in trouble.
■ President Trump made an unscheduled trip to Dover Air Force Base to greet the remains of a fallen commando.
■ Why did President Trump already file to run for re-election? To make sure the money still flowing into his campaign does not have to be refunded.
Two Republican senators on Wednesday said they would vote against Ms. DeVos, the nominee to head the Education Department, raising the real prospect that Ms. DeVos could fail to garner the votes necessary to be confirmed.
Senators Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska said on the floor of the Senate that they would vote against Ms. DeVos.
“I will not, I cannot vote to confirm her as our nation’s next secretary of education,” Ms. Collins said.
Both senators, who voted to advance her selection out of committee, said they had serious reservations about her lack of familiarity with public schools. “I think that Mrs. DeVos has much to learn about our nation’s public schools,” Ms. Murkowski said.
Senator Al Franken, Democrat of Minnesota, has said he believes every Democrat will vote against Ms. DeVos. If that is the case, the defections by Ms. Collins and Ms. Murkowski would bring the number of votes against her to 50, setting up a tie in the Senate that Vice President Mike Pence, in his capacity as president of the Senate, might need to come in to settle.
Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said he had no worries.
“I am 100 percent confident she will be the next secretary of education,” he said.
President Trump flew to Dover Air Force Base in Delaware on Wednesday to honor the remains of a Navy commando killed in a raid on Al Qaeda forces in Yemen on Sunday, the first combat casualty of his presidency.
Mr. Trump left the White House by helicopter shortly after 3 p.m., accompanied by his daughter Ivanka. The White House did not announce his destination until shortly before he arrived, an unusual break with protocol, though former President Barack Obama paid multiple, unannounced visits to the Dover Air Base to receive the caskets of fallen soldiers.
At the air base, Mr. Trump attend a private ceremony with the family of the commando, Chief Petty Officer William “Ryan” Owens, who was a member of Navy Seal Team 6.
The raid was the first military operation ordered by Mr. Trump, and the press secretary, Sean Spicer, spoke emotionally about the sacrifice made by Chief Petty Officer Owens. With the exception of visits to war zones like Afghanistan and Iraq, presidents rarely, if ever, travel without notifying the news media in advance.
Mr. Trump, a senior White House official said, did not announce the trip out of respect for the privacy of the Owens family and because he did not want to turn it into a media spectacle.
When Mr. Obama traveled to Dover without notifying the media in 2011, it prompted a surge of questions from the White House press corps. The White House said it had made the decision based on security concerns.
On the day of his inauguration, President Trump filed paperwork to declare his candidacy in the 2020 election, but it wasn’t necessarily a show of supreme confidence — more like a grasp for cash.
Financial disclosures filed with the Federal Election Commission show that a lucrative December made the move an accounting necessity. The Trump campaign ended the year with $7.6 million in the bank and no debt, so any funds raised over $5,000 by the campaign in 2017 would have to be returned unless Mr. Trump registered as a candidate for 2020. He obviously was not prepared to offer refunds.
And the money has kept flowing. The campaign brought in more than $4 million in expense refunds, mostly from members of the media and the Secret Service for the seats they used on his campaign planes. This arrangement is typical — campaigns are required to charge the Secret Service and the press a fair rate. What’s unusual is that most of the campaign’s air travel expenses, nearly $9 million, were paid to companies owned by Trump.
There is one expenditure that has not slowed: Making America wear red hats again. The Trump campaign, along with two fundraising committees that raise money jointly with the Republican Party, brought in $6.5 million in contributions in the last month of 2016. More than a third of that was spent on on hats, mugs, stickers and other collateral.
Anthony Scaramucci, an investment firm founder and Republican donor, won’t be assuming the role of director of the White House office of public liaison, as previously announced, a senior administration official said.
Mr. Scaramucci on Wednesday was told by Reince Priebus, the chief of staff to President Trump, and by the chief strategist, Stephen K. Bannon, that someone else would have to be given the job. However, the official said, the two men plan to find another role for Mr. Scaramucci in the West Wing down the road.
At issue is Mr. Scaramucci’s sale of his firm, SkyBridge Capital, to a division of HNA Group, a politically connected Chinese conglomerate that will become the investment firm’s majority owner. The sale has not been completed, and West Wing officials said that the White House Counsel’s Office predicted it would take up to 90 days for Mr. Scaramucci to be cleared of potential ethics conflicts.
The White House is currently operating without a functioning Office of Public Liaison and Intergovernmental Affairs, the formal name for the office which Mr. Scaramucci would have led, at a moment when protests are sweeping the country over the president’s ban on travel for immigrants from seven Muslim-majority countries.
Mr. Scaramucci could get an ambassadorship, but that would require Senate confirmation, which is another lengthy process.
Mr. Scaramucci had been expected to be sworn in on Jan. 22 with other White House personnel, but it was delayed amid questions related to the business transaction.
This is not the first time that a West Wing aide has been announced for a role that they ultimately didn’t fill. Mr. Trump has no communications director and lost a National Security Council senior staff member after questions about whether she’d plagiarized portions of her book.
Yes, that Frederick Douglass, former slave, abolitionist and statesman who died in 1895.
Meeting with African-American supporters at the White House on Wednesday, the president let it be known that Mr. Douglass, an important figure in American history, had come to his attention.
“Frederick Douglass is an example of somebody who has done an amazing job and is being recognized more and more, I notice,” Mr. Trump said. “Harriet Tubman, Rosa Parks and millions more black Americans who made America what it is today. A big impact.”
Yes, he said that.
Mr. Trump’s hope for relative peace and calm this weekend at Mar-a-Lago, his private club in Palm Beach, Fla., may be disrupted.
Emboldened by demonstrations across the country, and the White House’s decision to skip a trip to Milwaukee rather than face angry opponents, protesters are planning a march outside the club as it plays host to the annual American Red Cross gala.
The gala has been held at the club in previous years, and Mr. Trump has attended. It is unclear whether he will attend this year.
The protests will paint an untimely tableau for a president whose last five days have been spent facing fallout from his executive order temporarily banning travel from seven Muslim-majority nations.
Their action may have been encouraged by the White House itself. The decision to cancel President Trump’s trip to Milwaukee for a visit to a Harley-Davidson factory on Thursday was sure to have repercussions for the already energized activists opposing Mr. Trump’s presidency.
Harley-Davidson was worried about the protests and the possible harm to its popularity, just as Peyton Manning was last week when he dashed out the back door of a Republican retreat in Philadelphia rather than risk the cameras.
And the next big march on Washington — this one dubbed the March for Science — now has a date: April 22, Earth Day.
The Democratic National Committee is already mocking the decision.
“Donald Trump is a real tough guy when it comes to locking up a scared 5-year-old boy trying to find his mother,” said Zac Petkanas, Democratic National Committee senior adviser. “But as soon as he has to face the American people to defend his illegal anti-Muslim ban, he chickens out. What a profile in courage.”
First, President Trump called his hard stop on refugees and visas to seven Muslim nations a ban.
Then his press secretary, Sean Spicer, stood at the White House podium on Tuesday and said it was not a ban, a position he held to, even after reporters quoted his boss.
Now Mr. Trump has asked, “What’s in a name?”
Glad that’s settled.
Plans for President Trump’s state visit to Britain are all coming a cropper.
When British Prime Minister Theresa May invited Mr. Trump last week to pay a state visit to Britain, a call on Queen Elizabeth II was part of the invitation. But royal visits tend to involve more than just the queen, and the Prince of Wales has made clear that he intends to give Mr. Trump a piece of his mind about the urgent need to address climate change.
American officials have made clear that Mr. Trump has no intention of being lectured by Prince Charles and instead, he wants to be greeted by Prince Charles’s much cuter children, including Prince William, his attractive wife, Kate Middleton, and their young children.
Of course, this 2012 post on Twitter might make that a tad awkward as well:
But Prince Charles, who has been denied a kingship most of his life because of his mother’s decision to hang onto the crown into her 90s, has made clear that he does not intend to be passed over by Mr. Trump.
The royal snag is one of several that have cropped up over Mr. Trump’s visit. British Prime Minister Theresa May thought her own visit to the White House had gone swimmingly, only to discover that shortly after she left, Mr. Trump had signed an executive order barring refugees and the entry of anyone from seven countries, which caused a firestorm in Britain.
Ms. May was accused of appeasement by a former British diplomat. Protesters gathered outside 10 Downing Street on Monday night, and more than 1.5 million signatures collected on an internet petition demanding that Mrs. May rescind her invitation for Mr. Trump to visit Queen Elizabeth II.
Mrs. May has insisted that her invitation remain in force, but the initial bloom of her visit has decidedly faded. And now Prince Charles has promised to give it a royal tarnish.
The Obama administration’s efforts to regulate the once flourishing for-profit university system did not get a lot of attention, but they had big consequences.
Critics of the universities saw fake diploma mills that recruited students with advertising on buses, on subways and even in homeless shelters, and then helped them get guaranteed student loans from the federal government. Money in hand, the for-profits often left the students to their own devices. If they dropped out, or got degrees that proved worthless in the work world, so be it: The taxpayer would pay off the loans if the students couldn’t.
The Obama-era regulations tightened up recruiting rules and tied loans to the schools’ records of getting their students the jobs they were promised. Many for-profit universities went under.
Now, President Trump — who just settled a fraud suit against his Trump University — has asked Liberty University’s president, Jerry Falwell Jr., a stern critic of accreditation rules, to head a White House task force on higher education, assigned to focus on “overregulation and micromanagement,” a Liberty spokesman told NBC News.
“The goal is to pare it back and give colleges and their accrediting agencies more leeway in governing their affairs,” Mr. Falwell, an evangelical Christian, told The Chronicle of Higher Education.
The pendulum could be swinging back fast.
Whether former Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. will actually run for president in 2020 at age 78 is still uncertain, but some of his plans for life after 44 years of public service became a bit more clear on Tuesday after he announced the formation of the Biden Foundation.
And not surprisingly, Mr. Biden used one of his father’s favorite aphorisms to mark the occasion.
“My dad used to have an expression, ‘It’s a lucky person who gets up in the morning, puts both feet on the floor, knows what they’re about to do and thinks it still matters,’” Mr. Biden said in a statement. “We look forward to this new chapter.”
Mr. Biden and his wife, Dr. Jill Biden, intend to use the foundation to advance some of their dearest foreign and domestic policy priorities, including their cancer initiative, combating violence against women, and supporting U.S. military service members and their families, according to the announcement.
Several of the Bidens’ closest friends and family members will serve on the board of the charity, including former Senator Ted Kaufman and Valerie Biden Owens, Mr. Biden’s sister.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Senate Democrats significantly escalated tensions with the White House on Tuesday, stalling action on two of President Trump’s most important cabinet nominees, Steven T. Mnuchin to be Treasury secretary and Representative Tom Price to be secretary of health and human services.
Democrats boycotted a meeting of the Senate Finance Committee that had been scheduled to vote on the two nominees. They said they had been misled by the nominees and wanted an opportunity to investigate unanswered questions about Mr. Price’s investments and Mr. Mnuchin’s role in a bank that has been criticized for aggressive foreclosure practices.
Senator Sherrod Brown, Democrat of Ohio, said Mr. Mnuchin had “out-and-out lied to our committee” about the robotic signing of foreclosure documents by the bank, OneWest, when he was its chief executive.
The chairman of the committee, Senator Orrin G. Hatch, Republican of Utah, said the Democrats were “very upset with Donald Trump” and had therefore “crippled his administration right out of the box” by delaying and obstructing approval of some of his nominees.
“You have to go back to the Civil War to find things like this,” Mr. Hatch said.
Looking at empty seats in the committee room normally occupied by Democrats, Mr. Hatch described their stall tactics as “the most pathetic thing” he had seen in his 40 years in the Senate.
Under Finance Committee rules, the panel needs a quorum, including at least one member of the minority party, to conduct business.
Democrats have no immediate prospect of stopping Trump nominees, but by dragging out the confirmation process, they said, they can slow Mr. Trump’s ability to carry out policies that many Democrats adamantly oppose.
The Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky, said Democrats were “manufacturing issues on a daily basis” to string out the confirmation process and to hobble Mr. Trump. But he said: “None of this is going to lead to a different outcome. The cabinet appointments are going to be approved.”
Democrats forced a delay of at least one day in a Judiciary Committee vote on Mr. Trump’s nominee for attorney general, Senator Jeff Sessions, Republican of Alabama.
But other Trump nominees advanced on Tuesday. By a vote of 93 to 6, the Senate approved the nomination of Elaine L. Chao to be secretary of transportation.
Senator Bill Nelson, Democrat of Florida, said that Ms. Chao, who served as labor secretary under President George W. Bush, was “a part of the Senate family” because she is married to Mr. McConnell. Mr. McConnell voted “present.” But the Senate Democratic leader, Chuck Schumer of New York, voted against Ms. Chao, saying she had refused to publicly state her position on Mr. Trump’s executive order closing the nation’s borders to refugees and to people from certain predominantly Muslim countries.
By a vote of 12 to 11, the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions recommended confirmation of Betsy DeVos to be education secretary. Ms. DeVos, a Republican fund-raiser and donor, has been a champion of charter schools and vouchers, which give families public funds to help pay tuition at private schools.
Mr. Trump’s pick for energy secretary, former Gov. Rick Perry of Texas, won backing from the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, which voted 16 to 7 to recommend his confirmation. And by a vote of 16 to 6, that committee approved Representative Ryan Zinke, Republican of Montana, to lead the Interior Department. Another Senate committee voted 18 to 1 to approve Linda McMahon, a former wrestling entertainment executive, to be head of the Small Business Administration.
Democrats focused their fire on Mr. Mnuchin and Mr. Price.
“Mr. Mnuchin profited off of kicking people out of their homes and then gave false testimony about his bank’s abusive practices,” Mr. Brown said.
Democrats said Mr. Price had misled the committee about his investment in a small Australian biotechnology company that could have benefited from legislation that he promoted. Mr. Price bought discounted shares in the company through a private placement after learning about the company from another congressman.
“I asked Congressman Price directly if he got an exclusive discount, and he said no,” said Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon, the senior Democrat on the Finance Committee. “The evidence tells a different story,” Mr. Wyden added. “It looks more and more like Congressman Price got special access to a special deal.”
At his confirmation hearing, Mr. Price said, “Everything that I did was ethical, aboveboard, legal and transparent.”
Democrats were equally opposed to Mr. Price’s views on health policy. As a member of the House, he has led efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act. And as chairman of the Budget Committee, he has proposed major changes to slow the growth of Medicare and Medicaid, which provide coverage to more than 100 million Americans.
At the Senate Judiciary Committee on Tuesday, Democrats cited Mr. Trump’s firing of the acting attorney general, Sally Q. Yates, as a reason to block Mr. Sessions’s nomination. They said he was too close to Mr. Trump to be independent.
Senator Dianne Feinstein of California, the senior Democrat on the Judiciary Committee, said Ms. Yates had shown “guts” in refusing to defend Mr. Trump’s executive order on immigration.
“I have no confidence that Senator Sessions will do that,” Ms. Feinstein said.
She and other Democrats invoked images of Mr. Sessions standing side by side with Mr. Trump on the campaign trail, wearing a “Make America Great Again” campaign hat.
Republicans showed no signs of breaking ranks as they defended Mr. Sessions, a friend to many of them, and they predicted that he would eventually be confirmed.
Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, said that “the fact that he’s close to the president” should not surprise anyone. “Is this going to be the test for us all going forward?” Mr. Graham asked.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — A year ago, Judge Neil M. Gorsuch was midway down a ski slope when his cellphone rang. Justice Antonin Scalia, he was told, had died.
“I immediately lost what breath I had left,” Judge Gorsuch said in a speech two months later. “And I am not embarrassed to admit that I couldn’t see the rest of the way down the mountain for the tears.”
President Trump, in nominating Judge Gorsuch to the Supreme Court, has chosen a judge who not only admires the justice he would replace but also in many ways resembles him. He shares Justice Scalia’s legal philosophy, talent for vivid writing and love of the outdoors.
Mr. Trump’s selection of Judge Gorsuch was nonetheless a bit of a surprise, coming from someone who had campaigned as a Washington outsider. Judge Gorsuch has deep roots in the city and the establishment Mr. Trump often criticized.
His mother was a high-level official in the Reagan administration. He spent part of his childhood in Washington and practiced law here for a decade, at a prominent law firm and in the Justice Department. And, like all of the current justices, he is a product of the Ivy League, having attended college at Columbia and law school at Harvard.
Judge Gorsuch, 49 — who was appointed to the United States Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit, in Denver, by President George W. Bush — is an originalist, meaning he tries to interpret the Constitution consistently with the understanding of those who drafted and adopted it. This approach leads him to generally but not uniformly conservative results.
“Ours is the job of interpreting the Constitution,” he wrote in a concurrence last year. “And that document isn’t some inkblot on which litigants may project their hopes and dreams.”
While he has not written extensively on several issues of importance to many conservatives, including gun control and gay rights, Judge Gorsuch has taken strong stands in favor of religious freedom, earning him admiration from the right.
In two prominent cases, both of which reached the Supreme Court, he sided with employers who had religious objections to providing some forms of contraception coverage to their female workers.
He voted in favor of Hobby Lobby Stores, a family-owned company that objected to regulations under the Affordable Care Act requiring many employers to provide free contraception coverage. Similarly, he dissented from a decision not to rehear a ruling requiring the Little Sisters of the Poor, an order of nuns, to comply with an aspect of the regulations.
The Supreme Court ruled in favor of Hobby Lobby in 2014 and vacated the decision concerning the Little Sisters of the Poor in 2016.
Like Justice Scalia, Judge Gorsuch takes a broad view of the Fourth Amendment, which bars unreasonable government searches and seizures.
Judge Gorsuch was born and spent his early years in Colorado, and he returned there when he became a judge more than a decade ago. Michael W. McConnell, who served with Judge Gorsuch on the appeals court and is now a law professor at Stanford, said his former colleague’s Colorado background would add something distinctive to the Supreme Court.
“He’s a Westerner,” Professor McConnell said. “There are so many cases that have to do with the West, and I also think the cultural sensibilities of the West are different. He’s an outdoorsman, and the Supreme Court needs a little bit more geographical diversity.”
In Colorado, Judge Gorsuch is known for his involvement with the outdoors and the local legal community. He lives in unincorporated Boulder County, in a mountain-view community on a property with several horses. He has raised chickens and goats with his teenage daughters, Emma and Belinda, and his wife, Louise, an avid equestrian. He is a black diamond skier and fisherman and hosts regular picnics for his former law clerks with another 10th Circuit judge, Timothy M. Tymkovich.
Judge Gorsuch has not hesitated to take stands that critics say have a partisan edge. He has criticized liberals for turning to the courts rather than legislatures to achieve their policy goals, and has called for limiting the power of federal regulators.
Nan Aron, the president of the Alliance for Justice, a liberal group, said Judge Gorsuch’s stance on federal regulation was “extremely problematic” and “even more radical than Scalia.”
“Not requiring courts to defer to agency expertise when an act of Congress is ambiguous,” she said, “will make it much harder for federal agencies to effectively address a wide variety of critical matters, including labor rights, consumer and financial protections, and environmental law.”
In a 2005 essay in National Review, written before he became a judge, he criticized liberals for preferring litigation to the political process.
“American liberals have become addicted to the courtroom, relying on judges and lawyers rather than elected leaders and the ballot box, as the primary means of effecting their social agenda on everything from gay marriage to assisted suicide to the use of vouchers for private-school education,” he wrote. “This overweening addiction to the courtroom as the place to debate social policy is bad for the country and bad for the judiciary.”
Like Justice Scalia, Judge Gorsuch is a lively and accessible writer. Consider the first paragraph of a 2011 libel decision, which dispensed with the throat-clearing and jargon that characterizes many judicial opinions.
“Can you win damages in a defamation suit for being called a member of the Aryan Brotherhood prison gang on cable television when, as it happens, you have merely conspired with the Brotherhood in a criminal enterprise?” Judge Gorsuch wrote. “The answer is no. While the statement may cause you a world of trouble, while it may not be precisely true, it is substantially true. And that is enough to call an end to this litigation as a matter of law.”
Judge Gorsuch’s writing differs from Justice Scalia’s in one major way: His tone is consistently courteous and mild, while some of Justice Scalia’s dissents were caustic and wounding.
If Judge Gorsuch is confirmed, the court will return to a familiar dynamic, with Justice Anthony M. Kennedy, a moderate conservative, holding the decisive vote in many closely divided cases.
Judge Gorsuch was born in Denver, but he moved to Washington as a teenager when his mother, Anne M. Gorsuch, joined the administration of President Ronald Reagan as the first woman to lead the Environmental Protection Agency. Ms. Gorsuch, known after her remarriage as Anne Burford, resigned under fire from Congress after 22 months.
After law school, he also attended Oxford University in England as a Marshall Scholar, graduating with a doctorate in legal philosophy.
He served as a law clerk for a year to Judge David B. Sentelle, a conservative member of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.
After the appeals court clerkship, Mr. Gorsuch served as a law clerk to Justice Byron R. White, then a retired member of the Supreme Court. As is the court’s custom, Justice White shared his clerk with an active member of the court, Justice Kennedy. (When Judge Gorsuch joined the Denver appeals court, Justice Kennedy administered the oath of office.)
Mr. Gorsuch then practiced law for a decade at Kellogg, Huber, Hansen, Todd, Evans & Figel, a Washington law firm, before serving in the Justice Department from 2005 to 2006.
He is the author of “The Future of Assisted Suicide and Euthanasia,” published in 2006 by Princeton University Press. The book argued that laws banning those practices should be retained.
In a 2002 article reflecting on Justice White’s death, Mr. Gorsuch criticized the Senate’s handling of judicial confirmations. “Some of the most impressive judicial nominees are grossly mistreated,” he said, mentioning two candidates for the federal appeals court in Washington who he said were “widely considered to be among the finest lawyers of their generation.”
One was John G. Roberts Jr., who went on to become chief justice of the United States. The other was Judge Merrick B. Garland, who was confirmed to the appeals court in 1997 after a long delay, but whose nomination to Justice Scalia’s seat last year was blocked by Senate Republicans.
If he is confirmed, Judge Gorsuch will become the 113th justice, taking a seat that has been held not only by Justice Scalia but also by Justice Robert H. Jackson, perhaps the finest writer to have served on the court. “The towering judges that have served in this particular seat of the Supreme Court,” Judge Gorsuch said in his remarks at the White House on Tuesday night, “are much in my mind at this moment.”
But Judge Gorsuch seemed to take special pleasure in remembering the justice who had first hired him as a law clerk, a Westerner whose accomplishments were not limited to the law. “I began my legal career working for Byron White,” he said, “the last Coloradan to serve on the Supreme Court — and the only justice to lead the N.F.L. in rushing.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The Trump White House appears to have backed off for now on its consideration of reopening overseas “black site” prisons, where the C.I.A. once tortured terrorism suspects, after a leaked draft executive order prompted bipartisan pushback from Congress and cabinet officials.
On Thursday, the White House circulated among National Security Council staff members a revised version of the draft order on detainees that deleted language contemplating a revival of the C.I.A. prisons, according to several officials familiar with its contents.
The draft order retains other parts of the original that focus on making greater use of the military’s Guantánamo Bay prison, which the Obama administration had tried to close. Those sections, reflecting repeated vows from President Trump, include a call to bring newly captured terrorism detainees there and to freeze plans for any more transfers.
After news outlets reported details of the original draft on Jan. 25, lawmakers erupted in outrage, and both the defense secretary, Jim Mattis, and the C.I.A. director, Mike Pompeo, disavowed any prior knowledge of the contemplated order.
Elisa Massimino, the president of Human Rights First, who had been among those who criticized the original draft, praised the revisions.
“It sounds like a smart reaction to the reaction to the leaked draft,” she said. “Transparency is a good corrective to overreach, and it provides the opportunity for more careful consideration of the broader implications of an order like this.”
In addition to the change on C.I.A. prisons, the revised draft, unlike the original, would not revive a 2007 executive order issued by President George W. Bush, and later rescinded by President Barack Obama, that laid out a limited understanding of which torture techniques count as war crimes under the Geneva Conventions. Such a move would reduce the legal risk to interrogators who employ harsh tactics not on that list, like prolonged sleep deprivation.
The revised draft would also not revoke two executive orders governing detainees that Mr. Obama issued in January 2009, as the original would have. The first bars the C.I.A. from operating prisons and requires all interrogators to adhere to techniques approved in the Army Field Manual. The other was Mr. Obama’s ill-fated directive to close the Guantánamo prison within a year.
However, the revised draft is said to have a provision asserting that all contradictory sections of previous orders are revoked, which would implicitly repeal the part of Mr. Obama’s Guantánamo order that declared an intention to close the prison by the long-missed deadline.
The revised draft was circulated inside the National Security Council on Thursday, with a deadline for concurring or providing comment by Friday, one official said. The official said the draft had been held much more closely than the original one had been, apparently to prevent further leaks.
The White House had distributed its original draft executive order on detainees in an email to council staff members at 8:41 a.m. on Jan. 24, giving them until 10 that morning to provide any comment. It was one of at least five significant draft orders distributed to them at the same time and with the same quick deadline, two of which Mr. Trump signed in the next few days.
The staff members urged the White House to slow down and get input from affected agencies and departments. They forwarded the email with the draft executive order on detainees to other officials in the government, who provided it to still other people, until it was leaked. The text of the original draft was first reported by The New York Times on Jan. 25.
In response to the news reports, the White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, falsely said that the draft was not a “White House document.” After The Times then reported details about when and how the White House had circulated it, Mr. Spicer said that it had not been “derived from White House sources” and suggested that its origins traced to input provided to the Trump transition effort.
As BuzzFeed reported, the Trump draft order had lifted verbatim sections from a draft order written in 2012 by policy advisers to the Mitt Romney campaign. But the language in the Trump White House version had been revised, including to take account of subsequent legal and geopolitical developments and to substitute terms like “fight against radical Islamism” for “global war on terrorism.”
By Jan. 27, Mr. Trump foreshadowed that his flirtation with reviving a C.I.A. interrogation program had come to an end, at least for the time being.
At a news conference, Mr. Trump said that while he personally supported waterboarding and thought torture worked, Mr. Mattis, who opposes torture, “will override because I’m giving him that power.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The document carried the title “A Roadmap to Repeal,” a concise list of Obama administration environmental regulations that a Koch brothers-backed group was pressing President Trump and Congress to quickly reverse after Inauguration Day.
It was a tally of rules that energy industry executives and lobbyists had waged a futile fight against for eight years, donating millions of dollars to lawmakers who vowed to help block them, filing lawsuits to try to overturn them and hiring experts to generate reports that questioned the need for them.
But in a flurry of activity this past week, Congress did what Charles G. and David H. Koch — who own a conglomerate that sells hundreds of products, including gasoline, jet fuel and coal — and other industry leaders had been asking for.
Using a rarely invoked law, the Republican-controlled Congress nullified a measure intended to curb the venting of gas wells on federal lands, and began the process of rolling back other regulations, including one enacted to limit damage that coal mines cause to streams — each items on the “Roadmap to Repeal.”
On Friday, with his own executive orders, Mr. Trump took up two more items on the list, including a call to rewrite major provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act, legislation crafted by the Obama administration and passed by Congress in response to the 2008 financial meltdown.
Not since the Reagan administration has Washington moved so quickly to roll back or nullify so many federal regulations, one of the clearest signs of an abrupt shift of power in a government now under one-party control that has flipped the script of winners and losers.
“It is a big, fat victory, after all this time,” said Luke Popovich, a vice president at the National Mining Association, an industry trade group.
A three-way alliance has now been formed among Congress, the Trump administration and industries that struggled to reverse what they saw as an out-of-control rush to regulate by the Obama administration.
This new alignment of power is causing alarm among not only environmental groups but also other — mostly liberal — advocates who have spent much of the past eight years pushing for new rules to cover Wall Street banks, broadband providers, teacher preparation requirements, prepaid credit cards and even companies that sell high-calorie foods in vending machines.
All of these measures, and many others, now stand a chance of being reversed, watered down or blocked.
“For the last several years, whenever Congress would concoct some way to roll back a rule protecting clean air or clean water or undermine the fight against climate change, we always felt confident as we had an adult in charge at the White House,” said Michael Brune, executive director of the Sierra Club, an environmental group. “Now, what used to be a wish list of the oil and coal and gas industry has become the to-do list for Congress and the White House.”
For Republicans, these first moves are the easy part, made possible by a law that gives Congress the power to reverse regulations within 60 legislative days with a simple majority vote in the House and Senate. Other Republican efforts to exploit this 20-year-old law — which until this week had been used only once to nullify a new rule — were thwarted five times with vetoes by President Obama since 2015.
Once the 60-day window expires, Republicans will have a harder time reversing Mr. Obama’s regulations, but will still have tools at their disposal, including cutting financing for the enforcement of rules, issuing new rules that are weaker, or negotiating with Democrats to pass new legislation.
They have bold ambitions, including rescinding a rule enacted by the Obama administration that could close dozens of coal burning power plants, and another that would extend overtime pay eligibility to an estimated four million Americans.
At a private meeting on Thursday hosted by the National Association of Manufacturers, a trade group, a senior White House adviser provided a plan on how the administration would handle efforts to curtail environmental regulations beyond the initial rush now underway to nullify recently adopted rules, said an energy industry executive who participated in the meeting and spoke on the condition of anonymity because details were confidential.
Industry advocates and their allies in Congress said the long-awaited moves toward deregulation was good for consumers and the economy, as they simply wanted to eliminate measures that they believed cost jobs and drove up prices. Among the regulations being targeted: the methane rule, an Interior Department measure meant to reduce so-called flaring, when gas leaking from wells is burned off like a giant blow torch.
“Even on the way out the door, the former administration’s regulatory onslaught continued as they pushed through more midnight regulations,” the Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky, said on Wednesday, as he urged his colleagues to reverse the coal mining regulation, known as the Stream Buffer Rule. “Fortunately, with a new president, we now have the opportunity to give the American people relief and our economy a boost.”
Lobbyists for the so-called extraction industry — oil, gas, coal and other mining operations — said they were as surprised as anyone else by the outcome of the November election, which gave them new clout in Washington.
“A lot of us folks just did not anticipate we were going to be doing this,” said Stephen Brown, a lobbyist at Tesoro, an oil refining and marketing company based in San Antonio. “It was like the dog that caught up with the UPS truck.”
Within days of the election, conference calls and meetings between industry lobbyists, members of Mr. Trump’s transition teams and key Republican staff members on Capitol Hill were taking place. Those who took part began to plot out which regulations they wanted to go after first, participants in the process said.
Energy rules quickly ended up at the top of the list. Mr. Obama was unusually aggressive in using his regulatory powers to expand the reach of the federal government over the energy industry, after failing to win the support he needed in Congress to pass legislation to take similar steps.
But the energy industry spends about $300 million a year lobbying Congress, deploying an army of three lobbyists for each member. It also contributed more than $160 million during the most recent election cycle to federal candidates, with 80 percent of that going to Republicans, according to a tally by the Center for Responsive Politics, a nonprofit group. And the industry now wanted congressional leaders like Mr. McConnell, who is from one of the country’s top coal-producing states, to nullify the Obama administration’s new rules.
“This has been a full-court press to block these rules, from a legal standpoint, a policy standpoint and a political standpoint,” said Bret Sumner, an oil and gas industry lawyer, who serves on the board of the Western Energy Alliance, a trade group that has aggressively lobbied Congress to block Obama administration regulations governing drilling on federal lands.
Mr. Sumner’s group, along with the American Petroleum Institute and other major industry trade associations and individual companies and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, all pressed congressional leaders to immediately repeal the methane rule, which the Interior Department finalized in November.
The measure, according to the department, would force companies to prevent the release of gas via flaring or leaks, eliminating an estimated 180,000 tons a year of methane gas, a contributing factor in climate change, while also increasing federal revenue by as much as $10 million a year, as the energy companies pay royalties only on fuel they contain and then sell.
For its part, the coal industry pushed Congress to reverse the Stream Buffer Rule, also drafted by the Interior Department, that prevented mining companies from cutting off mountaintops in search of coal and other commodities, then dumping the remaining debris into nearby valleys. The department predicted the rule would protect 6,000 miles of streams and an estimated 52,000 acres of forests over the coming two decades.
“It did not take a big pitch,” said Hal Quinn, president of the National Mining Association, of his group’s lobbying effort targeting congressional leaders to get its measure on the repeal list. “We clearly reinforced the fact this is ripe and due for Congress to reassert its power.”
A third rule targeted for quick repeal was one adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission that required oil, gas and mining companies to disclose payments made to foreign governments for development rights — a provision intended to prevent corruption in places like Africa and Latin America. Billions of dollars from such payments have disappeared over the past several decades, at times siphoned by government officials for their personal use, instead of being used to improve the standard of living in these often impoverished nations.
Exxon Mobil, whose former chief executive, Rex Tillerson, just became secretary of state, was one of the provision’s primary opponents. He argued that the rule would force the company to disclose “commercially sensitive information” and make it harder to compete against certain foreign oil companies that do not need to comply.
By Friday, both the House and Senate had approved the first two of these repeals — on the stream rule and the foreign government payments — and final action by the Senate approving the repeal of the methane gas rule is expected soon.
Mr. Trump has already put out a memo welcoming the rule reversals by Congress. “The administration strongly supports the actions taken by the House to begin to nullify unnecessary regulations imposed on America’s businesses,” said a statement issued by the White House on Wednesday.
The push to repeal these rules has created moments of obvious frustration for Democrats on the floor of the House and Senate chambers. As the blitz began this past week, Democratic lawmakers used various props — like poster-size photographs of fish harmed by mining industry practices — to try to make their points.
Senator Ed Markey, Democrat of Massachusetts, arrived on the chamber floor with a mock “Wheel of Fortune” board, with slivers marked “coal,” “mining” and “even more oil” indicating the available prizes that Congress was offering.
“Let’s consult our wheel to see who is the big winner of the G.O.P. giveaway this week,” Mr. Markey said, essentially conceding that Senate Democrats were all but certain to lose many of these fights.
But for Freedom Partners — the secretive club of hugely wealthy political donors led and organized by the Koch brothers — it was a week to celebrate, as there had been a great deal of progress on their “Roadmap to Repeal” list.
James Davis, an executive vice president at the group, sent a message late on Friday declaring “these repeal bills will soon be on their way to President Trump for his signature.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Decades before he began writing legal opinions, Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, President Trump’s nominee for the Supreme Court, was a student columnist at Columbia University. And he had no shortage of opinions.
His topics ranged broadly, from life on campus to the Iran-contra affair. His conservatism was a constant. And he had a lively writing style that persists to this day.
He and his collaborators seemed to sense that their writings would survive the years. “We ought not forget,” they wrote in an unsigned 1987 editorial for The Federalist Paper, which Judge Gorsuch helped start, “there is something vital and useful in the curious, if imperfect youth — something that shall not be stifled.”
Here is a selection of that youthful curiosity.
While mounting an ultimately unsuccessful bid for a seat on the university Senate as a freshman in 1986, Judge Gorsuch was asked by The Columbia Daily Spectator for his views on hot-button issues, including the question of whether the Marines should be allowed to recruit on campus.
The Spectator commissioned a series of columns on the lessons that should be learned from the Iran-contra affair. Judge Gorsuch, whose mother had served in the Reagan administration, saw a need for a more decisive American foreign policy.
In a February 1987 column, he took the university to task for what he called its failure to promote diversity (“that cherished buzzword”) of thought.
In March 1987, Judge Gorsuch argued against making Columbia’s fraternity system coed as the university more fully integrated women. Writing with his friend Michael Behringer in The Federalist Paper, Judge Gorsuch, a member of Phi Gamma Delta, once more cited freedom of association.
In 1988, Columbia was embroiled in debates about its fraternities, new university rules governing protests, and a student council election. Judge Gorsuch, never a fan of student protesters, derided “progressives” in a Spectator op-ed column as being anything but progressive as they claimed “a monopoly on righteousness.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Judge Neil M. Gorsuch’s first taste of rough-and-tumble Washington politics was bitter and lingering.
He was 15 years old and his mother was a high-ranking official in the Reagan administration caught in an ugly showdown with Congress. When she was forced to step down, her reputation in tatters, young Neil was furious.
“You should never have resigned,” he told his mother, Anne Gorsuch Burford, by her later account. “You didn’t do anything wrong. You only did what the president ordered. Why are you quitting? You raised me not to be a quitter. Why are you a quitter?”
More than three decades later, Judge Gorsuch, a federal appeals court judge in Denver, has been nominated to the Supreme Court by President Trump and faces a political culture even more caustic than the one that destroyed his mother’s public career. Like her, he is a committed conservative and can expect strong opposition, but where she was bold and brash, he has advanced to the pinnacle of the judiciary with understatement and polish.
Now 49, he arrives at his own moment of testing as a child of the Reagan revolution who saw up close the promise and the perils. He inherited a frontier skepticism of government rooted in his home of Colorado and nurtured in Washington during the 1980s. An examination of his early, formative years finds that he swam in the liberal waters of Columbia and Harvard and rebelled against the dominant thinking to develop a fully formed conservative philosophy that has propelled him to the threshold of the Supreme Court.
Those early years shaped his views on the law and life and provided a searing lesson in the realities of the political world. Despite the family ordeal, friends and relatives said, he emerged from the crucible of his youth tempered about politics yet not soured on public service. He decided to pursue goals similar to his mother’s if only by a different path.
The first woman to lead the Environmental Protection Agency, Ms. Burford argued that states were better custodians of resources and that market forces would bring more discipline to regulation. As she cut spending and pared back rules, critics called her an enemy of the environment. Her downfall came when, at White House direction, she refused to turn over documents related to a toxic-waste program. Congress cited her for contempt.
“It was an example to him of what the realpolitik of Washington could be like,” said Richard M. Segal, a Harvard Law School classmate who is now a lawyer in San Diego. “He viewed his mother as an environmentalist, and his mother viewed herself as an environmentalist. And meanwhile she was made the poster child of the view that the Reagan administration was just out there to rape the environment.”
The teenager was his mother’s conscience. “Neil knew from the beginning the seriousness of my problems,” she wrote in a memoir before her death in 2004. He was “smart as a whip” and “had an unerring sense of fairness, as do many people his age.” When she resigned, “he was really upset.”
By most accounts, he did not dwell on it later in life, but it clearly echoed in his work. In preparing a moot court brief at Harvard on workplace safety, he tried to add material concerning the E.P.A. that did not fit, recalled a classmate, Ellen M. Bublick, who is now a law professor at the University of Arizona. In his time as an appeals court judge in Denver, his most notable writings have concerned the power of government regulators.
“We talked about that prior history in relation to that,” Professor Bublick said. “He definitely was proud of his mom and had a sense that in the Reagan era certain people took a fall for him in order to protect him. And I think that was really his view of what happened to his mom.”
Neil McGill Gorsuch’s earliest years were spent in the West, where at Rocky Mountain campsites and fishing streams he internalized a faith in rugged individualism.
He grew up in a three-bedroom ranch-style house in the east Denver neighborhood of Hilltop. His parents, Anne and David Gorsuch, were lawyers who had three children: Neil in 1967, Stephanie in 1969 and J.J. in 1973. His mother raised them Catholic; his father was not religious. (Judge Gorsuch is now Episcopalian, according to his brother, possibly inspired by his time studying at Oxford University.)
Studious but not standoffish, Neil shared a bedroom with his brother and attended Christ the King, a Roman Catholic school. Relatives and friends recalled him lugging stacks of books and once rounding the baseball diamond in well-worn cowboy boots after leaving his athletic shoes at home. “If anybody was going to be the president, it was going to be Neil Gorsuch,” said Gina Carbone, 49, a classmate.
In 1976, Ms. Gorsuch was elected to the State Legislature, often aligning herself with a small but powerful group of conservatives, called the “House Crazies,” who were determined to cut taxes and loosen regulations. Women’s groups supported her campaign, but in office she led a fight to kill the Colorado State Commission on Women. Fervently anti-abortion, she was, one politician told The Washington Post in 1983, “almost paranoid about any kind of abortion legislation.”
She rose quickly. “She was very prominent in the shaping of policy,” said Steve Durham, a leader of the House Crazies. She had a “knack and ability to get along with people and put them at ease.” But she was famously tough. The Rocky Mountain News wrote that she “could kick a bear to death with her bare feet.”
After two terms, Ms. Gorsuch became one of three Coloradans to take prominent posts in the Reagan administration, along with James G. Watt, the interior secretary, and Robert Burford, the director of the Bureau of Land Management. Called the “Colorado mafia,” they managed the nation’s natural resources with a fierce belief that the government had gone too far in regulating private enterprise. It was widely believed that they had the backing of Joseph Coors, the conservative Colorado beer magnate.
By the time Ms. Gorsuch moved to Washington in 1981, she was headed for a divorce, and the children toggled between the capital and Colorado. It was an adjustment for children used to the informal ways of the West.
“All of a sudden we were across the country, having to dress up in coats and ties and having to act like grown-ups at prep school,” said Michael Trent, a Californian whose father was deputy transportation secretary at the time and who found in Mr. Gorsuch a similar spirit.
The two boys took walks after dinner discussing the world. “The two of us were huge fans of Reagan,” said Mr. Trent, who was later best man at Judge Gorsuch’s wedding and made the judge godfather to his children. “And it was because of our family upbringings. It was so much a part of our lives at the time.”
Mr. Gorsuch soon had a stepfather when his mother married Mr. Burford, whom she had met in the State Legislature.
Known for wearing furs and smoking two packs of cigarettes a day, Ms. Gorsuch became a prominent face of the new administration as she cut back lawsuits against polluters and tried to relax parts of the Clean Air Act.
“There was obviously a lot of controversy regarding her work as she was carrying out the president’s program,” Ed Meese, a top Reagan adviser, recalled. “I’m sure that undoubtedly had an impact on her son.”
J.J. Gorsuch, 43, now a vice president of a Denver marketing technology company, said his mother’s political life had shaped the family psyche but ultimately made his brother stronger. “If anything, it probably prepared him for the experience ahead in a great way,” he said. “He knows better than most how ugly the political process might get. So in that sense it’s hopefully prepared him for the nomination process.”
His mother emerged from her 1983 resignation demoralized about Washington, which she called “too small to be a state but too large to be an asylum for the mentally deranged.” But if her tribulations scarred him, Judge Gorsuch gave little indication while at Georgetown Preparatory School, a well-heeled Jesuit school outside Washington.
His classmates — many the children of politicians themselves — knew the family connection, said Bill Hughes, son of a Democratic congressman, but left it unmentioned. As Mr. Trent said, “I can’t imagine what a difficult thing it would have been to go through that, but he never let it show.”
Judge Gorsuch focused on schoolwork and excelled at debate, competing nationally. “Even as a kid, he would be able to step back from situations and be able to make judgments about them,” said Stephen Ochs, a history teacher. “He had the ability to be curious and look at both sides without being threatened.”
His conservative identity was already forming. The school yearbook jokingly listed him as founder of a “Fascism Forever” club, which an editorial note clarified “happily jerked its knees against the increasingly ‘left-wing’ tendencies of the faculty.” Mr. Trent called that “sort of his little dig getting back” at a teacher with whom he disagreed.
His views apparently cost him little among his peers, who elected him student president. Classmates speculated that his poise would lead to the law and perhaps politics, said one classmate, Brian Cashman, who is now general manager of the New York Yankees. “He looked the part and acted the part.”
Judge Gorsuch arrived at Columbia in 1985 as the historically liberal university was recovering from student protests the previous spring and beginning to divest from corporations operating in South Africa. In three years on campus — he graduated a year early — he emerged as the intellectual leader of a resurgent right. It was “a happy band of dissenters,” as Brian Domitrovic, a classmate and fellow conservative, put it.
His eloquence impressed many. That he was tall, clean cut and handsome only helped. He danced and drank Manhattans and martinis, Mr. Domitrovic said. He joined Phi Gamma Delta, a fraternity with a reputation for partying, and quietly attended religious services.
But principally, Judge Gorsuch became known as a fierce and lucid writer in the Columbia Daily Spectator, where he published columns, and later The Federalist Paper, which he helped found. Part newspaper, part opinion journal, The Federalist Paper drew comparisons to the conservative Dartmouth Review.
“There was a two-party system at Columbia in the ’80s: the liberals and the socialists,” said Stephen Later, who worked on the paper. “The Fed was a response to this echo chamber.”
Judge Gorsuch was out of step with campus zeitgeist. He bristled at attempts to bar military recruiting on campus, minimized the Iran-contra affair and dismissed a shantytown built on campus to protest South African apartheid. The main subject that animated his writing was the political hegemony he perceived at the university. A “tyrannical atmosphere of ‘ideas,’” he called it in February 1987. “There is little or no room at Columbia for dissenting voices: one is either Right or Wrong, Moral or Immoral, Compassionate or Heartless.”
In March 1987, as students debated the fraternity system’s treatment of women and minorities, Judge Gorsuch co-wrote a piece defending all-male clubs. In a familiar rhetorical move, he reframed the issue as free speech. In their “heavy handed moralism,” he wrote, the system’s critics missed “the fact that Columbia is a pluralistic university, that its fraternity is equally pluralistic, with options available for everyone.”
That spring, as students boycotted Coors beer, posters on campus alleged that The Federalist Paper, which accepted the company’s advertising, had received funding from the Heritage Foundation, financed by the Coors family. Mr. Gorsuch mocked the “professional protesters” who had created the posters, and he threatened a libel suit.
“He had a real regal way of writing about this stuff that made us look small,” said Tom Kamber, a leader of the liberals. “His role was really to write these screeds that would try to take the winds out of our sails.”
The battle continued at Harvard Law School, where Judge Gorsuch arrived in 1988 along with a young man from Chicago named Barack Obama. The two did not intersect much — Mr. Obama was six years older — but they mirrored each other as intellectual leaders who managed to disagree without being disagreeable. “Neil was not quite as public a person as Barack was, but at the same time, for the people who knew him, he was very well respected,” said Mr. Segal, the classmate.
Young conservatives were inspired as the Soviet Union and its empire collapsed. “It was an incredibly optimistic time, and it was a time when a lot of us developed a strong belief in the power of free markets and rule of law,” said Ken Mehlman, another classmate who went on to become chairman of the Republican National Committee.
Harvard was the epicenter of a debate over whether the Constitution was a living document to be interpreted in evolving times or a neutral, unchanging charter judged by its original text. “It was a pretty contentious time at Harvard Law School,” said Adam H. Charnes, a classmate. “There were conservatives who were provocateurs. He wasn’t anything like that.”
Judge Gorsuch befriended liberals, including Norm Eisen, later a White House aide and ambassador under Mr. Obama. “He stood out among the conservative group in not being loud,” Mr. Eisen said. “He managed to stay above that while making his conservative positions clear. I thought it was impressive.”
Through all of this, Judge Gorsuch made little mention of his famous mother. Indeed, one friend who stayed close after law school said he had realized the relationship only years later. Once when a fellow student said something disparaging about her on the assumption that he was not actually related, he brushed it off.
“He deflected it in a very classy way that made me think it was not the first time somebody had said something like that,” Mr. Eisen said.
Judge Gorsuch’s mother did not live to see the day he was nominated to the Supreme Court. But for the family, his rise represents a vindication of sorts. If he survives confirmation, he will have conquered the capital that did her in.



ARTICLE
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. — A federal appeals court early Sunday rejected a request by the Justice Department to immediately restore President Trump’s targeted travel ban, deepening a legal showdown over his authority to tighten the nation’s borders in the name of protecting Americans from terrorism.
In the legal back and forth over the travel ban, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in San Francisco said a reply from the Trump administration was now due on Monday.
The ruling meant that travelers from seven predominantly Muslim nations — Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen — as well as vetted refugees from all nations could, for now, continue to enter the country. Those foreigners had been barred by an executive order signed by the president on Jan. 27.
After a Federal District Court in Seattle blocked Mr. Trump’s order nationwide on Friday, the Justice Department appealed the ruling late Saturday, saying that  the president had the constitutional authority to order the ban and that the court ruling “second-guesses the president’s national security judgment.”
On Saturday night, as Mr. Trump arrived at a Red Cross gala at Mar-a-Lago, his waterfront Florida resort, where he was spending the first getaway weekend of his presidency, reporters asked him if he was confident he would prevail in the government’s appeal. “We’ll win,” he replied. “For the safety of the country, we’ll win.”
The legal maneuvering led Mr. Trump to lash out at Judge James Robart of the Federal District Court in Seattle throughout the day, prompting criticism that the president had failed to respect the judicial branch and its power to check on his authority.
In a Twitter post on Saturday, Mr. Trump wrote, “The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned!”
The Justice Department’s filing sought to have the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit block the Seattle judge’s decision and asked that the lower court’s ruling be stayed pending the appeal.
In its argument for an appeal, the Justice Department had said the president had an “unreviewable authority” to suspend the entry of any class of foreigners. It said the ruling by Judge Robart was too broad, “untethered” to the claims of the State of Washington, and in conflict with a ruling by another federal district judge, in Boston, who had upheld the order.
The Ninth Circuit court moved quickly to reject the administration’s appeal, a measure of the urgency and intense interest in the case.
The Justice Department argued that the president acted well within his constitutional authority. Blocking the order, it concluded, “immediately harms the public by thwarting enforcement of an Executive Order issued by the President, based on his national security judgment.”
Judge Robart, who was appointed by President George W. Bush, declared in his ruling on Friday that “there’s no support” for the administration’s argument that “we have to protect the U.S. from individuals” from the affected countries.
His ruling also barred the administration from enforcing its limits on accepting refugees. The State Department said Saturday that refugees, including Syrians, could begin arriving as early as Monday. Syrians had faced an indefinite ban under the executive order.
Despite Mr. Trump’s vehement criticism of the ruling and the certainty that it would be appealed, the government agencies at the center of the issue, the State Department and the Department of Homeland Security, moved quickly to comply.
Lawrence Bartlett, the State Department’s director of refugee resettlement, wrote in a departmental email that officials were working to rebook travel for refugees who had previously been scheduled to leave for the United States over a three-week period that will end Feb. 17. A State Department official said the extended time frame accounted for the fact that some refugees will have to make difficult journeys back to airports from refugee camps.
A United Nations spokesman, Leonard Doyle, said about 2,000 refugees were ready to travel.
Airlines, citing American customs officials, were telling passengers from the seven countries that their visas were once again valid. Those carriers, however, have yet to report an uptick in travel, and there appeared to be no rush to airports by visa holders in Europe and the Middle East intent on making their way to the United States.
Etihad Airways, the United Arab Emirates’ national carrier, said in a statement: “Following advice received today from the U.S. Customs and Border Protection unit at Abu Dhabi Airport, the airline will again be accepting nationals from the seven countries named last week.” Other Arab carriers, including Qatar Airways, issued similar statements.
A group of advocacy organizations that had worked to overturn the executive order and help immigrants and refugees stranded at airports issued a statement on Saturday afternoon encouraging travelers “to rebook travel to the United States immediately.”
“We have been in contact with hundreds of people impacted by the ban, and we are urging them to get on planes as quickly as possible,” Clare Kane, a law student intern at the Jerome N. Frank Legal Services Organization at Yale Law School, one of the groups involved, said in a statement.
But some officials were being more cautious, advising travelers to wait for further clarity. The American Embassy in Baghdad said it was waiting for additional guidance from Washington. “We don’t know what the effect will be, but we’re working to get more information,” the embassy told The Associated Press in a statement.
The Department of Homeland Security said it had suspended implementation of the order, including procedures to flag travelers from the countries designated in Mr. Trump’s order. It said it would resume standard inspection procedures. But in a statement, the department defended the order as “lawful and appropriate.”
In his first statement on the matter on Friday evening, the White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, described the Seattle judge’s action as “outrageous.” Minutes later, the White House issued a new statement deleting the word outrageous.
Mr. Trump’s Twitter post showed no such restraint. It recalled the attacks he made during the presidential campaign on a federal district judge in California who was presiding over a class-action lawsuit involving Trump University.
Democrats said the president’s criticism of Judge Robart was a dangerous development. Senator Patrick J. Leahy of Vermont, a member of the Judiciary Committee, said in a statement that Mr. Trump seemed “intent on precipitating a constitutional crisis.” Gov. Jay Inslee of Washington, whose state filed the suit that led to the injunction, said the attack was “beneath the dignity” of the presidency and could “lead America to calamity.”
Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, said in a statement that Mr. Trump’s outburst could weigh on the confirmation process for Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, the president’s nominee for the Supreme Court.
Until now, Mr. Trump had been comparatively restrained about the multiple federal judges who have ruled against parts of his immigration order, even as he staunchly defended its legality. Some analysts had speculated that he did not want a repeat of the storm during the campaign when he accused Judge Gonzalo P. Curiel of having a conflict of interest in the Trump University case because the judge’s family was of Mexican heritage. Mr. Trump, who had painted Mexicans as rapists and criminals, settled that case after the election.
But on Saturday morning, Mr. Trump let loose, and in the afternoon he unleashed another volley of attacks on the ruling. In one Twitter message, he questioned why a judge could “halt a Homeland Security travel ban,” which would allow “anyone, even with bad intentions,” to enter the country. An hour later, he complained about the “terrible decision,” saying it would let “many very bad and dangerous people” pour into the country.
Earlier, Mr. Trump had asserted, without evidence, that some Middle Eastern countries supported the immigration order. “Interesting that certain Middle-Eastern countries agree with the ban,” he wrote. “They know that if certain people are allowed in it’s death & destruction!”
The Washington State case was filed on Monday, and it was assigned to Judge Robart that day. He asked for briefs on whether the state had standing to sue, with the last one due on Thursday. On Wednesday, Minnesota joined the suit.
On Friday evening, Judge Robart issued a temporary restraining order, requiring the government to revert to its previous immigration policies as the case moved forward. He found that the states and their citizens had been injured by Mr. Trump’s order.
“The executive order adversely affects the states’ residents in areas of employment, education, business, family relations and freedom to travel,” Judge Robart wrote. He said the states had been hurt because the order affected their public universities and their tax bases.
Still, Judge Robart’s order left many questions, said Josh Blackman, a professor at South Texas College of Law in Houston.
“Does the executive order violate the equal protection of the laws, amount to an establishment of religion, violate rights of free exercise, or deprive aliens of due process of law?” Professor Blackman asked. “Who knows? The analysis is bare bones, and leaves the court of appeals, as well as the Supreme Court, with no basis to determine whether the nationwide injunction was proper.”
While large crowds had yet to materialize at airports, there were individual stories of people trying to enter the country.
Nael Zaino, 32, a Syrian who had tried unsuccessfully for nearly a week to fly to the United States to join his wife and American-born son, was allowed to board a flight from Istanbul and then Frankfurt late Friday. He landed in Boston around 1 p.m. Saturday and emerged from immigration two hours later, said his sister-in-law Katty Alhayek.
Mr. Zaino was believed to be among the first revoked visa holders to enter the United States since the executive order went into effect. His advocates had sought a waiver for him from the State Department, citing family reunification. “Mine must be a very special case,” Mr. Zaino said by phone from Istanbul.
Iranians, many of them students on their way to American universities, also rushed to book flights to transfer destinations in other Persian Gulf countries, Turkey and Europe. Pedram Paragomi, a 33-year-old Iranian medical student bound for the University of Pittsburgh, who had been caught up in the initial chaos over the travel ban, flew to Frankfurt on Saturday, where he was to transfer to a flight to Boston.
“I’m anxious,” he said from Frankfurt. “The rules keep on changing, but I think I will make it this time.”



ARTICLE
Vincent Viola, a billionaire Wall Street trader and President Trump’s nominee for secretary of the Army, abruptly withdrew his name for the post on Friday night after concluding it would be too difficult to untangle himself from his business ties, two government officials said.
Mr. Viola is an owner of the Florida Panthers hockey club and a majority shareholder in Virtu Financial and Eastern Air Lines, among a number of other business interests. This week The New York Times reported that Mr. Viola had been negotiating to swap his stake in Eastern Air Lines for a stake in Swift Air, an airline with government subcontracts.
If his nomination had continued, he would have faced certain scrutiny for potentially becoming a government official who benefits from federal contracts.
The Trump administration did not announce his withdrawal, which was reported earlier on Friday by Bloomberg News, but a senior administration official and a Pentagon official separately confirmed his decision, which the White House accepted Friday. Both officials spoke on the condition of anonymity.
Mr. Viola is a 1977 graduate of the United States Military Academy at West Point, and he last served in the Army Reserves at the rank of major. He remained connected to the military through donations to West Point, including to the academy’s Combating Terrorism Center.
A former Pentagon official and close friend said Mr. Viola was devastated over having to withdraw from what he described as a lifelong dream job. But the former official said Mr. Viola felt he was unable to sell his interest in some of his holdings because doing so could have destroyed those companies. His decision followed weeks of negotiations between his lawyers and the government as they sought to find a solution.
Ultimately, they could not.
Mr. Viola has a net worth of almost $1.8 billion and is a co-founder of Virtu. Virtu had planned to go public in 2014, but pulled the plug on the move because of choppy markets and lingering questions around how high-frequency trading firms like Virtu make money. In a regulatory filing at the time, Virtu said regulators were looking into its trading practices. It is not known if this issue played a role in Mr. Viola’s decision to withdraw his name for the Army secretary job, which is a post that requires Senate confirmation.
His decision to withdraw comes the same week another of Mr. Trump’s appointees, Anthony Scaramucci, was told he would not get a top job at the White House amid concerns about the recent sale of his company to a large Chinese conglomerate.
In an episode unrelated to the finances of Mr. Viola, it was recently revealed that he was involved in an altercation in August: He was accused of punching a concessions worker at a racehorse auction in Saratoga Springs, N.Y. No charges were brought against him.
Mr. Viola was one of the first nominations Mr. Trump issued the day he was inaugurated. “Vincent Viola, everybody likes Vincent,” Mr. Trump said just hours after his swearing-in, as he signed orders nominating his cabinet.



ARTICLE
Just days before his inauguration, President-elect Donald J. Trump stood beside his tax lawyer at a Midtown Manhattan news conference as she announced that he planned to place his vast business holdings in a trust, a move she said would allay fears that he might exploit the Oval Office for personal gain.
However, a number of questions were left unanswered — including who would ultimately benefit from the trust — raising concerns about just how meaningful the move was.
Now, records have emerged that show just how closely tied Mr. Trump remains to the empire he built.
While the president says he has walked away from the day-to-day operations of his business, two people close to him are the named trustees and have broad legal authority over his assets: his eldest son, Donald Jr., and Allen H. Weisselberg, the Trump Organization’s chief financial officer. Mr. Trump, who will receive reports on any profit, or loss, on his company as a whole, can revoke their authority at any time.
What’s more, the purpose of the Donald J. Trump Revocable Trust is to hold assets for the “exclusive benefit” of the president. This trust remains under Mr. Trump’s Social Security number, at least as far as federal taxes are concerned.
Since his election, there have been widespread calls for Mr. Trump to sell his assets and put the proceeds in a blind trust. He has resisted those calls, stressing that the president has no legal obligation to do so.
While the trust structure, outlined in documents made public through a Freedom of Information Act request by ProPublica, may give the president the appearance of distance from his business, it drew sharp criticism from experts in government ethics.
“I don’t see how this in the slightest bit avoids a conflict of interest,” said Frederick J. Tansill, a trust and estates lawyer from Virginia who examined the documents at the request of The New York Times. “First it is revocable at any time, and it is his son and his chief financial officer who are running it.”
It is not uncommon for people to place assets in a trust with themselves as beneficiaries for estate-planning purposes. But Mr. Trump’s situation is unprecedented because it involves a wealthy president acting to avoid an appearance of conflict of interest.
The Trump Organization declined to comment for this article.
The most immediate test of Mr. Trump’s legal moves to separate himself from his company, the Trump Organization, pertains to the ownership of the new Trump International Hotel in the Old Post Office Building in Washington.
The trust documents, which were prepared last month, argue that “all beneficial ownership in the licensee previously held by Donald J. Trump, personally, now is held derivatively and beneficially by The Donald J. Trump Revocable Trust,” which is legal language intended to suggest that Mr. Trump no longer has a personal tie to the hotel lease.
A provision in the 2013 lease for the building, held by Mr. Trump and his three oldest children, appears to prohibit a federally elected official, including the president, from benefiting from it.
But lawyers who specialize in federal contracts say the trust arrangement simply creates an additional legal step between Mr. Trump and the hotel — meaning he will still profit from it.
Robert H. Sitkoff, a professor at Harvard Law School, said the new details in the trust documents were unlikely to resolve the apparent legal problems with the Old Post Office site.
“Formally he is no longer the owner, but functionally he still is,” he said.
Representative Elijah E. Cummings, Democrat of Maryland, the ranking member on the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform who has called for a congressional investigation into the lease, said he remained unsatisfied that Mr. Trump had addressed his conflicts. “This is smoke and mirrors,” he said of the new documents.
While Mr. Trump may have to take additional legal steps to avoid violating the terms of the Old Post Office lease, he is exempt from laws that prohibit federal employees from participating in government matters that will directly affect their own financial interests.
At the Jan. 11 news conference in which she outlined the plans for Mr. Trump’s assets, Sheri A. Dillon, his tax lawyer, called the steps he had already taken significant, adding there was an agreement governing the president’s trust that “sharply” limited the amount of information about his company that he could access.
“The president-elect will have no role in deciding whether the Trump Organization engages in any new deal,” she said, “and he will only know of a deal if he reads it in the paper or sees it on TV.”
Ms. Dillon added that an asset sale by Mr. Trump would also be fraught with issues. “Whatever price was paid would be subject to criticism and scrutiny,” she said. “Was it too high? Is there pay for play? Was it too much pay to curry favor with the president-elect?”
The Trump Organization, which is privately held, has also released a list of 488 Trump companies that Mr. Trump has held positions at, saying he resigned from all of them. Public records show that he has severed ties from some of these entities.
The Trump Organization has pledged not to pursue new business deals overseas, though it plans to expand within the United States. Last month the company named Bobby Burchfield, a longtime Republican Party lawyer and corporate litigator, as an “independent ethics adviser.”
The Donald J. Trump Revocable Trust has existed since at least 2014, records show. By 2016 it was the only shareholder in DJT Holdings, one of Mr. Trump’s main limited liability companies, according to documents filed by Mr. Trump as part of his bid for president and released by the Federal Election Commission. That company holds some of Mr. Trump’s largest assets, including his Old Post Office lease, golf courses and residential properties including a house in Beverly Hills, Calif.
New York City property records show that in recent weeks Mr. Trump has transferred several residential condominiums he owns into the trust.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The two most influential social liberals in President Trump’s inner circle — daughter Ivanka and son-in-law Jared Kushner — helped kill a proposed executive order that would have scrapped Obama-era L.G.B.T. protections, according to people familiar with the issue.
A third, Gary D. Cohn, the chairman of the president’s National Economic Council, a Democrat who was brought to the West Wing by Mr. Kushner and reflects the socially liberal and economically conservative views of many Wall Street power brokers, privately told aides to the president that he was disturbed it was even being considered.
The executive order has exposed what is likely to be a persistent schism in Mr. Trump’s paradoxical presidency: He is a cosmopolitan New Yorker who has long operated in an environment where sexual orientation is often an afterthought, but is nonetheless beholden to the social conservatives who backed him overwhelmingly in 2016, despite reports of his crudeness and sexual misdeeds.
Mr. Kushner, a lifelong Democrat, and Ms. Trump, an independent, travel in liberal social circles and have long supported L.G.B.T. rights. Neither had seen the order before details were leaked. They expressed their dissatisfaction to Mr. Trump’s other advisers, and then weighed in directly with the president, who opposes same-sex marriage but has spoken out against discrimination.
On Monday night, reports had swirled that Mr. Trump would sign some version of the rollback as a concession to social conservatives ahead of the president’s announcement of a United States Supreme Court nominee. As a result, White House officials pushed out a statement asserting that Mr. Trump “is determined to protect the rights of all Americans, including the L.G.B.T.Q. community,” adding that the president “continues to be respectful and supportive of L.G.B.T.Q. rights, just as he was throughout the election.”
The draft order, circulated by religious conservatives allied with Mr. Trump and Vice President Mike Pence, was one of about 250 edicts that have been sent to federal agencies for vetting.
Mr. Trump never seriously considered signing the order, and did not need much convincing, people close to him said.
Still, conservatives inside the Trump camp pressured the president to consider a version of a “religious freedom” measure, similar to one supported by Mr. Pence in 2015 while he was the governor of Indiana, according to two senior administration officials.
Mr. Pence, however, did not personally push for the White House order, according to one of his allies.
Mr. Kushner and Ms. Trump’s opposition to the draft was first reported by Politico. It came on the heels of an announcement by the Nordstrom department store chain that it will scale back on featuring Ms. Trump’s clothing line from its stores, a public blow to a brand she has spent years cultivating.
A day after the White House quashed the religious freedom order, at the National Prayer Breakfast in Washington, Mr. Trump offered religious conservatives an olive branch by proposing to eliminate a law that bars churches with Internal Revenue Service charity designations from making political endorsements.
Some conservative leaders warned Mr. Trump that his decision to retain former President Barack Obama’s order on L.G.B.T. rights could have far-reaching political implications. “Our base would want to know who is responsible for what we believe is an issue of religious liberty — that would be of concern to us,” said Bob Vander Plaats, the chief executive of The Family Leader, a socially conservative organization.
“We have been consistent,” Mr. Vander Plaats added. “We’ve cheered President Trump a lot. But on this one, our base is wondering why Obama’s executive order would be allowed to stand?”
Tony Perkins, the president of the conservative Family Research Council, backed the draft order and said he believed Mr. Trump’s opposition was only temporary. He pointed out that evangelicals were supportive of Mr. Trump during the campaign, and that there would need to be reconciliation between his support for religious liberty and his decision to uphold the L.G.B.T. order.
“He gets it,” Mr. Perkins said of the president. “They will have to fix it and they will. I’m confident they will. Am I concerned? No. Not at this point.”
The topic of the order was a sensitive one in a West Wing that prides itself on decisiveness and bombast.
“There are a lot of ideas that are being floated out,” Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, told reporters on Thursday. “Part of it is, the president does all the time, he asks for input, he asks for ideas. And on a variety of subjects there are staffing procedures that go on where people have a thought or an idea and it goes through the process.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The number of people who signed up for health insurance in the federal marketplace that serves most states dipped this year to 9.2 million, the Trump administration said Friday, as consumers struggled with confusion over the future of the Affordable Care Act.
That represents a decline of more than 4 percent from the total of 9.63 million people who signed up through HealthCare.gov at this time last year.
The numbers do not include activity in the 11 states that run their own online marketplaces under the Affordable Care Act, former President Barack Obama’s signature health care law. State reports suggest that they have signed up about three million people.
Veterans of the Obama administration said President Trump’s opposition to the health law and his efforts to undermine it had taken a toll. People may also have been influenced by signals from Congress that the law would soon be repealed. And some consumers may have been put off by the termination of their health plans, which was caused by an exodus of major insurers from the market in many states.
Just before leaving office, the Obama administration reported that sign-ups through HealthCare.gov were running slightly ahead of the number at the same time last year, with 8.8 million as of Jan. 14.
“Trump’s sabotage worked,” said Ben Wakana, who was a spokesman for Sylvia Mathews Burwell, the secretary of health and human services under Mr. Obama. “We were on track to exceed last year’s total. We expected a million people to sign up on the federal exchange in the final week of the open enrollment period.”
Still, the numbers present a challenge to Republicans who are struggling to repeal the law that allowed those millions to purchase insurance plans — and who have promised not to displace anyone covered by it.
The fourth annual open enrollment season began Nov. 1 and ended Tuesday, 11 days after Mr. Trump took office.
The Trump administration scaled back publicity and advertising in the final days of the open enrollment period. Mr. Trump also issued a broadly worded executive order that directed federal officials to waive or delay any provision of the Affordable Care Act that would impose “a cost, fee, tax, penalty or regulatory burden on individuals.”
The order, issued within hours of Mr. Trump’s inauguration on Jan. 20, did not specify what actions would be taken. But lawyers and health policy experts read it as an indication that the government might not enforce the federal requirement for people to have health insurance or pay a tax penalty.
Mr. Trump has described the Affordable Care Act as “a complete and total disaster” and has said he wants to replace it with better, cheaper coverage “for everybody,” but he has not offered a plan to achieve that goal.
Senator Orrin G. Hatch, Republican of Utah and chairman of the Finance Committee, who is trying to draft a replacement for the law, said that “today’s numbers failed to keep pace with last year’s.” In addition, he suggested, some people who signed up will not pay their premiums and will therefore not have coverage this year.
“Either way,” Mr. Hatch said, “enrollment numbers are down, and costs are up.”
That response was predicted by Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, the House minority leader and an architect of the law.
“Now, Republicans will cynically point to the dip in enrollment they caused, declare the Affordable Care Act broken and move to steal the affordable health coverage of every American,” she said. “Meanwhile, in states committed to delivering affordable health coverage to their residents, enrollment in the Affordable Care Act’s marketplaces has surged.”
“Democrats will continue to stand our ground to ensure that every American has access to affordable health coverage,” she added.
Enrollment reports from the Obama administration were invariably upbeat, saying the numbers showed that people needed and wanted insurance under the Affordable Care Act.
The first report from the Trump administration struck a different tone.
“Obamacare has failed the American people, with one broken promise after another,” Matt Lloyd, a spokesman for the Department of Health and Human Services, said Friday. “Premiums in the A.C.A. marketplace have increased 25 percent while the number of insurers has declined 28 percent over the past year.”
Of the 9.2 million people who signed up through HealthCare.gov, one-third were new to the federal marketplace, and two-thirds were returning customers. The individual insurance market is in constant flux. With changes in income and employment, consumers may gain or lose coverage from Medicaid, employers and other sources of insurance.
The Obama administration predicted in October that 13.8 million people would sign up for coverage in the enrollment period that ended this week. The total appears likely to fall short of that goal.
Leslie Dach, a former Obama administration official who is trying to preserve the health law as a leader of the Protect Our Care Coalition, said, “Enrollment was a success, and it would have been even higher without the Trump administration’s efforts to suppress enrollment.” Despite those efforts, he said, “Americans continued to enroll in the final weeks, proving that there is considerable demand for quality and affordable coverage.”
Several states that run their own insurance exchanges appear to have done better than the federal marketplace. In New York, 908,200 people signed up through the state marketplace for either a qualified health plan or the “basic health program” authorized by the Affordable Care Act for low-income people. That represents an increase of 39 percent.
Under the Obama administration, enrollment in marketplace insurance plans was consistently lower than the levels originally projected by the Congressional Budget Office, in part because consumers were more likely to get and keep employer-sponsored insurance.



ARTICLE
Kellyanne Conway, the adviser to President Trump who coined the phrase “alternative facts,” is facing another round of criticism and fact-checking after she falsely spoke of a “Bowling Green massacre” by Iraqi refugees. She acknowledged and corrected her statement Friday morning on Twitter.
Ms. Conway made the comment during an appearance on MSNBC’s “Hardball” on Thursday night as she discussed with the host, Chris Matthews, the executive order by Mr. Trump that suspended immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries.
“I bet it’s brand new information to people that President Obama had a six-month ban on the Iraqi refugee program after two Iraqis came here to this country, were radicalized and were the masterminds behind the Bowling Green massacre,” she said. “Most people don’t know that because it didn’t get covered.”
In fact, no “Bowling Green massacre” ever happened.
Ms. Conway did not specify whether she meant an attack in Kentucky, Ohio or Downtown Manhattan, for that matter. But the closest circumstance to what she described occurred in Bowling Green, Ky., in late May 2011.
Two Iraqi citizens, Mohanad Shareef Hammadi and Waad Ramadan Alwan, were indicted on federal terrorism charges. According to a Justice Department news release from January 2013, the two men had attempted to send weapons and money to Al Qaeda in Iraq with the aim of killing American soldiers there.
Both defendants pleaded guilty to the federal charges, and Mr. Hammadi was sentenced to life in prison, while Mr. Alwan, whose fingerprints were found on an undetonated improvised explosive device in Iraq, was sentenced to 40 years in federal prison, with a life term of supervised release.
Assistant Attorney General Lisa Monaco said at the time, “These two former Iraqi insurgents participated in terrorist activities overseas and attempted to continue providing material support to terrorists while they lived here in the United States. With today’s sentences, both men are being held accountable.”
Not long after Ms. Conway’s comments were debunked Thursday night, a clip of her interview went viral online, leading to ridicule and some humorous suggestions as to what she could have been referring to (namely, sports).
On Friday morning, Ms. Conway admitted she had put out wrong information. “Honest mistakes abound,” she wrote on Twitter — and pointed to missteps the news media had made in covering the Trump administration.
As for her overshadowed assertion that President Barack Obama had instituted a six-month ban on the Iraqi refugee program after the Bowling Green arrests, that is not quite true either: While the Obama administration slowed the visa process, some Iraqi refugees were admitted to the United States in every month of 2011.
Ms. Conway did clarify that, yes, she had been referring to the case of Mr. Hammadi and Mr. Alwan, linking in a tweet to an ABC News article from November 2013. A clarification that undermined her claim that the story “didn’t get covered.”
It did.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump has been in office for barely two weeks, but Congress is already in diplomatic damage control.
Senators are huddling in meetings or on embarrassing phone calls with ambassadors of major allies, assuring them that, yes, America is still their friend.
They are cobbling together visits to other nations, something that members of Congress regularly do, but this time with the goal of assuring world leaders that powerful lawmakers do not walk in lock step with Mr. Trump.
Others are drafting legislation to blunt the force of Russia, with which the Trump administration has been uncharacteristically aligned.
They are also trying to discern some kind of consistency from the White House, which was made far more difficult when the administration seemed on Thursday to essentially be embracing President Barack Obama’s positions by demanding that Russia withdraw from Crimea, that Israel curb settlement construction and that Iran face more sanctions for ballistic missile tests.
“Congress will have to take a much more active role than usual in foreign policy,” said Senator Ben Cardin of Maryland, the highest-ranking Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. “In part, to try and move the Trump administration to support more traditional American values abroad and to counter some of the damage he has done. It’s going to be necessary and it’s going to be bipartisan.”
Mr. Cardin said he would soon be visiting Mexico “to repair some of that relationship.” He and Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee, the chairman of the committee, recently met with Sigmar Gabriel, the German foreign minister, and King Abdullah II of Jordan. Both senators said they picked up on significant concerns. “The king mentioned that recent policies are having an effect,” Mr. Corker said.
Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona and chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, released a remarkable public statement Thursday noting that he had called Australia’s ambassador to the United States, Joe Hockey, to express his “unwavering support for the U.S.-Australia alliance,” after a contentious phone call between Mr. Trump and Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull concerning the status of refugees from an Australian detention center.
Speaker Paul D. Ryan echoed the sentiments in a news conference. “Prime Minister Turnbull was in my office a couple months ago,” he said. “He’s a very important ally. Australia is a very central ally, they are and they will continue to be.”
Mr. Trump has broken with the policy positions of congressional Republicans on myriad issues, from trade to immigration to tax reform, and they have largely, so far, bent in his direction.
But in the area of foreign relations, particularly when it comes to longstanding American allies like Australia, Democrats and Republicans have been unified in discontent, and sometimes horror. They were displeased with Mr. Trump’s statements endorsing torture. They were made anxious by President Trump insulting the Iranian government on Twitter, seemingly his preferred medium for foreign confrontations.
They have routinely pushed back on his suggestions that the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the European Union are outdated. The phone fracas with the leader of Australia was merely the latest. “The president says, ‘America First,’ and I agree,” said Senator John Cornyn of Texas, the No. 2 Republican in his chamber. “But obviously we have important allies around the world.”
House Republicans met last week at their policy retreat in Philadelphia with Theresa May, the British prime minister, before she headed to the White House, in part to convey an important message about America’s commitment to NATO.
While such conversations were once box-checking affairs, they have now become a matter of mild emergency, said several House and Senate aides. The Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky, is particularly invested in international relations and is all but certain to provide quiet reassurance to many diplomats and world leaders.
Mr. Trump’s positions on Russia, in particular, have united many members of Congress in their concern. They have been skittish over his repeated suggestions that the nation had not meddled in the United States’ presidential election, contrary to copious intelligence information, and his frequent hints that his administration could lift sanctions against Russia. (On Thursday, the ambassador to the United Nations, Nikki R. Haley, said the United States would not lift the sanctions until Russia withdrew from Crimea.)
Senators Chuck Schumer, Democrat of New York, and Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, have joined with Mr. Cardin and Mr. McCain to work on a bill that would require the approval of Congress before Mr. Trump could roll back sanctions.
On Thursday, Mr. Graham and Senator Sheldon Whitehouse, Democrat of Rhode Island, said the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism would investigate Russian efforts to influence elections, both in the United States and abroad.
An executive order Mr. Trump issued last week that targets Syrian refugees and all travelers from several predominantly Muslim nations also drew intense criticism from a broad range of congressional Democrats and a fair number of Republicans, largely in the Senate.
But efforts to counter Mr. Trump’s missteps and policy provocations can go only so far. “Congress can’t run an effective parallel foreign policy,” said Martin Indyk, the executive vice president of the Brookings Institution, who served as the ambassador to Israel in the Clinton administration.
“That is the prerogative of the executive branch,” Mr. Indyk said. “There are now real, substantive differences between the Trump administration and the Mexican government that can only be mended by the two of them dealing directly with each other. Senators can help soothe ruffled feathers, but they’re not the source of the problem and therefore can’t fix it.”



ARTICLE
By most any measure, the secretary of education is one of the least powerful cabinet positions.
The secretary is 16th in the line of succession to the presidency. Education accounts for a paltry 3 percent of the federal budget, compared with 24 percent for Social Security and 16 percent for defense. And the most recent major federal education law curtailed Washington’s role on testing, standards and accountability, turning much of the firepower in education policy back to states and school districts.
That is what has made the protest movement against Betsy DeVos, President Trump’s nominee to be secretary of education, all the more remarkable.
After an underwhelming confirmation hearing in which Ms. DeVos seemed ignorant of major provisions of federal education law, such as the Individuals With Disabilities Education Act, some Senate offices reported receiving more calls opposing Ms. DeVos than any other Trump nominee.
At women’s marches across the country on Jan. 21, protesters carried signs ridiculing her as an out-of-touch billionaire. In Portland, Ore., high school students walked out of class in opposition to Ms. DeVos, and in Anchorage, protesters picketed the office of Senator Lisa Murkowski, a Republican, demanding she vote against the nominee.
This week, Ms. Murkowski and Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine, said they would oppose her confirmation, leaving Ms. DeVos one swing senator away from an embarrassing rejection. On Thursday, calls opposing Ms. DeVos so overwhelmed the Senate phone system that by the afternoon, offices were having trouble gaining access to their voice mail messages.
“We are experiencing heavy call volumes in all our offices,” Senator Dean Heller, a Nevada Republican, wrote Thursday on Twitter. “Staff is answering as many as possible.”
The opposition has come from some expected sources: well-funded progressive groups, teachers’ unions and the Democratic Party itself, as well as from grass-roots local parents’ and teachers’ organizations.
But as clamorous as these protests have become, Ms. DeVos is also imperiled by a lack of support from constituencies that a Republican nominee might normally count on.
As a philanthropist and an advocate, she has fought not only for the expansion of the charter school sector — a bipartisan cause — but also for school vouchers, which can allow students to carry taxpayer dollars to private schools, for-profit schools, religious schools and online schools.
Nationwide, most charter schools, including those in the best-known networks, like the KIPP schools, are nonprofit. But the opposite is true in Ms. DeVos’s home state, Michigan, where she has wielded great influence over education policy and beat back efforts to increase oversight of charter schools in Detroit.
Research suggests that traditional public schools and nonprofit charter schools generally outperform for-profit charters and private schools that accept vouchers, and some organizations representing nonprofit charter schools have come out against Ms. DeVos. The Massachusetts Charter Public School Association wrote a letter to Senator Elizabeth Warren, a Democrat, last month saying that it was “deeply concerned that efforts to grow school choice without a rigorous accountability system will reduce the quality of charter schools across the country.”
On Wednesday, the philanthropist Eli Broad, a leading funder of nonprofit charter schools, wrote to Senators Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican majority leader, and Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic minority leader, opposing Ms. DeVos’s confirmation.
“Before Mrs. DeVos’s hearing, I had serious concerns about her support for unregulated charter schools and vouchers as well as the potential conflicts of interest she might bring to the job,” Mr. Broad wrote, possibly alluding to investments she has made in education-related companies. “Her testimony not only reinforced my concerns but also added to them.”
School choice may not do much to help sparsely populated rural communities, a factor Ms. Collins and Ms. Murkowski cited in their decisions to oppose Ms. DeVos. And the idea of having children attend virtual schools at a computer screen, while a growing practice, leaves many parents and educators cold.
“In rural Alaska, there is one school, and that’s the hub of the community,” said Alyse Galvin, a mother of four and a founder of Great Alaska Schools, which has organized opposition in the state to Ms. DeVos. “That’s where people hang. It’s where the warmth is. In some of these places, it’s where the only running water is.”
“You can’t imagine it if you haven’t been there,” she continued. Ms. DeVos, she said, “hasn’t been there.”
Some in the self-described education reform community have greeted Ms. DeVos’s nomination warmly. The National Alliance for Public Charter Schools, an advocacy group based in Washington, has endorsed her. “Throughout her career Mrs. DeVos has worked to empower parents and give families strong educational options, so they can do what is best for their child,” the group said in a statement when her nomination was announced. “We look forward to working with Mrs. DeVos.”
She has also attracted support from Jeb Bush, the former Florida governor and presidential candidate, who supports school accountability and has close ties to for-profit educational efforts.
Eva Moskowitz, the founder of the Success Academy charter school network in New York City, and herself a lightning rod for using confrontational political tactics, is one nonprofit charter leader who has vocally supported Ms. DeVos. “I don’t personally want to run virtual schools,” Ms. Moskowitz said. “I like seeing the children, and I think building loving communities is something that is personally important. But should they be an option and can they be done well? I believe yes.”
“What we should be worried about is that so many millions of children are not getting a good education,” she added.
On Friday, the Senate voted to advance Ms. DeVos’s nomination to a final confirmation vote, expected early next week. All 48 senators in the Democratic caucus are expected to oppose her. Even with the two Republicans against her, Ms. DeVos could still be confirmed because Vice President Mike Pence would have the tiebreaking vote. But a third Republican “nay” vote would doom her.
It has not helped Ms. DeVos that she exemplifies much that liberals find objectionable about the Trump administration. She is a Christian conservative, an heir to the Amway fortune and a longtime Republican Party donor. At her confirmation hearing, she would not commit to following a number of President Barack Obama’s education regulations, on matters including campus sexual assault and reining in low-performing for-profit colleges.
Then she ran into the political-entertainment buzz saw, which has made maximum use of some of her (unintentionally) humorous comments at her confirmation hearing. Millions of people have viewed a “Daily Show” segment in which Trevor Noah excoriates her as unqualified, focusing on her statement that guns should be allowed in schools to protect children against “grizzlies.” Celebrities including Michael Moore and Olivia Wilde have spoken out against her.
The late night host Jimmy Kimmel said Ms. DeVos “has no experience in education” and noted that her children had attended private schools. If grizzly bears are a problem in public schools, he joked, maybe Sarah Palin, the former Alaska governor, should be secretary of education.
But Ms. DeVos is not the first nominee to lack hands-on experience in running a school system or to hold controversial views. The first secretary, Shirley Hufstedler, appointed by President Jimmy Carter in 1979, was a federal judge. President Ronald Reagan’s second-term pick, William J. Bennett, had strong ties to the religious right and was known for picking fights on hot-button issues like bilingual education and affirmative action. Yet even these nominees were confirmed with bipartisan support and little notice from the public.
This level of opposition “would have been shocking in Bill Bennett’s time,” said Grover J. Whitehurst, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution and a former Education Department official under President George W. Bush. “There was a deference to the president and his ability to have his cabinet appointments, and an institutional respect in the Senate. That has evaporated.”
“Poor Mrs. DeVos is a victim of her poor performance in her hearing,” he said, “but also of broader political theater.”



ARTICLE
■ President Trump responded to the failed attack in Paris with his trademark understatement. Europe is not amused.
■ The “Bowling Green massacre” that Kellyanne Conway lamented never happened, but it has triggered another Trump-Clinton battle.
■ The president’s phone manners apparently have not changed. This time he used them on Uber’s chief executive.
A soldier shot and wounded a man wielding a machete near the Louvre museum in Paris, prompting French authorities to open a terrorism investigation.
The president of the United States responded:
It is difficult to divine Mr. Trump’s thinking at times, but safe to say “get smart” in this case most likely means accepting his policies.
For their part, Europeans aren’t taking well to the new American president.
President François Hollande of France, in a defense of the European Union that Mr. Trump has disparaged, said on Friday that European countries that wanted to forge bilateral ties with the United States had to “understand that there is no future with Trump if it is not defined in common.”
Then there are the Germans:
When Kellyanne Conway, the White House senior adviser, cited the “Bowling Green massacre” to justify President Trump’s halt to visas from seven predominantly Muslim countries, America was left scratching its collective head.
And social media lit up with delight over the “massacre” that time forgot.
This has not sat well with Ms. Conway, who after all did have a small kernel of truth to back her up, though no killings happened in Bowling Green, Ky., and a “massacre” does not appear to have ever occurred anywhere.
In 2013, the State Department imposed a six-month freeze on processing Iraqi refugees after two Qaeda members were discovered in Iraq setting roadside bombs targeting American troops. They had been admitted to the United States in 2009 and lived in Bowling Green before they returned to Iraq.
The fingerprint that nailed them was on a cellphone detonator tied to a bomb that had not exploded. So “massacre”? No. In Bowling Green? No. Refugees? Well, yes, sort of.
Ms. Conway now says she misspoke.
But things got really hot when a Clinton jumped into the fray — Chelsea Clinton.
Which only stoked old campaign feuds, and a reminder of the exaggerated claim from Hillary Clinton that, as first lady, she once landed in war-torn Bosnia under fire from hostile Serbs.
It never ends.
President Trump has taken some heat for his phone manners since it emerged that he pretty much chewed out Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull of Australia before hanging up on him. Apparently Mr. Trump is unrepentant.
According to the new online newsletter Axios, Mr. Trump had an unpleasant conversation with the chief executive of Uber, Travis Kalanick, after the brash entrepreneur quit  the president’s business council in protest of his executive order banning some foreigners from entering the country.
Some in Mr. Trump’s “inner circle” suggested that Mr. Kalanick was cutting off his access to the White House. Mr. Kalanick might be a little more concerned with all the smartphone users’ dropping their Uber app in favor of Lyft, a competitor that was first to protest Mr. Trump’s immigration policies.
In an unusual early morning session, the Senate on Friday cleared an important procedural hurdle to approving Betsy DeVos, Mr. Trump’s nominee for education secretary, setting up a final, nail-biting confirmation vote next week.
The Senate’s 52-to-48 vote along party lines to limit further debate on her nomination is deceptive. Two Republican senators, Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, went along with the procedural vote, but they say they will oppose her on the final vote, expected on Tuesday.
Callers have overwhelmed the Capitol’s phone system, many of them expressing angry opposition to Ms. DeVos’s nomination. Senators have heard from all manner of educators in their home states opposing her confirmation — and not just teachers’ unions.
The opposition from Ms. Collins and Ms. Murkowski raises the prospects of a 50-to-50 tie that Vice President Mike Pence, as president of the Senate, would have to settle.
After convening at 6:30 a.m., one of the earliest starts in recent memory, Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, urged his colleagues to take stock of their positions on Ms. DeVos’s nomination over the weekend. ”Sometimes loyalty to a president demands a bit too much,” he said on the floor.
Why so early? Under Senate rules, a set amount of time had to elapse between the first procedural actions, which took place Wednesday afternoon, and Friday’s vote.
Remember Russia? The country that intelligence officials believe interfered in the 2016 presidential election on Mr. Trump’s behalf?
Two weeks into Mr. Trump’s presidency, talk of the foreign power’s apparent role has somewhat faded from view, at least temporarily, in the daily avalanche of White House exploits and misadventures.
But Capitol Hill will have its say. Two senators are convening an investigation into Russia’s election interference, joining other efforts in Congress to examine what happened.
Senators Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, and Sheldon Whitehouse, Democrat of Rhode Island, said their investigation would focus on Russian interference both in the United States’ election and in other elections around the world. (Mr. Graham is the chairman and Mr. Whitehouse is the ranking member of a subcommittee of the Senate Judiciary Committee that is focused on crime and terrorism.)
“Our goal is simple,” the senators said in a joint statement. “To the fullest extent possible we want to shine a light on Russian activities to undermine democracy.”
There are already multiple Senate committee examinations into Russia’s role, as well as an inquiry by the House.
Dr. Harold N. Bornstein has been President Trump’s personal doctor for more than 35 years. He prescribed Mr. Trump the prostate-related drug that keeps the presidential mane flowing, and declared him the healthiest man to hold the highest office in the land.
But for now, Mr. Trump will keep the same White House doctor who cared for Barack Obama, Ronny Jackson, a rear admiral in the Navy.
The decision, first reported by the online medical journal Stat, raised the possibility that voters might actually get some reliable information on the health of their commander in chief.
The meeting of big-shot chief executives at the White House on Friday — people like Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase and Stephen A. Schwarzman of Blackstone — was supposed to prove the bona fides of the new, business-focused businessman-turned-president.
But Mr. Trump’s temporary ban on visas from seven predominantly Muslim countries has complicated the discussion considerably.
Travis Kalanick, Uber’s chief executive, told employees he was dropping off Mr. Trump’s economic advisory council in protest of his immigration policies, given the number of immigrant Uber drivers. Bob Iger of Disney is not attending.
And Elon Musk let it be known on Twitter that he would object to the ban to the president’s face.



ARTICLE
The White House Correspondents’ Dinner has gone from a hoary ritual to the apex of Washington’s social calendar, replete with Hollywood A-listers, tuxedoed television stars and live coverage on the major news networks.
But like many Washington traditions, things are changing now that President Trump is in town.
The New Yorker is canceling the kickoff party that it usually holds at the W Hotel, according to a spokeswoman for the magazine, Natalie Raabe. Vanity Fair is pulling out of co-sponsoring the dinner’s most exclusive after-party, a celebrity-studded affair most recently hosted at the French ambassador’s residence that is considered the capital’s hottest ticket of the year.
Vanity Fair’s co-sponsor, Bloomberg L.P., is proceeding with its plans for the party, but no final decision has been made on the event, a spokesman said on Thursday. (Bloomberg has previously sponsored the after-party on its own.)
“We’ve taken a break from the dinner in the past,” Graydon Carter, the editor of Vanity Fair, wrote in an email, adding that he planned to spend the weekend fishing in Connecticut instead.
Mr. Carter, who has feuded with Mr. Trump for decades, was asked whether he had a particular reason for canceling this year’s festivities. “Trump,” Mr. Carter replied, “and the fish.”
Coupled with plans by the comedian Samantha Bee to hold an alternative event on the night of the dinner — scheduled for April 29 — the moves are a sign that the arrival of Mr. Trump is turning off the Hollywood and New York boldface names who flocked to see President Barack Obama at the event in years past.
And it underscores the awkward nature of the press corps throwing a splashy dinner while covering an administration that has been outwardly hostile to the news media. Mr. Trump and his top aides have lambasted journalists as dishonest and deemed the news media  “the opposition party.”
The president, for his part, has not publicly committed to attending. But a senior administration official, who asked for anonymity to describe private discussions, said that the date of the dinner was on Mr. Trump’s calendar and that the president planned to continue the tradition.
Mr. Trump has a particularly charged history with the dinner. When he was a reality TV star who was questioning Mr. Obama’s place of birth, Mr. Trump endured one of the event’s most brutal roastings on record, delivered by Mr. Obama and the comedian Seth Meyers in 2011. Television cameras captured Mr. Trump looking stone-faced as the jokes poured down.
As a candidate last year, Mr. Trump was jeered at the Alfred E. Smith Memorial Foundation Dinner in New York, another formal event where politicians are expected to make fun of themselves. Not one to be self-deprecating, Mr. Trump took some shots at his opponent, Hillary Clinton, who was sitting nearby, and made a joke at the expense of his wife, Melania.
Whether Mr. Trump — who has attacked journalists, politicians and actors for speaking out against him — would be willing to play along with the comedic aspect of the Correspondents’ Dinner remains an open question in Washington.
“Historically, that’s one thing presidents have liked, is the chance to get up there and make fun of other people,” Hilary Rosen, a Democratic strategist who helps plan an annual garden brunch, said in an interview.
Ms. Rosen then considered Mr. Trump’s track record with the news media, which has been more pugilistic than playful. “He probably doesn’t need that forum,” she said.
Interest in the details of this year’s event has been so intense that Jeff Mason, the current president of the White House Correspondents’ Association, felt compelled to release a statement on Thursday assuring that the dinner will, in fact, go on.
“There is always a healthy amount of criticism about the dinner generally,” Mr. Mason said in an interview, “and I’m sure that will continue this year.”
As in years past, the event will be primarily focused on recognizing the work of Washington journalists, raising money for scholarships and charitable causes, and celebrating the importance of the First Amendment, said Mr. Mason, a White House correspondent for Reuters.
“We do that regardless of who is the president of the United States,” Mr. Mason said.
Mr. Mason would not say which entertainers were in consideration to host the event, calling that a “closely held secret.”
Another question is who might fill seats that may be vacated by the Hollywood establishment, which has publicly railed against the Trump administration. In past years, celebrities have flooded Washington for the weekend, creating what some journalists feel is a distorted view of the relationship between the news media, the presidency and the Hollywood establishment. Organizers of the dinner and other events say that the relationship was never supposed to look like a love triangle.
“It might actually be a good thing if it’s less of that this year,” Kate Nocera, the chief of BuzzFeed’s Washington bureau, said in an interview. “I feel like there’s been some burnout around what a spectacle of a weekend it is.”
BuzzFeed has never bought tickets to attend the dinner and will continue to host an alternative event on the night it takes place, Ms. Nocera said. The New York Times stopped sending journalists in 2008.
Ed Chen, who was president of the Correspondents’ Association in 2010 and is a former White House reporter for Bloomberg News, said that, over the years, more nonjournalists began filling the seats purchased by news organizations. Lobbyists, celebrities, elected officials and advertisers began filling the 2,670-seat ballroom in the Washington Hilton.
If anything, Mr. Chen added, the absence of celebrities might signal a return to business as usual for journalists concerned about access. “The organizations are still trying to court these people as sources,” said Mr. Chen, who is now a spokesman for the Natural Resources Defense Council.
The Correspondents’ Dinner has weathered awkward years before. In 1999, after President Bill Clinton’s impeachment over a sex scandal, the event featured the news anchor Brian Williams, rather than a comedian. A performance by Aretha Franklin was the main attraction.
This year, the $300 tickets to the dinner are still likely to sell, and some celebrity spectacles are still likely to unfold, even if the Hollywood component ends up slightly rerouted. Ms. Bee, the comedian holding the alternative event, took the opportunity to take a jab at the association’s prospective lineup.
“Does 3 Doors Down do comedy?” Ms. Bee said in an interview with The Times, referring to the relatively obscure rock band that performed at Mr. Trump’s inaugural concert. “I don’t know, maybe they do.”
Mr. Chen said that journalists with the White House Correspondents’ Association, which is not affiliated with the surrounding parties, may not care too much if celebrities do not show up.
Instead, he added, the reporters want to see Mr. Trump.
“I would suspect there’s tremendous lobbying,” Mr. Chen said, “especially members of the board of the association, lobbying the White House for the president to come.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — When President Trump traveled to Dover Air Force Base in Delaware this week to pay respects to a fallen member of the Navy SEALs, it was his daughter Ivanka — not his wife, Melania — who accompanied him.
Mrs. Trump’s conspicuous absence at the solemn ceremony only underscored the fact that she vanished from public view days after her husband’s swearing-in two weeks ago. And it raised new questions about what role, if any, she plans to play as first lady.
Mrs. Trump broke with decades of tradition when she decided last year that she would not move into the White House when her husband took office, and would remain instead in the family’s Manhattan penthouse so the couple’s 10-year-old son, Barron, could finish the school year. That decision has made for an unusually slow transition into what has traditionally been a hectic, demanding and heavily scrutinized role.
It was not until Wednesday that she named Lindsay Reynolds, who worked in the White House under President George W. Bush, as her chief of staff, a position that most first ladies fill before Inauguration Day. Mrs. Trump has still not filled other crucial positions, including social secretary and communications director.
Unanswered requests for White House tours, traditionally run by the first lady’s office, have been piling up by the thousands, according to people familiar with the process, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss it. It is not clear how much planning has gone into the elaborate White House events that are among the heaviest tasks for first ladies, such as the annual Easter Egg Roll, which draws 35,000 attendees.
“She is far behind the curve compared to where modern first ladies have been by the time their husbands are inaugurated, in a quite unprecedented way,” said Myra Gutin, a professor at Rider University who specializes in first ladies. “We are in uncharted territory here.”
People close to Mrs. Trump say she has every intention of taking on a greater profile, though she is in no rush to establish a public presence. She is working behind the scenes to adjust to the job on her own terms, a task made infinitely more difficult by the implied comparison with Michelle Obama. Despite her own deep ambivalence about the role, Mrs. Obama left it last month with a 68 percent approval rating and perhaps the most vaunted celebrity status ever enjoyed by a first lady.
Mrs. Trump’s approval rating is 37 percent, according to a Gallup poll conducted last month, which found that she was substantially less popular than previous first ladies at the dawn of their husbands’ presidencies. She is also considerably more of an enigma: One in four Americans were unfamiliar with or had no opinion of her. And Mrs. Trump is pushing back more forcefully on the traditional confines of her position than did Mrs. Obama, who after her husband’s election in 2008 had badly wanted to remain in Chicago with her young daughters while they finished their school year. She was instructed by his political aides that the public would never accept such a move.
After announcing her chief of staff on Wednesday, Mrs. Trump on Thursday chose an interior designer, Tham Kannalikham, to overhaul the White House private quarters. In the coming days, she plans to announce the hiring of Natalie Jones, a former Obama administration protocol official, as her social secretary, according to people briefed on her plans, and Stephanie Winston Wolkoff, the former director of Fashion Week at Lincoln Center who planned Mr. Trump’s inaugural festivities, as her senior adviser.
“I am putting together a professional and highly experienced team, which will take time to do properly,” Mrs. Trump said in a statement on Wednesday. “I am excited to be organizing and bringing together such a dynamic and forward thinking group of individuals who will work together to make our country better for everyone.”
But for now, the lack of staff has deprived Mrs. Trump of control over her image, leading to speculation about everything from her state of mind to her moving date.
Her absence from Washington fueled rumors this week that she might never move to the capital. And with none of the customary images of the first lady adjusting to life in the White House, social media has seized instead on a meme based on video of Mrs. Trump frowning during the inauguration, spawning the hashtag #SadMelania.
Ms. Wolkoff said Mrs. Trump had every intention of moving to the White House and would be splitting her time between Washington and New York until then. “It has only been a short time since the inauguration, and the first lady is going to go about her role in a pragmatic and thoughtful way that is unique and authentic to her,” Ms. Wolkoff said.
The hiring of Ms. Reynolds appeared at least in part designed to answer concerns that have arisen about the unusually long disruption to White House tours. Ms. Reynolds said on Wednesday that she was “working to ensure that the White House Visitors Office is fully staffed and operational and ready to accept tour requests for the public in the coming weeks after a traditional temporary closure during the transition period.”
Ms. Reynolds also said that “plans are in place” for the Governors Ball, a black-tie event at the White House for the nation’s governors at the end of the month. A spokeswoman said meetings to plan the Easter Egg Roll would take place over the next few weeks.
Anita McBride, who served as chief of staff to Laura Bush, said Mrs. Trump should have space to define her position in the way that felt most comfortable to her.
“Everybody has expectations of what they think it should be, but the reality is it’s really for the first lady to determine how she can fulfill the role that’s true to her,” Ms. McBride said. “We’re just used to seeing these announcements done before an inauguration and everybody in place on Day 1, but that doesn’t mean it has to happen that way.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — After a Kansas man was convicted of possessing and sending child pornography, he appealed to the United States Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit. The case came before a three-judge panel that included Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, who is now President Trump’s Supreme Court nominee.
The Kansas man had been caught because an AOL system that scans outgoing emails for known images of child pornography detected such a file attached to a message he had sent. The AOL system forwarded the email to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, which opened it without a warrant and alerted law enforcement officials.
Citing the Fourth Amendment, Judge Gorsuch’s panel overturned his conviction last August.
Writing for the panel, the judge expressed confidence that in the future, the center’s “law enforcement partners will struggle not at all to obtain warrants to open emails when the facts in hand suggest, as they surely did here, that a crime against a child has taken place.” (He also left open the possibility of reinstating the evidence against the Kansas man after further proceedings.)
Although Judge Gorsuch has a decidedly conservative record on the bench, by at least one measure — his view of the Fourth Amendment’s protections against unreasonable searches — he has been relatively moderate, according to legal scholars and a review of his rulings.
Orin S. Kerr, a George Washington University law professor who specializes in Fourth Amendment and technology issues, said Judge Gorsuch’s opinions suggested that he was “not a knee-jerk vote for the government.” That is important, Mr. Kerr said, because the Supreme Court has yet to resolve many questions about how the Fourth Amendment applies to 21st-century communications.
“The history of the Fourth Amendment is about physically breaking into houses and taking away papers, and the big question is how do you apply that physical concept to a virtual world,” Mr. Kerr said. “Courts are struggling with that, and there is a lot of wiggle room in how to do it.”
Underscoring how ambiguous constitutional law remains in this area, the Intercept website this week published a leaked version of an F.B.I. operational guide that revealed internal rules for emerging investigative technologies that raise Fourth Amendment issues. For example, the guide tells agents not to introduce in court evidence derived from using so-called Stingray devices to locate cellphones’ owners, adding that their use to find people inside buildings “could be deemed to constitute a search under the Fourth Amendment.”
“There is, however, currently no specific decision on point,” it said.
Since President George W. Bush appointed Judge Gorsuch to the 10th Circuit in 2006, the judge has dealt with several Fourth Amendment cases that raised novel technology issues. A 2013 case, for example, raised the question of what should happen if police officers erroneously stopped someone because of faulty technology, then discovered evidence of a crime.
In that case, an officer stopped a car because a license plate database, which was known to be unreliable, erroneously indicated that its plate was invalid. The officer then found drugs in the car. Writing for a unanimous panel, Judge Gorsuch suggested that the officer’s use of the flawed technology made the search sufficiently unlawful to block prosecutors from using the drugs as evidence.
On other occasions, Judge Gorsuch has sided with the government in such cases, including one that arose in response to a 2012 Supreme Court ruling that police officers need warrants to monitor suspects’ movements by attaching GPS trackers to their cars. The case before Judge Gorsuch presented the question of whether prosecutors could use evidence the police had gathered with such a GPS tracker in 2011, before the Supreme Court handed down its ruling.
In that case, Judge Gorsuch, again writing for a unanimous panel, held that prosecutors could use the evidence because the warrant rule for GPS trackers had not been clear at the time.
While there were several cases in which Judge Gorsuch ruled that a search had been unconstitutional, he has more often been part of a unanimous panel that sided with the government, a review of 10th Circuit cases showed.
Paul G. Cassell, a University of Utah law professor and a former Federal District Court judge, noted that the same was true for appellate judges across the ideological spectrum because people convicted of crimes routinely filed appeals even when there was scant legal question about the cases.
Even so, The New York Times identified three split decisions in which Judge Gorsuch ruled that officials accused of conducting illegal searches were immune from being sued, even though at least one other judge thought the plaintiffs deserved their day in court.
The Times also identified four split decisions about whether to suppress evidence obtained through searches that were alleged to be unconstitutional. In three of those cases, Judge Gorsuch argued that the evidence should not be suppressed, even though at least one other judge thought that it should be.
In the fourth, however, it was Judge Gorsuch who sided in dissent with a defendant. That case involved police officers who had walked onto private property and knocked on a door despite signs declaring “no trespassing.” Judge Gorsuch took a broader view of homeowner protections than his colleagues, writing that because of the signs, investigating officers should have gotten a warrant to walk onto the property.
Although such a rule would make the investigators’ job slightly harder, he wrote, “obedience to the Fourth Amendment always bears that cost and surely brings with it other benefits.”
“Neither, of course, is it our job,” he added, “to weigh those costs and benefits but to apply the amendment according to its terms and in light of its historical meaning.”
Shima Baradaran Baughman, a University of Utah law professor, contended that the “no trespassing” case is important as a clue to Judge Gorsuch’s Fourth Amendment philosophy because it suggests he will “respect the founders’ expansive views of the rights of the individual vis-à-vis the state.”
“Is this a liberal? No,” said Sam Kamin, a University of Denver law professor. “But given who is appointing him, this is someone who is willing to view government with skepticism — not just with regard to business and regulation, but also with regard to searches conducted by law enforcement.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — As a clandestine officer at the Central Intelligence Agency in 2002, Gina Haspel oversaw the torture of two terrorism suspects and later took part in an order to destroy videotapes documenting their brutal interrogations at a secret prison in Thailand.
On Thursday, Ms. Haspel was named the deputy director of the C.I.A.
The elevation of Ms. Haspel, a veteran widely respected among her colleagues, to the No. 2 job at the C.I.A. was a rare public signal of how, under the Trump administration, the agency is being led by officials who appear to take a far kinder view of one of its darker chapters than their immediate predecessors.
Over the past eight years, C.I.A. leaders defended dozens of agency personnel who had taken part in the now-banned torture program, even as they vowed never to resume the same harsh interrogation methods. But President Trump has said repeatedly that he thinks torture works. And the new C.I.A. chief, Mike Pompeo, has said that waterboarding and other techniques do not even constitute torture, and praised as “patriots” those who used such methods in the early days of the fight against Al Qaeda.
Ms. Haspel, who has spent most of her career undercover, would certainly fall within Mr. Pompeo’s description. She played a direct role in the C.I.A.’s “extraordinary rendition program,” under which captured militants were handed to foreign governments and held at secret facilities, where they were tortured by agency personnel.
The C.I.A.’s first overseas detention site was in Thailand. It was run by Ms. Haspel, who oversaw the brutal interrogations of two detainees, Abu Zubaydah and Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri.
Mr. Zubaydah alone was waterboarded 83 times in a single month, had his head repeatedly slammed into walls and endured other harsh methods before interrogators decided he had no useful information to provide.
The sessions were videotaped and the recordings stored in a safe at the C.I.A. station in Thailand until 2005, when they were ordered destroyed. By then, Ms. Haspel was serving at C.I.A. headquarters, and it was her name that was on the cable carrying the destruction orders.
The agency maintains that the decision to destroy the recordings was made by Ms. Haspel’s boss at the time, Jose Rodriguez, who was the head of the C.I.A.’s clandestine service.
But years later, when the C.I.A. wanted to name Ms. Haspel to run clandestine operations, Senator Dianne Feinstein of California, then the senior Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, blocked the promotion over Ms. Haspel’s role in the interrogation program and the destruction of the tapes.
On Thursday, critics of the C.I.A. questioned the choice of Ms. Haspel.
Mr. Pompeo “must explain to the American people how his promotion of someone allegedly involved in running a torture site squares with his own sworn promises to Congress that he will reject all forms of torture and abuse,” said Christopher Anders, the deputy director of the American Civil Liberties Union’s office in Washington.
The conflicting views of Ms. Haspel were clear in the reactions to her promotion on Thursday from members of Congress. Democrats expressed concern about how she would approach the issue of torture, while Republicans were fulsome in their praise.
Representative Devin Nunes, Republican of California and chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, said Ms. Haspel had “impressed us with her dedication, forthrightness, and her deep commitment to the intelligence community.”
Within the C.I.A., Ms. Haspel is similarly respected, and the agency’s announcement about her promotion came with a long list of testimonials from retired officials, much as prominent authors write blurbs for the back of other writers’ books. The list notably included prominent Obama administration officials, such as James R. Clapper Jr., the former director of national intelligence (“very pleased”), and Michael J. Morell, who twice served as the C.I.A.’s acting director (“I applaud the appointment”).
The praise for Ms. Haspel, despite her role in torturing detainees, reflects the agency’s ambivalent attitude toward those who participated in the interrogation program. The Bush administration declared the methods legal, and the view within the C.I.A. was that those who used the techniques were doing their jobs.
At the same time, many at the agency have little eagerness to see torture return. Where Ms. Haspel falls on the issue is not clear — as an undercover C.I.A. official, she was not offering public opinions on government policy — and neither she nor Mr. Pompeo could order agency personnel to resume the practice, because it is now against the law.
Mr. Pompeo’s decision to elevate Ms. Haspel is also likely to be seen by the C.I.A.’s rank-and-file as a vote of confidence in their work from their new director, despite Mr. Trump’s dismissal of the intelligence community throughout his campaign and in the months between his election and inauguration.
The open disdain with which Mr. Trump mocked the C.I.A., especially after intelligence agencies said they believed that Russia had tried to swing the election in his favor, had raised concerns at the agency of a repeat of the unhappy tenure of a former director, Porter J. Goss.
Mr. Goss took over the C.I.A. in 2004, when the agency was widely viewed as being at odds with the Bush administration over the Iraq war, and his marching orders were to end what the White House viewed as a campaign of leaks by insiders who opposed administration policies. He lasted only 13 months after his attempt to crack down on leaks drove many veterans out of the C.I.A.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump on Monday asserted that the news media was playing down the terrorist threat posed by the Islamic State, telling American military personnel that journalists were reluctant to report on the militant group’s attacks in Europe and “have their reasons” for failing to cover them.
Mr. Trump initially did not provide examples of a news media conspiracy to underplay terrorist attacks, and his comments appeared to ignore the vast amount of reporting on violence committed by the Islamic State and its supporters in the Middle East, Europe and the United States. Later Monday night, the White House released a list of what it said were 78 attacks from September 2014 to December 2016 that were carried out or inspired by the Islamic State. The White House said that “most have not received the media attention they deserved.”
The list included the major attacks in Paris; Brussels; San Bernardino, Calif.; and Orlando, Fla., that dominated the news for weeks. Other attacks overseas, lesser known to Americans, received extensive local coverage, like a shooting in Zvornik, Bosnia, in April 2015 in which one police officer was killed and two others were wounded.
The president’s speech was the second time in recent weeks that he has used an appearance before national security personnel — usually apolitical settings in which the focus is on strategy and sacrifice — to discredit journalists and exult in his election victory.
“Radical Islamic terrorists are determined to strike our homeland, as they did on 9/11, as they did from Boston to Orlando to San Bernardino and all across Europe,” Mr. Trump said at MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa, Fla., home to the military’s Central Command and Special Operations Command. “All over Europe it’s happening. It’s gotten to a point where it’s not even being reported, and in many cases, the very, very dishonest press doesn’t want to report it.”
“They have their reasons,” Mr. Trump added, “and you understand that.”
The theory that the news media is trying to whitewash terrorist attacks to protect Islam or Muslim migrants has been pushed by several right-wing news organizations, including the conspiracy-filled site Infowars, whose founder, Alex Jones, is an ally of Mr. Trump’s.
The president’s comments on Monday were reminiscent of his claim during a visit last month to the headquarters of the Central Intelligence Agency in Langley, Va., that the news media had fabricated his feud with the intelligence community. Those remarks came only days after he likened American intelligence officials to Nazis, after several weeks in which he had denigrated their work.
Aboard Air Force One on Monday, Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, told reporters returning to Washington with Mr. Trump that the president had been referring in Tampa to “several instances” in which the news media had not devoted sufficient attention to terrorism. Mr. Trump, Mr. Spicer said, believes journalists pay more attention to public protests than they do to terrorist attacks or plots.
“He felt members of the media don’t always cover some of those events to the extent that other events might get covered,” Mr. Spicer said. “Protests will get blown out of the water, and yet an attack or a foiled attack doesn’t necessarily get the same coverage.”
During his 12-minute speech on Monday, Mr. Trump promised to make “a historic financial investment in the armed forces,” in an effort to maintain peace in “our troubled, troubled times.” He also vowed to give the military the tools necessary to prevail against the Islamic State and thwart its attempts to strike America.
He also used the time — as he did at the C.I.A. two weeks earlier — to exult in his election victory, citing the large share of military votes he drew as proof of service members’ loyalty to him.
“We had a wonderful election, didn’t we?” Mr. Trump said. “I saw those numbers, and you liked me, and I liked you.”
While exit polls showed that about 60 percent of military personnel supported Mr. Trump in the November election, the armed forces are not a partisan institution and their members swear to obey their commander in chief, regardless of party.
Earlier on Monday, at a luncheon with enlisted soldiers, sailors, airmen and Marines, Mr. Trump went around his table asking who would remain in the military, and told them their experience would improve during his presidency.
“Come on; you have to stay,” he said to one luncheon companion. “You’ll like it better with me.”
The speech underscored the drivers of his inward-looking national security vision: an almost exclusive focus on the threat of the Islamic State; a skeptical view of multilateral alliances including NATO; and an “America First” rationale for hard-line policies like his travel ban, which he is now defending from legal challenges.
“We need strong programs so that people that love us and want to love our country and will end up loving our country are allowed in, not people that want to destroy us and destroy our country,” Mr. Trump said, an apparent reference to his  executive order on Jan. 27 suspending the United States’ refugee program, blocking Syrian refugees indefinitely and barring any entrants from seven predominantly Muslim countries.
On NATO, Mr. Trump, who has said in the past that the alliance is “obsolete,” tempered his message, arguing that he was focused on ensuring that it is well funded.
“We strongly support NATO; we only ask that all of the NATO members make their full and proper contributions to the NATO alliance, which many of them have not been doing — many of them have not been even close,” he said.
Mr. Trump said he would ensure that military personnel had the tools they needed to do their jobs, asserting that “we’ve been depleted” and vowing that this would not continue during his presidency.
“We’re going to be loading it up with beautiful new planes and beautiful new equipment,” he said of the Air Force base. “You’ve been lacking a little equipment. We’re going to load it up — you’re going to get a lot of equipment.”
The president also asserted that he had saved more than $700 million on the F-35 fighter jet program “when I got involved in the negotiation,” arguing that defense contractors including Lockheed Martin and Boeing had “cut their prices” at his insistence.
Mr. Trump was apparently referring to a decision by Lockheed on Friday to cut the price on a new contract for 90 of the radar-evading fighters by an additional $7.4 million per jet. Officials with the military and with Lockheed said the president’s intervention had helped speed negotiations and had contributed to the savings. But some savings will come from increased manufacturing efficiencies as the production rate grows, they added, making it difficult to quantify how much can be attributed to Mr. Trump’s prodding.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The Justice Department on Monday evening urged a federal appeals court to reinstate President Trump’s targeted travel ban, saying immediate action was needed to ensure the nation’s safety.
The administration’s brief was the last in a series of urgent pleas to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, in San Francisco, which is now set to rule on the most ambitious and disruptive initiative of Mr. Trump’s young presidency. The ruling will almost certainly be followed by an appeal to the Supreme Court.
The court scheduled an hourlong oral argument for Tuesday. That gives at least another day of reprieve to foreign visitors from seven predominantly Muslim countries, as well as other immigrants, who initially were blocked from entering the United States by Mr. Trump’s order.
The administration’s brief largely tracked its earlier arguments that dismissing the ban outright would threaten national security and disregard presidential authority. But it also asked the appeals court, at a minimum, to reinstate at least part of Mr. Trump’s order — appearing to acknowledge the possibility that the government’s case might not be successful.
“At most,” the brief said, the court order blocking the ban should be limited to “previously admitted aliens who are temporarily abroad now or who wish to travel and return to the United States in the future.” That would allow the federal government to block people who have never visited the United States.
On Monday, Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said the administration stood ready to reinstate the entire ban. “Once we win the case, it will go right back into action,” he said.
Later on Monday night, Mr. Trump called threats “from radical Islamic terrorism is very real.”
“Courts must act fast!” Mr. Trump said on Twitter.
Trial judges around the country have blocked aspects of Mr. Trump’s executive order, which suspended travel from the seven countries and limited the nation’s refugee program, but none of those cases have reached an appeals court. And none of the lower-court rulings were as broad as the one under review in the case, State of Washington v. Trump.
The Ninth Circuit scheduled the oral argument in the case for Tuesday at 3 p.m. Pacific time. It is to take place by telephone, and the court said it would be live-streamed on its website. Holding an oral argument by telephone in a major case is unusual.
The case will be heard by Judge William C. Canby Jr., appointed by President Jimmy Carter; Judge Michelle T. Friedland, appointed by President Barack Obama; and Judge Richard R. Clifton, appointed by President George W. Bush.
At issue is the earlier ruling, by Judge James L. Robart, a federal judge in Seattle, that blocked the key parts of Mr. Trump’s executive order. Judge Robart’s ruling allowed immigrants and travelers who had been barred from entry to come to the United States, and it inspired a harsh attack from Mr. Trump, who accused the judge of endangering national security.
On Saturday, the administration asked the Ninth Circuit for an immediate administrative stay of Judge Robart’s ruling without hearing from the plaintiffs, the States of Washington and Minnesota. The court declined, instead asking for more briefs.
Opponents of Mr. Trump’s targeted travel ban made three kinds of arguments in their submissions to the appeals court, saying that the ban is unlawful, that it represents bad national-security policy, and that it is a threat to the nation’s economy.
A brief from Washington and Minnesota, filed early Monday morning, said that “President Trump unleashed chaos by signing the executive order.”
Fifteen states and the District of Columbia — including New York, California, Massachusetts and Virginia — filed a supporting brief to argue that allowing the ban to stand would “cause harm to the states, including to state institutions such as public universities, to the businesses that sustain our economies, and to our residents.”
In a brief filed Saturday, the Trump administration argued that Judge Robart’s order would cause irreparable harm to national security.
In response, lawyers for Washington and Minnesota said that was not plausible, because it would mean the nation had long been suffering “some unspecified, ongoing irreparable harm.”
“That makes no sense,” the brief said. “As this court has held, preserving the status quo against sudden disruption is often in the interest of all parties.”
On Monday, the Trump administration responded that the states were asking the courts “to take the extraordinary step of second-guessing a formal national-security judgment made by the president himself pursuant to broad grants of statutory authority.”
In its earlier brief, the Trump administration urged the Ninth Circuit to reject arguments based on religious discrimination, even though Mr. Trump has said he meant to favor Christian refugees. Judicial consideration of the president’s motives, the administration’s brief said, would violate the separation of powers.
The states responded that “courts have both the right and the duty to examine defendants’ true motives.”
They added that the administration had taken “a dizzying number of positions” on whether the executive order applied to permanent residents holding green cards. The order itself appears to cover such people, but the administration has said it will not enforce that part of the order.
Questions about permanent residents are not moot, the states’ brief said, as the administration could again change positions.
Several former diplomatic and national security officials filed a declaration making a second kind of argument. “We view the order as one that ultimately undermines the national security of the United States, rather than making us safer,” it said. “In our professional opinion, this order cannot be justified on national security or foreign policy grounds.”
The officials filing the declaration included John Kerry, a secretary of state under Mr. Obama; Madeleine K. Albright, who held the same position under President Bill Clinton; Susan E. Rice, Mr. Obama’s national security adviser; and Leon E. Panetta, secretary of defense and director of the C.I.A. under Mr. Obama.
Mr. Trump’s order, the officials said, would endanger American troops and intelligence sources, disrupt counterterrorism and law enforcement efforts, damage the economy and have “a devastating humanitarian impact.”
“And apart from all of these concerns,” the former officials said, “the order offends our nation’s laws and values.”
The third front in the legal battle against Mr. Trump’s order was opened by the technology industry and other businesses.
Almost 100 companies, including Apple, Facebook and Google, urged the Ninth Circuit to continue to block the order, saying it “harms the competitiveness of U.S. companies.”
The “instability and uncertainty” created by the order, the brief said, “will make it far more difficult and expensive for U.S. companies to hire some of the world’s best talent — and impede them from competing in the global marketplace.”



ARTICLE
■ The White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, took aim on Monday afternoon at a New York Times story that described President Trump watching television in his bathrobe.
■ Opposition to Mr. Trump’s travel restrictions on certain countries mounted, but the president remained defiant and unbowed.
■ Mr. Trump turned to Twitter early Monday and began challenging polls that showed his travel order was not popular.
■ A bipartisan group of former National Security Council officials filed court documents opposing the ban.
■ The Justice Department corrected the record on how many people had their visas canceled because of the ban.
Mr. Spicer denounced The Times’s account, published Sunday night, of the president’s turbulent adjustment to life in the White House. In particular, he zeroed in on one detail among a few paragraphs of the story that he insisted were wrong: that the president has worn a bathrobe while alone in the White House residence.
“That is literally the epitome of fake news,” Mr. Spicer told reporters traveling with Mr. Trump. “Start at the top. I don’t think the president owns a bathrobe. He definitely doesn’t wear one.”
The White House staff stocks the official residence with bathrobes.
Within moments of Mr. Spicer’s comment, reporters on Twitter posted photos of a much younger Mr. Trump lounging in a bathrobe.
Mr. Spicer added that the story was “so riddled with inaccuracies and lies that they owe the president an apology.” He went on, “Literally, blatant factual errors, and it’s unacceptable to see that kind of reporting or so-called reporting.”
The overall piece, which described Mr. Trump’s first two weeks in office as he attempts a dramatic shake-up of a Washington culture he has never inhabited, was “not an accurate portrayal of what’s really happening,” Mr. Spicer concluded.
Mr. Trump appeared not to like the news he was reading Monday morning.
In one Twitter post, the president rejected reports of polls showing that a majority of Americans oppose his travel order. In another, he appeared to lash out at suggestions that Stephen K. Bannon, his chief strategist, holds the real power in the West Wing.
A CNN poll released over the weekend said that 55 percent of Americans viewed Mr. Trump’s travel order as an attempt to keep Muslims out of the country.
The president also seemed angry about the Bannon-in-charge story line, which was featured in a Time magazine article and in a “Saturday Night Live” skit showing Mr. Bannon as the Grim Reaper directing Mr. Trump’s activities in the White House.
On Twitter, Mr. Trump called the reports “fake news” that sought to marginalize him.
If you missed Mr. Trump talking to Bill O’Reilly of Fox News during the Super Bowl, you will have another chance tonight.
Mr. Trump continued his screed against news coverage of him on Monday, training his fire at The New York Times in an apparent reaction to a portrait of his early stumbles published in Monday’s editions.
In a Twitter post, Mr. Trump appeared to characterize The Times’s coverage, which was based on interviews with several of his White House’s most senior officials and others aware of the administration’s inner workings, as “fiction” based on fabricated sources.
Mr. Trump has long delighted in denigrating The Times and claiming, falsely, that its coverage of him has led to declining readership. But in a meeting at The Times in November, he called the paper, which is among his first reads each morning, “a great, great American jewel.” Last week, The Times surpassed three million print and digital subscriptions, adding 276,000 net digital-only subscriptions in the last three months of the year, more additions than in 2013 and 2014 combined.
It’s official: Silicon Valley really, really despises Mr. Trump’s immigration order.
Overnight, 97 companies — most of them technology firms, including Apple, Facebook, Google and Microsoft — filed a legal brief arguing that the ban is unconstitutional and harms the interests of American businesses.
The brief, filed with the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, is blunt and direct. The ban, it says, “hinders the ability of American companies to attract great talent; increases costs imposed on business; makes it more difficult for American firms to compete in the international marketplace; and gives global enterprises a new, significant incentive to build operations — and hire new employees — outside the United States.”
It is a remarkable statement of unity from the country’s technology companies, many of which rely heavily on foreign workers. And it is a shot across the bow for Mr. Trump, foreshadowing a rocky relationship with Silicon Valley leaders over the next four years.
The companies were not the only ones joining in opposition. Susan E. Rice, former President Barack Obama’s national security adviser, was among the leaders of a petition signed by a group of former National Security Council officials.
The Justice Department on Monday corrected the record on an attention-grabbing claim that one of its lawyers made in a Northern Virginia courtroom about the impact of President Trump’s executive order on visitors from seven Muslim-majority countries.
The government lawyer provoked gasps in the courtroom when he told Judge Leonie Brinkema, one of the Federal District Court judges weighing legal challenges to Mr. Trump’s order, that more than 100,000 visas had been revoked as a result of the order — far more than had been understood to be the case.
That number, however, came under question later on Friday, when a spokesman for the State Department’s Bureau of Consular Affairs said that the real number was around 60,000 and that the larger figure had inaccurately included diplomatic visas that were not affected by the ban.
On Monday, the department submitted a filing to Judge Brinkema that corrected its statement in the court.
“In response to a question from this court as to how many individuals have been affected by the executive order, government counsel presenting oral argument, based on information he had received, stated that 100,000 visas had been provisionally revoked as a result of the executive order,” it said. “The Department of State has since provided undersigned counsel with a revised number, which is roughly 60,000 visas.”
An outside, pro-Trump political group is adding veteran fund-raisers and Republican Party strategists, and is also employing one of the president’s campaign ad makers to try to ensure Senate confirmation of his remaining cabinet nominees.
The group, 45Committee, has signed Larry Weitzner of Jamestown Associates, which produced most of Mr. Trump’s campaign ads in the general election. Mr. Weitzner’s first spot will air nationally this week, with a gauzy focus on the initial days of the Trump presidency.
It’s part of a $4 million effort, with three other ads focused specifically on the nominations of Betsy DeVos for education secretary, Jeff Sessions for attorney general and Tom Price for secretary of health and human services.
Some of those ads have been broadcast in states with critical races in the 2018 midterms. The other new advisers are Cara Mason, who worked as the finance director for the Trump Victory committee under Reince Priebus; Rob Collins, a former National Republican Senatorial Committee executive director; Mike Shields, a former Republican National Committee chief of staff; and Rob Simms, a former National Republican Congressional Committee executive director.
With Mr. Trump’s administration still evolving, the 45Committee has moved to fill a void, supporting the White House as it finds itself besieged by critics.
Joe Arpaio, the former Arizona sheriff known for his uncompromising stance on illegal immigration, is back in the news months after losing his bid for re-election.
Now he is asking supporters to help him raise $1 million for his legal defense fund. Mr. Arpaio faced numerous lawsuits alleging abuse and faulty medical care in several jails, and taxpayers in Maricopa County, where he was sheriff, spent tens of millions of dollars for his legal defense.
In his email, Mr. Arpaio attributed his re-election defeat to a host of enemies, including “leftist financier George Soros,” the American Civil Liberties Union and the Obama administration’s Justice Department.
Mr. Soros spent an estimated $2 million last year opposing Mr. Arpaio, and the Justice Department under Mr. Obama filed criminal contempt-of-court charges against the sheriff for refusing a judge’s order to stop discriminating against Latinos.
As the sheriff of Arizona’s largest county, Mr. Arpaio gained a national reputation for immigration raids that targeted heavily Hispanic neighborhoods in and around the Phoenix area.
Thousands of people were caught up in the raids, which were often carried out without any proof of criminal activity, and which critics called racial profiling.



ARTICLE
BREEZEWOOD, Pa. — Millions of people who travel between the Mid-Atlantic and the Midwest each year fight through Breezewood, Pa., a strange gap in the Interstate System. A leg of Route I-70 brings drivers north from Washington and Baltimore to plug into the Pennsylvania Turnpike and the great road network that runs west to the heartland cities of Pittsburgh, Cleveland and Chicago.
But no ramps join these two huge highways at their crossing. Instead, drivers travel an extra two-mile loop that takes them out of rural Appalachia and into several suddenly urban blocks with traffic lights and a dense bazaar of gas stations, fast-food restaurants and motels.
“Things that make no sense: Breezewood, Pa. Why does the interstate turn into an interchange?” Stephanie Wonderlick recently posted on Twitter as she and her family returned home to Washington from Milwaukee.
She is not alone. Many other drivers vent similar — often profane — anger and confusion about this notorious choke point. As a Washingtonian from northern Indiana who transits Breezewood for family visits, I have often wondered the same thing — a question that became more galling after my younger son, jolted by our sudden deceleration into the area’s stop-and-go traffic, threw up all over the back seat.
The answer lies at the intersection of politics and transportation policy. At a time when President Trump wants to spend a trillion dollars on infrastructure, the story of Breezewood offers a vivid case study in governance over such projects. It shows how legal quirks, powerful politicians and opaque bureaucratic procedures can influence decisions about how to spend taxpayer dollars.
One result is what critics call the preservation of an inefficiency that benefits a few while imposing widely dispersed costs on many.
I admit I have become a little obsessed with Breezewood, which sent me on a journey into its history.
It began as a truck stop when the builders of the turnpike placed an exit there during the Great Depression. Two decades later, when the I-70 leg was under construction, a since-changed law barred spending federal funds on a project that would send drivers directly, without a choice, from a free road to a toll road.
To get around that law, planners built the loop through Breezewood, giving drivers the theoretical option of avoiding the turnpike.
Decades later, the social and environmental costs of this arrangement have swollen. I asked the American Transportation Research Institute, which studies congestion using data from GPS trackers on freight trucks, to scrutinize Breezewood. The institute estimates that about 1.5 million trucks make the connection through Breezewood each year. The same methodology suggests that about 3.5 million passenger vehicles do, too.
But 80 percent of truck drivers do not pull over to refuel, eat or rest, the GPS data shows. The institute estimated that if ramps were built permitting drivers to avoid Breezewood, the trucking industry would save as much as 142,362 hours in driver time and $9 million in operating costs every year. Add to that the time and money savings for car drivers, to say nothing of eliminating the unnecessary carbon dioxide emissions from the fuel that both types of vehicles burn to travel the extra distance.
But if there were such a connection, millions of potential customers wouldn’t be funneled into Breezewood. Jim Bittner, who manages the Gateway Travel Plaza that offers fast food and gas in Breezewood, and whose family has owned businesses there for three generations, said he knew that Breezewood annoyed the people who don’t stop but that preserving it was important for this economically struggling region.
His family’s businesses alone employ about 200 people, he said, and his family has taken out millions of dollars in loans to upgrade facilities they cannot move elsewhere. He called the prospect of a bypass a “sword of Damocles” hanging over Breezewood.
“Any second, someone could come in and say, ‘Time’s up, the faucet is turned off, no more business is going to be coming off that road,’” Mr. Bittner said in an interview. “And then what do I tell the bank? How do I pay the loan off? How do I keep employing people? Where do they find jobs?”
The most serious attempt to build a bypass came in the late 1980s, when a Democratic state senator from Pittsburgh, Michael  Dawida, got into a rear-end collision at a Breezewood traffic light while returning home with his family from the Outer Banks in North Carolina. Mr. Dawida proposed a bypass, but the idea was blocked by the State Senate president at the time, who represented a district close to Breezewood, and by Bud Shuster, a Republican congressman at the time whose federal district included Breezewood.
Although Mr. Shuster was a leading member of the House Transportation Committee and was known for steering taxpayer funds to local highway projects, he made clear that he would never permit funding for a Breezewood bypass, Mr. Dawida recalled. (Mr. Shuster’s son, Bill Shuster, now represents that same district; his office did not respond to requests for comment.) Still, under pressure from the freight truck industry to do something about the problem, they reached a compromise of adding lanes in Breezewood to improve traffic flow.
“The ideal solution would have been to build a direct connection a quarter-mile down the road,” Mr. Dawida said. “They didn’t do that, but at least they did something.” Nevertheless, he said, when he goes to the beach each year, “I psychologically still can’t stop in Breezewood. I can’t.”
Since then, however, political power has shifted. Congressmen no longer earmark funds for specific projects, leaving states greater leeway to set priorities for highway projects spending. In 2015, when Pennsylvania began planning its current Transportation Improvement Program, it set up a website for public suggestions.
Proposals for a Breezewood bypass — salted with phrases like “ridiculous,” “extreme congestion” and “has been a nightmare for 50 yrs” — rolled in. Yet when the state finished the plan last August, it had no proposal for ramps connecting the turnpike and the Interstate. Instead, it called for resurfacing Breezewood’s roads.
A spokesman for the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation said that building a Breezewood bypass had “never been made a priority and put on the plan.” In interviews, lower-level state transportation officials explained why. The state’s system for deciding which projects to build starts with officials at the township and county levels coming up with lists of ideas, which are funneled upward in several stages of review.
At each stage, officials said, projects are reprioritized or removed, but rarely, if ever, added to the list. People mind their own areas rather than telling others what to do.
So, for a bypass to be considered, essentially Breezewood’s own Bedford County must propose it. Will it choose to damage its own economy?
The question answers itself.
“It’s just not an issue that really appears on the radar for us,” said Donald Schwartz, the Bedford County planning director. “It’s just not anything of a priority that’s been brought up through my office since I’ve been here, these five years.”
And that was that.
As I was finishing my research, I found Ms. Wonderlick’s Twitter post questioning why Breezewood exists, found her phone number and called her with the answer. She said she was glad to learn it. But as she contemplated many more years of slogging through Breezewood on family drives to Milwaukee, she sounded disappointed that no amount of infrastructure spending appears likely to fix it.
“It’s clear that it is designed, and still exists, as a tourist trap,” she said. “It’s clear they want to protect the interest of the town, and I very much understand that. But I do think it would be interesting for them to think about the needs of all the travelers and truckers who go through that area.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Emboldened by weeks of protests across the country, congressional Democrats are digging in as Republicans try to swiftly remake a government shaped by the Obama administration.
Tensions over President Trump’s early efforts to deliver on a long menu of campaign promises have spilled into the halls of Congress, turning once-routine debates into a proxy battle over a combative president.
With the Senate already hinting it could work through the weekend, expect another busy week at the Capitol. Let us get you up to speed.
■ Vice President Mike Pence could well be needed to break a 50-50 tie in the Senate over the nomination of Betsy DeVos as education secretary.
■ Mr. Trump’s nominee for attorney general, Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama, could be confirmed by the end of the week.
■ Republicans in Congress will also vote to roll back Obama-era regulations.
Mr. Pence may be summoned to the Capitol early this week to cast the 51st vote to confirm Ms. DeVos as education secretary over vociferous, now bipartisan objections. The Senate could vote on her nomination as late as Tuesday.
Congressional trivia buffs, take note: It would be the first time that the vice president has been forced to cast a tiebreaking vote on a cabinet nomination, said Betty K. Koed, the Senate historian.
Senators Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska thrust Ms. DeVos’s nomination into question last week when they became the first two Republicans to declare their opposition. Should the Democratic caucus vote as a bloc, their votes would set up a 50-50 tie that Mr. Pence would have to settle in his capacity as president of the Senate.
The Capitol has been flooded with thousands of constituent calls and messages, many of them urging senators to vote against Ms. DeVos. Still, it looks unlikely that any more Republicans will defect, and that would be enough to confirm her.
Once the Senate deals with the DeVos nomination, it will move on to the nomination of Mr. Sessions to be attorney general. First comes a procedural vote that sets the timer for up to 30 hours of debate before the final vote.
That means Mr. Sessions’s confirmation vote should come later this week, at which point the Senate will start the process over with the nomination of Representative Tom Price of Georgia to be secretary of health and human services, followed by a vote on the nomination of Steven T. Mnuchin to be Treasury secretary.
Of course, just because Democrats may not have the votes to block Mr. Trump’s cabinet nominees does not mean they will go quietly.
Having stacked up as many parliamentary roadblocks as they could find last week, Democrats are expected to take advantage of the mandatory debate time, probably to air their concerns about Mr. Trump’s picks as well as grievances against their Republican counterparts, who they believe have stymied a thorough examination of some nominees.
That could be bad news for senators with plans on Saturday: Republican leaders may keep the Senate in session over the weekend to get the job done.
After dusting off  the Congressional Review Act last week, the House will use that momentum to continue rolling back recently finalized Obama-era regulations.
On Tuesday, the House is scheduled to vote to toss out three rules: an Interior Department rule intended to increase transparency and public input on the use of public lands; an Education Department rule that spells out provisions of a recent education law regarding accountability; and another Education Department rule that sets the parameters for gathering and sharing data on teacher training programs.
The Senate began taking up these regulations between nomination votes last week, and it is likely to continue this week, voting after the House to roll back each rule one by one before it is sent to the president.
Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, the federal appeals court judge nominated by Mr. Trump for the Supreme Court, will continue his courtesy meetings with senators.
Judge Gorsuch is expected to meet on Monday with Senator Dianne Feinstein of California, the top Democrat on the Judiciary Committee, after having sat down last week with Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican leader, and Senator Charles E. Grassley, Republican of Iowa, the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee.
Ms. Feinstein has expressed reservations about Judge Gorsuch, as has Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, who said Mr. Trump’s propensity for flouting “the rule of law” demanded “an independent jurist.”
Two weeks after congressional Republicans and Senate Democrats ducked out for their policy retreats, the House Democratic caucus will slip away on Wednesday for its summit meeting in Baltimore.
While Republicans spent part of their retreat debating — and occasionally fretting — about how to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, Democrats seem likely to strategize their response.
Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, the House Democratic leader, has seized every recent opportunity to condemn Republican plans to get rid of the health care law, as Democrats continue to transmit a simple message across the aisle about the nation’s health care system: If you break it, you buy it.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Some of the current members of the Supreme Court had written books before they were nominated. Remember “Civil Procedure in Sweden,” by Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg? Or “Regulation and Its Reform,” by Justice Stephen G. Breyer?
Perhaps not. But a book by Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, President Trump’s pick for the Supreme Court, may make a more lasting impression. It is called “The Future of Assisted Suicide and Euthanasia,” and it opens a window into Judge Gorsuch’s thinking not only on those topics, which are interesting enough, but also on the relationship between them and abortion.
The book, published in 2006, is ambitious, learned, balanced and unusually lucid, at ease in philosophy, law and empirical research. It discusses the Supreme Court’s abortion jurisprudence in detail, but Judge Gorsuch’s goal was not to critique those cases. He asked, rather, whether a constitutional right to abortion necessarily implies a right to assisted suicide and euthanasia.
Sure, there are general statements about the value of human life, drawn from what Judge Gorsuch called “secular moral theory.”
“Human life is fundamentally and inherently valuable,” he wrote, adding that “the intentional taking of human life by private persons is always wrong.” This led him to support existing laws barring assisted suicide and euthanasia.
But that broad statement does not answer the question of whether a fetus is a human life in the sense that Judge Gorsuch meant, or where he stands on Roe v. Wade, the 1973 decision establishing a constitutional right to abortion.
Asked about the book at his 2006 confirmation hearing, after President George W. Bush nominated him to the federal appeals court in Denver, Judge Gorsuch first said that his personal views did not affect his judicial work.
“My writings, just to clarify, have been largely in defense of existing law, that is, they are consistent with the Supreme Court’s decisions in this area and existing law in most places,” he added. “So, I do not think there is actually much tension between my writings and anything that might come before the court.”
That is about right. In the book, Judge Gorsuch argued that bans on assisted suicide and euthanasia should be retained, based partly on his understanding of the limits of the constitutional logic of the Supreme Court’s abortion decisions.
His account of Roe v. Wade, for instance, is straightforward. “Under Roe’s express holding,” Judge Gorsuch wrote, “a fetus does not qualify as a person.”
In a footnote, he described a contrary view from a 1986 dissent. Notably, it came from a mentor, Justice Byron R. White, for whom Judge Gorsuch worked as a law clerk in 1993 and 1994. “The right to terminate a pregnancy differs from the right to use contraceptives because the former involves the death of a person while the latter does not,” Judge Gorsuch wrote, describing his old boss’s views.
The important point for Judge Gorsuch was that the debate over assisted suicide was different from the one over abortion, as there was no doubt that there was a person involved when suicide was at issue. The task there, he said, was balancing “the interests of those persons who wish to control the timing of their deaths and those vulnerable individuals whose lives may be taken without their consent due to mistake, abuse or pressure in a regime where assisted suicide is legal.”
Judge Gorsuch also worked for Justice Anthony M. Kennedy during his clerkship for Justice White, who had by then retired. As it happened, Judge Gorsuch arrived at the Supreme Court soon after another major abortion decision, Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Casey, issued in 1992.
In a carefully hedged statement that avoided reliance on firsthand knowledge, though he doubtless had some, Judge Gorsuch described the atmosphere at the court in the wake of the Casey decision.
“Rumors persist,” Judge Gorsuch wrote, “of considerable acrimony among court members during deliberations in Casey, arising perhaps in part because Justice Kennedy reportedly switched his vote after the court’s conference on the case, thereby altering the outcome in the case.”
The Casey decision is generally said to have reaffirmed Roe’s core holding. In the book, Judge Gorsuch argued that the decision should be read narrowly, in an apparent attempt to limit its implications for a right to assisted suicide or euthanasia.
He acknowledged that the controlling opinion in Casey — from Justices Kennedy, Sandra Day O’Connor and David H. Souter — contained sweeping language, and he quoted what he called its “mystery of life” passage, which is generally attributed to Justice Kennedy.
“At the heart of liberty is the right to define one’s own concept of existence, of meaning, of the universe, and of the mystery of human life,” the joint opinion said.
But the opinion also relied on a second and narrower ground, saying that respect for precedent — stare decisis, in legal Latin — required the court to follow Roe. Judge Gorsuch argued that the flowery stuff was an aside. “Usually, though not always, only the narrowest rationale is said to control future courts,” he wrote.
“Casey may come to be dominantly read as a stare decisis decision — a ruling, in essence, that we must respect the abortion right out of traditional deference to settled law — rather than creating any new, open-ended right to ‘define one’s concept of existence,’” Judge Gorsuch wrote.
At bottom, then, Judge Gorsuch saw no necessary constitutional connection between a right to abortion and one to assisted suicide or euthanasia. But Justice Antonin Scalia, who died last year and whom Judge Gorsuch hopes to replace, said the questions were related, if only because the Constitution was silent about all of them.
“We have now determined,” Justice Scalia said in a 2004 speech, “that liberties exist under the federal Constitution — the right to abortion, the right to homosexual sodomy — which were so little rooted in the traditions of the American people that they were criminal for 200 years.”
He added that his colleagues might be prepared to discover a right to assisted suicide in the Constitution. “We’re not ready to announce that right,” he said, sarcastically. “Check back with us.”



ARTICLE
A group of prominent Democrats who served in recent administrations, including John Kerry and Madeleine K. Albright, have called on the courts to extend a ruling blocking crucial parts of President Trump’s travel ban, saying the White House executive order would “endanger U.S. troops” and disrupt antiterrorism efforts.
The former officials expressed their concerns on Monday to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, based in San Francisco, which is considering the matter after a judge in Seattle effectively ruled that travelers from seven predominantly Muslim nations as well as vetted refugees from all nations could, for now, continue to enter the United States.
With Mr. Trump’s executive order, “we risk placing our military efforts at risk by sending an insulting message” to Iraqis working with American forces battling the Islamic State there, the legal filing to the court said. “The order will likely feed the recruitment narrative of ISIL and other extremists that portray the United States as at war with Islam,” it said, using another name for the Islamic State, also known as ISIS.
In addition to Mr. Kerry, a secretary of state under President Barack Obama, and Ms. Albright, who held the same position under President Bill Clinton, officials behind the filing included Susan E. Rice, Mr. Obama’s national security adviser, and Leon E. Panetta, who served as secretary of defense and head of the C.I.A.
The filing comes a week after Mr. Obama took issue with Mr. Trump’s order, saying in a statement that he “fundamentally disagrees with the notion of discriminating against individuals because of their faith or religion.”
The former officials hope that adding their voice to the debate from a national security perspective undercuts a critical argument of the Trump administration: that the travel ban is meant to deter terrorist attacks by keeping the country safe from “very bad and dangerous people,” as Mr. Trump has put it.
Noting that the 10 signatories to the filing “have all held the highest security clearances,” the letter asserts that Mr. Trump’s order “ultimately undermines the national security of the United States, rather than making us safer.”
The travel ban was dealt a stinging setback on Friday, when a federal judge in Seattle issued the broadest ruling to date blocking major parts of the executive order. The Trump administration appealed Saturday, leaving the issue in the hands of the court in San Francisco.
After the appeals panel rules, the Supreme Court is likely to take up the issue.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump’s executive order on immigration has prompted a constitutional showdown that could leave a mark on the law for generations and seems likely to end in a landmark Supreme Court decision.
A ruling by the court on Mr. Trump’s travel ban on seven predominantly Muslim countries could help answer some crucial legal questions: How much independent constitutional authority does the president have over immigration, and how much power has Congress given him?
The likely answer to both questions: a lot. But other parts of the Constitution may temper or defeat that power. Among them are the due process and equal protection clauses and the First Amendment’s ban on government establishment of religion.
Here is a look at the leading arguments in the case.
Many trial judges around the country have blocked aspects of Mr. Trump’s executive order. But none have issued an order as broad as the one by Judge James Robart, a federal judge in Seattle, who blocked the key parts of  the executive order, which had suspended travel from the seven countries and limited the nation’s refugee program.
The case is now before the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, in San Francisco. That court on Saturday declined to issue an immediate stay of Judge Robart’s order, but it indicated that it would weigh in soon after additional briefs were filed, with the last one due Monday afternoon. After it rules, an appeal to the Supreme Court seems likely.
Judge Robart’s brisk ruling contained almost no reasoning. By contrast, Judge Nathaniel M. Gorton, of the Federal District Court in Boston, issued a 21-page decision on Friday refusing to block the program and discussing the legal arguments in detail.
Judge Gorton also sketched out the broader picture.
“The rich immigrant history of the United States has long been a source of strength and pride in this country,” Judge Gorton wrote. “Conversely, the public interest in safety and security in this ever-more dangerous world is strong as well.” The balance, he wrote, tipped in favor of Mr. Trump.
Article II of the Constitution confers authority on the president, the Supreme Court has said, to conduct foreign affairs and address immigration.
In their brief to Judge Robart, lawyers for Washington State, one of the two plaintiffs, along with the State of Minnesota, said there were constitutional checks on these powers. “While courts generally give more latitude to the political branches in the immigration context, this does not mean that the political branches can act with impunity,” the brief said.
“Federal courts,” the brief said, “have no more sacred role than protecting marginalized groups against irrational, discriminatory conduct.”
In the Ninth Circuit, the Trump administration said judges were ill-equipped to decide cases involving national security. “Unlike the president,” the administration’s brief said, “courts do not have access to classified information about the threat posed by terrorist organizations operating in particular nations, the efforts of those organizations to infiltrate the United States, or gaps in the vetting process.”
Noah G. Purcell, the solicitor general of Washington State, appeared to concede in court that there were areas in which Mr. Trump was entitled to act. But he asked the court to protect people whose lives had been changed by Mr. Trump’s order in a flash.
“The focus of our claim,” he said, “is on people who have been here and have, overnight, lost the right to travel, lost the right to visit their families, lost the right to go perform research, lost the right to go speak at conferences around the world. And also people who had lived here for a long time and happened to be overseas at the time of this order, which came with no warning whatsoever, and suddenly lost the right to return to the United States.”
On Friday, defending Mr. Trump’s executive order in a Seattle courtroom, Michelle Bennett, a Justice Department lawyer, cited Youngstown Sheet & Tube Co. v. Sawyer, a 1952 decision in which the Supreme Court rejected President Harry S. Truman’s assertion that he had the authority to seize steel mills during the Korean War.
The most famous part of the decision is a concurrence from Justice Robert H. Jackson, which set out a framework for considering clashes between presidential power and congressional authority. The president has the most power when he acts with congressional authorization, Justice Jackson said, and an intermediate amount when Congress is silent. The president’s power is at its “lowest ebb,” Justice Jackson wrote, when Congress has forbidden a particular action.
Truman’s actions fell into the third category, Justice Jackson wrote. Ms. Bennett, by contrast, said Mr. Trump’s order was in the first category.
“Here we have the president acting pursuant to power that Congress gave him, which means, under the Youngstown steel seizure case, he’s acting at the apex of his power,” she said.
A key part of immigration law does give the president broad power. It says, “Whenever the president finds that the entry of any aliens or of any class of aliens into the United States would be detrimental to the interests of the United States, he may by proclamation, and for such period as he shall deem necessary, suspend the entry of all aliens or any class of aliens as immigrants or nonimmigrants, or impose on the entry of aliens any restrictions he may deem to be appropriate.”
But another part of the law forbids discrimination “because of the person’s race, sex, nationality, place of birth or place of residence,” but only “in the issuance of an immigrant visa.” The Trump administration argues that the power to bar entry, the subject of the first law, is broader than the limits on issuing visas.
Lawyers for Washington State have said that the executive order violates the First Amendment’s prohibition against government establishment of religion because its provisions on the refugee program favor minority religions. “President Trump and his advisers have made clear that the very purpose of this order is to tilt the scales in favor of Christian refugees at the expense of Muslims,” they wrote in their brief to Judge Robart.
The Trump administration urged the Ninth Circuit to reject arguments based on religious discrimination, even though Mr. Trump has said he meant to favor Christian refugees. Judicial consideration of the president’s motives, the brief said, would violate the separation of powers.
“The more searching inquiry envisioned by the states would create substantial separation-of-powers problems, by permitting probing of the president’s subjective motive in issuing the order,” the brief said.
The states challenging the order face the initial hurdle of demonstrating that they have suffered the sort of direct and concrete harm that gives them standing to sue. Judge Robart ruled that they did, relying on a decision from the federal appeals court in New Orleans, which said Texas could sue to challenge President Barack Obama’s plan to defer the deportation of millions of unauthorized immigrants and allow them to work.
“The executive order adversely affects the states’ residents in areas of employment, education, business, family relations and freedom to travel,” Judge Robart wrote. He said the states had been hurt because the order affected their public universities and their tax bases.
In its Ninth Circuit brief, the Trump administration called the states’ asserted injuries “attenuated and speculative” and did not address the Texas decision. In court in Seattle on Friday, Ms. Bennett said the government disagreed with the Texas ruling.



ARTICLE
PALM BEACH, Fla. — The news broke just as the fireworks began crackling over the grand estate’s manicured lawn, a festive backdrop for the guests sipping champagne around an ornamental pool: The White House had moved to appeal a court ruling that blocked President Trump’s sweeping immigration order.
At airports around the world, the legal tug of war played out in starkly human terms, with travelers from seven predominantly Muslim countries having to decide whether to board flights to the United States, unsure of whether they would be turned back once they landed.
Yet here, in the cosseted confines of Mar-a-Lago, those concerns seemed a million miles away. The guests had gathered for the 60th annual Red Cross ball, a staple of the Palm Beach social calendar, which this year carried the theme “From Vienna to Versailles.”
In keeping with the Hapsburg and Bourbon motif, the male staff members wore powdered wigs and breeches; the women were costumed in flouncy gowns and ash-blonde beehive wigs in the style of Marie Antoinette, the queen guillotined in the French Revolution.
The disconnect between high society and huddled masses would have been complete if not for the fact that Mar-a-Lago’s proprietor — the guest of honor that evening, though he had to stand in line with his wife to get into his own ballroom — was the very person who had signed the immigration order and had gone to court to preserve it: Mr. Trump.
“We’ll win,” the president said to a reporter on red-carpet duty, who asked him whether he was confident of the government’s legal appeal. “For the safety of the country, we’ll win.”
When another reporter asked whether he would abide by the federal court’s ruling, Mr. Trump smiled thinly but did not answer, shifting from foot to foot, as the first lady, Melania Trump, resplendent in a pink evening gown and diamond and emerald earrings, stared serenely ahead.
This is Mar-a-Lago in the first month of the Trump presidency, still making the transition from a members-only club for the tanned and surgically enhanced snowbirds of Florida’s Gold Coast to the “winter White House” that the cereal heiress Marjorie Merriweather Post always dreamed it would be after she built the 126-room castle in the 1920s.
Like his residence, Mr. Trump is also still in transition, caught between the demands of being president (a 5 p.m. phone call with President Petro O. Poroshenko of Ukraine) and the reassuring rituals of his old life (a round of golf at his club in nearby West Palm Beach).
On his first weekend here since being inaugurated, the Red Cross ball fell into the old-shoe category.
He had hosted the benefit several times over the past 20 years, said Dick Robinson, a friend and Palm Beach philanthropist, who stopped by to chat with the White House press corps, which now shows up alongside reporters from the local papers to chronicle events like this.
The sight of Mr. Trump lining up with his guests was remarkable, given that presidents normally enter a room only after everyone else is seated, and then often to the strains of “Hail to the Chief.”
With his tuxedo jacket unbuttoned, clutching his wife’s hand, he looked more like the glad-hander who spent years greeting the guests at his club.
And yet there were myriad other signs of how Mr. Trump’s life has changed, from the security checkpoint set up in an adjacent parking lot and the police boat that bobs in the Intracoastal Waterway to the Secret Service agents who peered into the crowd as he and Mrs. Trump shimmied to a band playing Bob Seger’s “Old Time Rock ’n’ Roll.”
Mr. Trump’s weekend also had that working-from-home vibe that most presidential getaways have.
In addition to the call with Mr. Poroshenko, he spoke to Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni of Italy, Prime Minister Bill English of New Zealand and the secretary general of NATO, Jens Stoltenberg — a conversation that could not have been relaxing, given Mr. Trump’s earlier assertions that the alliance is a Cold War relic.
In its two-sentence summary of the Ukraine call, the White House described the exchange with Mr. Poroshenko as “very good” and quoted Mr. Trump as saying, “We will work with Ukraine, Russia and other parties to help them restore peace along the border” — a statement that did not take account of the fact that Russia unlawfully annexed Crimea.
Mr. Trump brought along his chief of staff, Reince Priebus, and his chief strategist, Stephen K. Bannon, which suggested that he was briefed regularly on the legal battle over his immigration order. Mr. Priebus and Mr. Bannon both stayed at Mar-a-Lago, which has guest rooms.
Even when Mr. Trump was off the clock, he appeared preoccupied by the world outside.
On Saturday morning, he began a Twitter tirade against the Seattle judge who had blocked the immigration order.
Though he went quiet during the four and a half hours he was at the Trump International Golf Club — the White House declined to confirm that he actually played golf or say who his partners were — the Twitter posts resumed when he got back to the house.
Even as his guests were mingling during cocktails, Mr. Trump wrote on Twitter, “The judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interest at heart. Bad people are very happy!”
When Mr. Trump bought Mar-a-Lago at a fire-sale price in 1985, he was viewed by many in this uppity enclave as a parvenu who would cheapen the legacy of the estate.
Those days are gone — especially now that he has the power to make his friends ambassadors to European capitals.
But Mr. Trump still draws his share of catcalls — some subtle, others not.
Across the street from his golf club, the Palm Beach County Library had a sign in the front door advertising an evening with Amy Sherman, a reporter from The Miami Herald and PolitiFact Florida, to discuss how to expose disingenuous political figures. “Pants on Fire: How to Fact-Check Politicians,” it said.
On Saturday, about 3,000 demonstrators marched along Flagler Drive, carrying signs and chanting, “Hey-hey, ho-ho, Donald Trump has got to go.”
About 300 managed to walk across the bridge to Palm Beach, according to The Palm Beach Post, where they got within 25 yards of Mar-a-Lago before encountering an armored security vehicle.
At 8 p.m., when the fireworks exploded above the estate, they cast a glow on the crowd, witnesses said, giving them a better view of the show than the one enjoyed by the guests inside Mr. Trump’s winter White House.



ARTICLE
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. — President Trump said in an interview that aired on Sunday that a replacement health care law was not likely to be ready until either the end of this year or in 2018, a major shift from promises by both him and Republican leaders to repeal and replace the law as soon as possible.
“Maybe it’ll take till sometime into next year, but we’re certainly going to be in the process,” Mr. Trump said during an interview with Bill O’Reilly of Fox News, after Mr. O’Reilly asked the president whether Americans could “expect a new health care plan rolled out by the Trump administration this year.”
“It statutorily takes awhile to get,” Mr. Trump said. “We’re going to be putting it in fairly soon, I think that, yes, I would like to say by the end of the year at least the rudiments but we should have something within the year and the following year.”
Mr. Trump acknowledged that replacing former President Barack Obama’s Affordable Care Act is complicated, though he reiterated his confidence that his administration could devise a plan that would work better than the law — despite having provided few details of how such a plan would work.
“You have to remember Obamacare doesn’t work, so we are putting in a wonderful plan,” Mr. Trump said.
Speaker Paul D. Ryan has vowed to move legislation for a replacement for the Affordable Care Act by the end of March. But some Republicans are worried about a political backlash if they repeal the law without an adequate replacement — potentially throwing millions of people off their insurance — and have urged a more methodical approach.
Senator Lamar Alexander of Tennessee, a Republican who is the chairman of the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions, recently proposed repairing parts of the health care law ahead of scrapping the whole package.
Mr. Trump said last month that he wanted to present a replacement soon after the Senate confirmed his nominee for secretary of health and human services, Representative Tom Price, Republican of Georgia. The Senate is scheduled to vote on Mr. Price’s confirmation this week.
“We’re going to be submitting, as soon as our secretary is approved, almost simultaneously, shortly thereafter, a plan,” Mr. Trump said in January.
Last month, the president signed an executive order to begin unwinding the Affordable Care Act. It gave the Department of Health and Human Services the authority to ease what it called “unwarranted economic and regulatory burdens” from the existing law.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump loves to set the day’s narrative at dawn, but the deeper story of his White House is best told at night.
Aides confer in the dark because they cannot figure out how to operate the light switches in the cabinet room. Visitors conclude their meetings and then wander around, testing doorknobs until finding one that leads to an exit. In a darkened, mostly empty West Wing, Mr. Trump’s provocative chief strategist, Stephen K. Bannon, finishes another 16-hour day planning new lines of attack.
Usually around 6:30 p.m., or sometimes later, Mr. Trump retires upstairs to the residence to recharge, vent and intermittently use Twitter. With his wife, Melania, and young son, Barron, staying in New York, he is almost always by himself, sometimes in the protective presence of his imposing longtime aide and former security chief, Keith Schiller. When Mr. Trump is not watching television in his bathrobe or on his phone reaching out to old campaign hands and advisers, he will sometimes set off to explore the unfamiliar surroundings of his new home.
During his first two dizzying weeks in office, Mr. Trump, an outsider president working with a surprisingly small crew of no more than a half-dozen empowered aides with virtually no familiarity with the workings of the White House or federal government, sent shock waves at home and overseas with a succession of executive orders designed to fulfill campaign promises and taunt foreign leaders.
“We are moving big and we are moving fast,” Mr. Bannon said, when asked about the upheaval of the first two weeks. “We didn’t come here to do small things.”
But one thing has become apparent to both his allies and his opponents: When it comes to governing, speed does not always guarantee success.
The bungled rollout of his executive order barring immigrants from seven predominantly Muslim countries, a flurry of other miscues and embarrassments, and an approval rating lower than that of any comparable first-term president in the history of polling have Mr. Trump and his top staff rethinking an improvisational approach to governing that mirrors his chaotic presidential campaign, administration officials and Trump insiders said.
This account of the early days of the Trump White House is based on interviews with dozens of government officials, congressional aides, former staff members and other observers of the new administration, many of whom requested anonymity. At the center of the story, according to these sources, is a president determined to go big but increasingly frustrated by the efforts of his small team to contain the backlash.
“What are we going to do about this?” Mr. Trump pointedly asked an aide last week, a period of turmoil briefly interrupted by the successful rollout of his Supreme Court selection, Judge Neil M. Gorsuch.
Chris Ruddy, the chief executive of Newsmax Media and an old friend of the president’s, said: “I think, in his mind, the success of this is going to be the poll numbers. If they continue to be weak or go lower, then somebody’s going to have to bear some responsibility for that.”
“I personally think that they’re missing the big picture here,” Mr. Ruddy said of Mr. Trump’s staff. “Now he’s so caught up, the administration is so caught up in turmoil, perceived chaos, that the Democrats smell blood, the protesters, the media smell blood.”
One former staff member likened the aggressive approach of the first two weeks to D-Day, but said the president’s team had stormed the beaches without any plan for a longer war.
Clashes among staff are common in the opening days of every administration, but they have seldom been so public and so pronounced this early. “This is a president who came to Washington vowing to shake up the establishment, and this is what it looks like. It’s going to be a little sloppy, there are going to be conflicts,” said Ari Fleischer, President George W. Bush’s first press secretary.
All this is happening as Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city.
Cloistered in the White House, he now has little access to his fans and supporters — an important source of feedback and validation — and feels increasingly pinched by the pressures of the job and the constant presence of protests, one of the reasons he was forced to scrap a planned trip to Milwaukee last week. For a sense of what is happening outside, he watches cable, both at night and during the day — too much in the eyes of some aides — often offering a bitter play-by-play of critics like CNN’s Don Lemon.
Until the past few days, Mr. Trump was telling his friends and advisers that he believed the opening stages of his presidency were going well. “Did you hear that, this guy thinks it’s been terrible!” Mr. Trump said mockingly to other aides when one dissenting view was voiced last week during a West Wing meeting.
But his opinion has begun to change with a relentless parade of bad headlines.
Mr. Trump got away from the White House this weekend for the first time since his inauguration, spending it in Palm Beach, Fla., at his private club, Mar-a-Lago, posting Twitter messages angrily — and in personal terms — about the federal judge who put a nationwide halt on the travel ban. Mr. Bannon and Reince Priebus, the two clashing power centers, traveled with him.
By then, the president, for whom chains of command and policy minutiae rarely meant much, was demanding that Mr. Priebus begin to put in effect a much more conventional White House protocol that had been taken for granted in previous administrations: From now on, Mr. Trump would be looped in on the drafting of executive orders much earlier in the process.
Another change will be a new set of checks on the previously unfettered power enjoyed by Mr. Bannon and the White House policy director, Stephen Miller, who oversees the implementation of the orders and who received the brunt of the internal and public criticism for the rollout of the travel ban.
Mr. Priebus has told Mr. Trump and Mr. Bannon that the administration needs to rethink its policy and communications operation in the wake of embarrassing revelations that key details of the orders were withheld from agencies, White House staff and Republican congressional leaders like Speaker Paul D. Ryan.
Mr. Priebus has also created a 10-point checklist for the release of any new initiatives that includes signoff from the communications department and the White House staff secretary, Robert Porter, according to several aides familiar with the process.
Mr. Priebus bristles at the perception that he occupies a diminished perch in the West Wing pecking order compared with previous chiefs. But for the moment, Mr. Bannon remains the president’s dominant adviser, despite Mr. Trump’s anger that he was not fully briefed on details of the executive order he signed giving his chief strategist a seat on the National Security Council, a greater source of frustration to the president than the fallout from the travel ban.
It is partly because he is seen as having a clear vision on policy. But it is also because others who had been expected to fill major roles have been less confident in asserting their power.
Jared Kushner, Mr. Trump’s son-in-law, occupies a central role in the administration and has been present at most major decisions and photo ops, but he is a father of young children who has taken to life in Washington, and, along with his wife, Ivanka Trump, has already been spotted at events around town.
Mr. Bannon has rushed into the vacuum, telling allies that he and Mr. Miller have a brief window in which to push through their vision of Mr. Trump’s economic nationalism.
Mr. Bannon, whose website, Breitbart, was a magnet for white nationalists and xenophobic speech, has also tried to reassure official Washington. He has been careful to build bridges with the Republican establishment, especially Mr. Ryan — whom he once described as “the enemy” and vowed to force out. He now talks regularly with Mr. Ryan to coordinate strategy or plot their planned overhaul of the tax code.
Before he was ousted in November as transition chief, Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey, the Trump adviser with the most government experience, helped prepare a detailed staffing and implementation plan in line with the kickoff strategies of previous Republican presidents.
It was discarded — a senior Trump aide made a show of tossing it into a garbage can — for a strategy that prioritized the daily release of dramatic executive orders to put opponents on the defensive.
Mr. Christie, who agrees in principle with the broad strokes of Mr. Trump’s immigration policy, says the president has been let down by his staff.
“The president deserves better than the rollout he got on the immigration executive order,” Mr. Christie said. “The fact is that he’s put forward a policy that, in my opinion, is significantly more effective than what he had proposed during the campaign, yet because of the botched implementation, they allowed his opponents to attack him by calling it a Muslim ban.”
In the past few days, Mr. Trump’s team has stressed its cohesion and the challenges of jump-starting an administration that few outside its group ever thought would exist.
“This team spent months in the foxhole together during the campaign,” said Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary. “We moved into the White House as a unified team committed to enacting the president’s agenda.”
As part of Mr. Trump’s Oval Office renovation, he ordered that four hardback chairs be placed in a semicircle around his Resolute Desk now heaped, in Trump Tower fashion, with memos and newspapers. They are an emblem of Mr. Trump’s in-your-face management style, but also a reminder that in the White House, the seats always outlast the people seated in them.
But finding enough skilled players to fill key slots has not been easy: Mr. Spicer is serving double duty as communications director, a key planning position, in addition to engaging in day-to-day combat with the news media. Mr. Trump, several aides said, is used to quarterbacking his own media strategy, and did not see the value of hiring an outsider.
An early plan was to give the communications job to Kellyanne Conway, his former campaign manager and top TV surrogate, but the demands of the job would have conflicted with Ms. Conway’s other duties as a free-range adviser to Mr. Trump with Oval Office walk-in privileges, according to one aide.
Mr. Trump remains intensely focused on his brand, but the demands of the job mean he spends less time monitoring the news media — although he recently upgraded the flat-screen TV in his private dining room so he can watch the news while eating lunch.
He often has to wait until the end of the workday before grinding through news clips with Mr. Spicer, marking the ones he does not like with a big arrow in black Sharpie — though he almost always makes time to monitor Mr. Spicer’s performance at the daily briefings, summoning him to offer praise or criticism, a West Wing aide said.
Visitors to the Oval Office say Mr. Trump is obsessed with the décor — it is both a totem of a victory that validates him as a serious person and an image-burnishing backdrop — so he has told his staff to schedule as many televised events in the room as possible.
To pass the time between meetings, Mr. Trump gives quick tours to visitors, highlighting little tweaks he has made after initially expecting he would have to pay for them himself.
Flanking his desk are portraits of Presidents Thomas Jefferson and Andrew Jackson. He will linger on the opulence of the newly hung golden drapes, which he told a recent visitor were once used by Franklin D. Roosevelt but in fact were patterned for Bill Clinton. For a man who sometimes has trouble concentrating on policy memos, Mr. Trump was delighted to page through a book that offered him 17 window covering options.
Ultimately, this is very much the White House that Mr. Trump wanted to build. But while the world reckons with the effect he is having on the presidency, he is adjusting to the effect of the presidency on him. He is now a public employee. And the only boss Mr. Trump ever had in his life was his father, a hard-driving developer the president still treats with deep reverence.
With most of his belongings in New York, the only family picture on the shelf behind Mr. Trump’s desk is a small black-and-white photograph of that boss, Frederick Christ Trump.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump relishes referring to his new defense secretary, Jim Mattis, as “Mad Dog.” Mr. Mattis has never liked the nickname, which he argues is a news media invention. But to the commander in chief, it signifies a man who knows how to take the fight to the enemy and win.
During his recent alliance-mending mission in Asia, however, Mr. Mattis was more loyal friend than attack dog, hailed as a welcome voice of sober restraint.
“He appeared calm and considerate to allies despite his nickname,” said Kookmin Ilbo, a South Korean daily newspaper. “Thoughtful and diligent” was the verdict of the Mainichi Shimbun, a major Japanese newspaper. Even the daily Tokyo Sports weighed in, describing Mr. Mattis as the “only sensible person in the Trump administration.”
The mission, the first overseas trip by a top member of the Trump administration’s national security team, was intended to shore up relations with two essential allies, South Korea and Japan. It required a tricky balance: standing firm against North Korea’s saber rattling and China’s territorial ambitions in the South China Sea — stances that come naturally to a defense secretary — while also reassuring allies made nervous by Mr. Trump’s campaign talk about pulling back from American security commitments in Asia.
The task was all the more challenging given the administration’s mixed signals on foreign policy and Mr. Mattis’s testimony to Congress that he was reluctant to repeat the Obama administration’s language about “rebalancing” or pivoting to Asia, because it implied that the United States was turning away from its defense obligations elsewhere.
South Korea, which remains technically at war with the nuclear-armed North Korea, cherishes its strong alliance with the United States. But in a nation still scarred by the Korean War, many are concerned that a hawkish American administration might escalate tensions with the North. They fear that could disrupt their export-driven economy and even lead to an armed conflict with the North under its unpredictable young leader, Kim Jong-un.
During his two-day visit to Seoul, which was his first stop, Mr. Mattis pushed to deploy an antimissile system known as Thaad, short for Terminal High Altitude Area Defense, which would be used to intercept North Korea’s medium-range missiles. In a stark warning to Pyongyang, he said that any use of nuclear weapons by North Korea would be met with an “overwhelming” response.
But Mr. Mattis also sought to remind South Koreans of the United States’ past sacrifices for their country and its commitment to their defense.
During a meeting with his South Korean counterpart, Defense Minister Han Min-koo, Mr. Mattis recalled how he had come to South Korea for training in the 1970s when he was a young Marine lieutenant based in Okinawa, Japan. He fondly remembered a Sergeant Chung, a South Korean marine who shared some kimchi with him. He also noted that he had commanded the First Marine Division, which had fought in 1950 in the Chosin Reservoir battle of the Korean War.
Such comments clearly resonated with Mr. Han and top Defense Ministry officials, all of whom are retired or serving military officers and who have had close interactions with American troops. Mr. Mattis is a retired four-star general.
“‘Mad Dog’ Mattis in South Korea was unexpectedly soft,” read a headline in OhMyNews, a widely read online newspaper. It observed that Mr. Mattis, despite his nickname, was considered the most prudent among Trump administration officials when it came to military action because he had seen what war was like.
In Japan, Mr. Mattis sought to carry out a similar balancing act. During the campaign, Mr. Trump threatened to walk away from the mutual defense pact unless the Japanese did more to reimburse the United States more for defending their territory.
But speaking at a joint news conference with his Japanese counterpart on Saturday, Mr. Mattis said that the United States stood by the pact, reiterating that the American defense commitment extended to disputed islands in the East China Sea, known in Japan as the Senkaku and in China as the Diaoyu. Mr. Mattis also described Japan as “a model of cost sharing” and praised the administration of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe for increasing spending on the military.
Strikingly, Mr. Mattis expressed caution about using military force. In contrast, Rex W. Tillerson, Mr. Trump’s new secretary of state, suggested during his confirmation hearing that the United States should be prepared to block China’s access to the islands that it has claimed in the South China Sea and built up with airfields, ports and weapons.
“We’re going to have to send China a clear signal that first, the island-building stops, and second, your access to those islands is also not going to be allowed,” Mr. Tillerson told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee last month.
Mr. Mattis has long argued that diplomacy should be backed up by military might, but that force should not be the first recourse. In the case of the South China Sea, he said, it is the diplomats who should be carrying the ball.
“There is no need right now at this time for military maneuvers or something like that,” said Mr. Mattis, who described the dispute as “something that’s best solved by the diplomats.”
With the Trump administration in flux, and the potential for surprises from North Korea and China, it seems likely that there will be fresh challenges. But for now, Mr. Mattis appears to have succeeded in his reassurance mission in Seoul and Tokyo.
“Words matter enormously over there,” said Michael O’Hanlon, a military expert at the Brookings Institution. “Not only did Mattis say all the right things on issues ranging from Thaad to the Senkaku/Diaoyu to the strength of alliances to the need for a firm but steady and nondramatic U.S. approach to the South China Sea, he also went with a listening ear and little bravado. Things are definitely better, at least for the moment.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Scott Pruitt, President Trump’s pick to run the Environmental Protection Agency, is drawing up plans to move forward on the president’s campaign promise to “get rid of” the agency he hopes to head. He has a blueprint to repeal climate change rules, cut staffing levels, close regional offices and permanently weaken the agency’s regulatory authority.
But Mr. Pruitt, a lawyer who made a career suing the E.P.A., is not likely to start with the kind of shock and awe that Mr. Trump has used to disorient Washington. Instead, he will use the legal tools at his disposal to pare back the agency’s reach and power, and trim its budget selectively.
“Here’s my impression about Pruitt: I don’t think he’s going in there to blow up the agency,” said Jeffrey Holmstead, a senior E.P.A. official during the George W. Bush administration who has been mentioned as a possible deputy to Mr. Pruitt, and who has joined forces with him on lawsuits against the agency. “I think he’ll be very careful to make sure they’ve done everything legally to cross all the t’s and dot all the i’s.”
With a zeal that has shocked or thrilled much of the country, Mr. Trump has been making good on campaign promises that once seemed outlandish, and those pledges included a vow to dismantle the agency charged with protecting the nation’s air, water and public health “in almost every form.”
Myron Ebell, an internationally prominent climate-change denier who led Mr. Trump’s E.P.A. transition team, has recommended that the new administration slash the E.P.A.’s staff by two-thirds, to 5,000 from about 15,000. And the president has promised to “eliminate” former President Barack Obama’s major environmental regulations, including a global warming rule that was one of Mr. Obama’s proudest achievements and another major regulation to curb pollution in lakes, streams and rivers.
“Environmental protection, what they do is a disgrace,” Mr. Trump said after the election. “Every week they come out with new regulations.”
But in Mr. Pruitt, who is expected to be confirmed by the Senate this week, the president has tapped a surgeon, not a butcher, to fulfill those pledges. As much as anyone, Mr. Pruitt knows the legal intricacies of environmental regulation — and deregulation. As Oklahoma’s attorney general for the last six years, he has led or taken part in 14 lawsuits against the E.P.A.
His changes may not have the dramatic flair favored by Mr. Trump, but they could weaken the agency’s authority even long after Mr. Trump has left office.
“The point here will be, more than in any prior administration, to reduce the agency’s effectiveness so much that it can’t recover even when the political winds change,” said David Doniger, an E.P.A. lawyer in the Clinton administration who now works for the Natural Resources Defense Council, an advocacy group.
The problem with many of Mr. Trump’s promises for the environmental agency is that they cannot be met quickly without violating the law.
Mr. Trump is expected to sign an executive action announcing the repeal of Mr. Obama’s ambitious but contentious regulations on planet-warming carbon dioxide pollution soon after Mr. Pruitt is confirmed. But legally, it will be impossible for Mr. Trump, or Mr. Pruitt, to do that with the stroke of a pen. A completed regulation must go through the same arduous process to be reversed.
Even if he could kill the Obama-era Clean Power Plan outright, he would not eliminate a legal requirement for the E.P.A. to continue regulating greenhouse gas emissions. A repeal would simply force the Trump administration to write its own climate rule.
Mr. Pruitt’s allies and advisers say that he is aware of the gap between Mr. Trump’s demands and the requirements of the law, and that he is carefully plotting out a course to go after the E.P.A. with a scalpel rather than a meat cleaver.
Mr. Pruitt has not spoken to the news media since Mr. Trump nominated him in December. However, in his answers to senators during a January confirmation hearing, and in his written answers to over 1,000 follow-up questions, Mr. Pruitt made clear that while he is no fan of federal environmental regulations, he does intend to hew to the laws that require them.
“If confirmed, I will implement the laws that E.P.A. is charged to administer,” he wrote to Senator Thomas Carper of Delaware, the senior Democrat on the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee.
Among those laws, Mr. Pruitt said in his answers, is the Clean Air Act provision requiring that the E.P.A. regulate the carbon dioxide pollution that warms the planet.
“I believe the administrator has an important role when it comes to the regulation of carbon dioxide,” he wrote.
That indicates that if Mr. Trump repeals the Obama climate change rule, Mr. Pruitt is prepared to write a new Trump climate rule — but one that is far less environmentally aggressive and far friendlier to industry.
In 2014, as he prepared to sue the Obama administration over the climate change rules, Mr. Pruitt wrote a draft of what such a rule might look like, noting, “An anti-carbon agenda should not be forced upon the public through executive or administrative fiat.”
The  Obama climate plan is aimed at transforming the nation’s electric power system, driving it away from fossil fuels to renewable sources of energy. It would most likely close most of the nation’s approximately 600 coal-fired power plants and replace them with wind and solar facilities, aiming to cut 2005 levels of greenhouse gas pollution nearly a third by 2030.
Mr. Pruitt’s draft climate rule is designed to leave most coal-fired power plants open, but require them to install energy-efficient technology to slightly lower their emissions.
“A rule like that might satisfy the letter of the law,” said Richard J. Lazarus, a professor of environmental law at Harvard, “and would probably cut emissions less than a quarter of the Obama rule.”
If the Pruitt-authored climate change rule withstood legal challenges, it could stand for decades, allowing the fossil fuel industry to thrive and planet-warming emissions to increase.
That approach would most likely be carried out throughout the E.P.A. under Mr. Pruitt’s guidance. For example, Mr. Trump wants to repeal the Obama water regulation, known as the Waters of the United States rule, which would make it a federal crime to pollute in most rivers, streams and wetlands across the country. Simply repealing that rule would create a thicket of new legal challenges, but Mr. Pruitt could replace it with water regulations that were more limited in scope.
Mr. Trump’s campaign calls to “get rid of” the E.P.A. in almost every form will probably run up against its own legal challenges, as will Mr. Ebell’s call to slash the E.P.A.’s staff. Experts say Mr. Pruitt is unlikely to follow through with such draconian cuts, since the E.P.A. is required to execute and enforce many laws, rules and programs, which requires staff members.
“You have to have enough people there to carry out the obligations that are required by law,” Mr. Holmstead said. “If you get an order from a judge and you violate it, then someone’s going to jail.”
Mr. Holmstead noted that if Mr. Pruitt successfully wrote his own new, more industry-friendly regulations, he would need a full staff of lawyers as well.
Congress will also have a say. For years, House Republicans sought to weaken and dismantle Mr. Obama’s environmental rules, by proposing major budget cuts to the E.P.A. Some of those bills, which went nowhere, envisioned cuts to the E.P.A. of nearly 30 percent.
And those past bills offer a road map for the current Congress, said Representative Ken Calvert, the California Republican who is the chairman of the House spending panel that controls the E.P.A.’s budget. Last year, that panel proposed funding the E.P.A. at $8 billion, cutting just $291 million from Mr. Obama’s request. And it froze staffing at the current levels of about 15,000, far from the 5,000 proposed by Mr. Ebell.
Mr. Calvert said he did not anticipate cutting the E.P.A.’s popular state grant programs, which fund projects like converting abandoned brownfields into sports stadiums and other public facilities.
While keeping those programs and the many E.P.A. offices required by law, Mr. Calvert’s budget would trim the E.P.A.’s resources for regulatory enforcement by about 6 percent.
Many of those cuts are likely to come from the E.P.A.’s state and regional offices, where employees are charged with overseeing and enforcing federal rules. Such cuts would line up with Mr. Pruitt’s preferred approach of regulation as well — getting federal officials off the backs of states.
“Most states already have their own environmental programs,” Mr. Calvert said. “We’re going to have to take a look at that, and start running things more efficiently.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — A fast-moving legal fight over President Trump’s targeted travel ban reached the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, in San Francisco, late Saturday. Here is a look at where things stand.
Lawyers for the federal government asked the appeals court to stay a temporary restraining order issued Friday by Judge James Robart of the Federal District Court in Seattle. Judge Robart was appointed by President George W. Bush.
Acting on a request from two states, Washington and Minnesota, Judge Robart temporarily banned the administration from enforcing two parts of Mr. Trump’s order: its 90-day suspension of entry into the United States of people from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen, and its limits on accepting refugees, including “any action that prioritizes the refugee claims of certain religious minorities.”
Judge Robart’s order allowed people from the seven countries who had been authorized to travel, along with vetted refugees from all nations, to enter the country.
In its brief, the administration said that Judge Robart had “improperly second-guessed the president’s national security determinations.” The brief said the president had vast power over immigration under the Constitution and federal law.
The court declined to issue an immediate administrative stay, but it said it would consider the federal government’s emergency motion for a stay after receiving more briefs. The court set a very fast briefing schedule, asking the states to respond by midnight Sunday Pacific time, with the federal government to file a second brief by 3 p.m. on Monday.
There is every indication that the court will act promptly.
The appeals court’s order was issued by Judge William C. Canby Jr., who was appointed by President Jimmy Carter, and Judge Michelle T. Friedland, who was appointed by President Barack Obama. They are two of the three Ninth Circuit judges designated to hear motions in February. The third, Judge Richard R. Clifton, was appointed by President George W. Bush.
Motions for stays are typically decided based on paper filings.
Almost certainly. The losing side will very likely ask the justices to review the appeals court’s ruling on the emergency stay.
The ultimate decision on whether the executive order is lawful will not come quickly. That means people seeking to travel or settle here may be whipsawed until the case is finally resolved.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump is barreling into a confrontation with the courts barely two weeks after taking office, foreshadowing years of legal battles as an administration determined to disrupt the existing order presses the boundaries of executive power.
Lawyers for the administration were ordered to submit a brief on Monday defending Mr. Trump’s order temporarily banning refugees from around the world and all visitors from seven predominantly Muslim countries from entering the United States. An appeals court in California refused on Sunday to reinstate the ban after a lower court blocked it.
As people from the countries targeted by Mr. Trump struggled to make their way to the United States while they could, the president for the second day in a row expressed rage at the judge in the case, this time accusing him of endangering national security. Vice President Mike Pence defended the president’s tone, but lawyers and lawmakers of both parties said Mr. Trump’s comments reflected a lack of respect for the constitutional system of checks and balances.
Late in the day, Mr. Trump took to Twitter to pre-emptively blame the judge and the judiciary for what the president suggested would be a future terrorist attack.
“Just cannot believe a judge would put our country in such peril,” Mr. Trump wrote, a day after referring to the “so-called judge” in the case. “If something happens blame him and court system.”
Even before the latest post, Republicans joined Democrats in chiding him. Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, said it was “best not to single out judges.”
“We all get disappointed from time to time,” he said on CNN’s “State of the Union.” “I think it is best to avoid criticizing judges individually.”
The White House offered no evidence for Mr. Trump’s suggestion that potential terrorists would now pour over the border because of the judge’s order. Since Sept. 11, 2001, no American has been killed in a terrorist attack on American soil by anyone who immigrated from any of the seven countries named in Mr. Trump’s order.
The impassioned debate over the immigration order brought to the fore issues at the heart of the Trump presidency. A businessman with no experience in public office, Mr. Trump has shown in his administration’s opening days that he favors an action-oriented approach with little regard for the two other branches of government. While Congress, controlled by Republicans, has deferred, the judiciary may emerge as the major obstacle for Mr. Trump.
Democrats and some Republicans said Mr. Trump’s attack on the courts would color the battle over the nomination of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch to the Supreme Court as well as the president’s relationship with Congress.
Other presidents have clashed with the judiciary. The Supreme Court invalidated parts of Franklin D. Roosevelt’s New Deal, forced Richard M. Nixon to turn over Watergate tapes and rejected Bill Clinton’s bid to delay a sexual harassment lawsuit.
The last two presidents battled with courts repeatedly over the limits of their power. The judiciary ruled that George W. Bush overstepped his bounds in denying due process to terrorism suspects and that Barack Obama assumed power he did not have to allow millions of unauthorized immigrants to stay in the country.
Charles Fried, solicitor general under Ronald Reagan, said the ruling by a Federal District Court in Washington State blocking Mr. Trump’s order resembled a ruling by a Texas district court stopping Mr. Obama from proceeding with his own immigration order.
But rarely, if ever, has a president this early in his tenure, and with such personal invective, battled the courts. Mr. Trump, Mr. Fried said, is turning everything into “a soap opera” with overheated attacks on the judge. “There are no lines for him,” said Mr. Fried, who teaches at Harvard Law School and voted against Mr. Trump. “There is no notion of, this is inappropriate, this is indecent, this is unpresidential.”
Other Republicans brushed off the attacks, noting that judges have lifetime tenure that protects them from criticism. But even some Republicans said Mr. Trump’s order raised valid legal questions for the courts.
“If I were in the White House, I’d feel better about my position if the ban or moratorium or whatever you call it were based on an actual attack or threat,” former Attorney General Alberto R. Gonzales, who served under Mr. Bush, said in an interview. Still, he said, when it comes to noncitizens overseas, “the executive has enjoyed great deference from the courts.”
Judge James Robart, a Federal District Court judge in Seattle appointed by Mr. Bush, on Friday issued a nationwide suspension of Mr. Trump’s order while its legality was debated. The administration quickly asked the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit to overrule the judge, but it refused early Sunday and instead ordered the government to file a brief on Monday. The quick briefing schedule indicated that the appeals court could issue a ruling on the merits of the president’s order within days.
In the meantime, refugees vetted by the government can proceed to the United States, as can any travelers with approved visas from the seven targeted nations: Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen.
Still, widespread confusion and anger were reported at overseas airports on Sunday. Unsure which orders to follow, airlines stopped even some of the people named in the lawsuits who were technically cleared to come to the country, according to a government official.
The assertion of broad latitude by the president in areas of national security resembles the struggles of the Bush years, when in the months after the Sept. 11 attacks the administration claimed sometimes sweeping power in the name of fighting terrorism.
Jack Goldsmith, who as head of the Justice Department’s Office of Legal Counsel under Mr. Bush argued that some of the initial orders went too far and forced them to be rolled back, said on Sunday that there were similarities. “But Bush’s legal directives were not as sloppy as Trump’s,” he said. “And Trump’s serial attacks on judges and the judiciary take us into new territory. The sloppiness and aggressiveness of the directives, combined with the attacks on judges, put extra pressure on judges to rule against Trump.”
This was not the first time Mr. Trump has castigated a judge who ruled against him. As a candidate last year, Mr. Trump asserted that Judge Gonzalo P. Curiel, who was presiding over a fraud lawsuit by former students of Trump University, had a conflict of interest because his family was of Mexican heritage and he therefore would be biased because of Mr. Trump’s promise to build a border wall.
Such comments from a sitting president, however, were unusual and triggered consternation in the legal community. Bartholomew J. Dalton, the president of the American College of Trial Lawyers, called Mr. Trump’s “insulting language” inappropriate.
“It is wrong for the chief executive of the executive branch to demean a member of the judiciary with such language,” Mr. Dalton said in a statement. “This undermines judicial independence, which is the backbone to our constitutional democracy.”
Senators of both parties appearing on Sunday talk shows concurred. “I’ll be honest, I don’t understand language like that,” Senator Ben Sasse, Republican of Nebraska, said on “This Week” on ABC. “We don’t have so-called judges. We don’t have so-called senators. We don’t have so-called presidents. We have people from three different branches of government who take an oath to uphold and defend the Constitution.”
“The president is not a dictator,” Senator Dianne Feinstein of California, the Judiciary Committee’s top Democrat, said on “Fox News Sunday.” “The framers of our Constitution wanted a strong Congress for the very reason that most of these kinds of things should be done within the scope of lawmaking. This is done within the scope of executive power.”
It fell to Mr. Pence to defend Mr. Trump. “Well, look, the president of the United States has every right to criticize the other two branches of government. And we have a long tradition of that in this country,” he said on “Meet the Press” on NBC.
“The judge’s actions in this case,” he added, “making decisions about American foreign policy and national security, it’s just very frustrating to the president, to our whole administration, to millions of Americans who want to see judges that will uphold the law and recognize the authority the president of the United States has under the Constitution to manage who comes into this country.”



ARTICLE
President Trump, asked by an interviewer on Saturday why he respected President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia even though he is “a killer,” seemed to equate Mr. Putin’s actions with those of the United States.
“You got a lot of killers,” he told the interviewer, Bill O’Reilly of Fox News. “What, you think our country’s so innocent?”
Mr. Trump has long expressed his admiration for the Russian leader’s strength. But his willingness to seemingly draw a moral equivalence to actions by Mr. Putin, who has brutally suppressed dissent by eliminating political enemies, led to an eruption on social media.
Many asked how conservatives would have reacted had President Barack Obama, or other Democrats, compared American actions to Mr. Putin’s.
The exchange surfaced on Saturday night in an excerpt from the interview, which is to be broadcast on Sunday before the Super Bowl. What Mr. Trump was specifically referring to or whether there was added context that came after his comment was not immediately clear based on the excerpt that was made available.
In the interview, Mr. Trump was asked if he respected Mr. Putin. He said he did, adding that he respected “a lot of people, but that doesn’t mean I’m going to get along with him.”
Mr. Trump continued: “He’s a leader of his country. I say it’s better to get along with Russia than not. And if Russia helps us in the fight against ISIS — which is a major fight — and Islamic terrorism all over the world — major fight — that’s a good thing. Will I get along with him? I have no idea. It’s very possible that I won’t.”
Mr. Trump’s campaign pledge to mend ties with Moscow has raised questions over his administration’s commitment to maintaining sanctions against Russia for its involvement in the fighting and annexation of Crimea from Ukraine.
He said he was willing to work with Kiev and Moscow to resolve a separatist conflict in eastern Ukraine, after a telephone call on Saturday with President Petro O. Poroshenko of Ukraine, Reuters reported.
The call was the first direct contact between the two leaders since Mr. Trump’s inauguration.
“We will work with Ukraine, Russia and all other parties involved to help them restore peace along the border,” Mr. Trump said in a White House statement.
His comments contrasted with those of Nikki R. Haley, the new American ambassador to the United Nations, who on Thursday condemned Russia for its “aggressive actions” in eastern Ukraine.
She said the United States wanted improved relations with Russia, but added that American sanctions imposed after Russia’s annexation of Crimea would remain in place. She said “the dire situation” demanded “clear and strong condemnation” of Russia’s actions.
In another excerpt from the Fox interview, Mr. Trump was asked whether it was irresponsible for him to say that three million illegal immigrants voted in the election while lacking the evidence to support that assertion.
“When you see illegals, people that are not citizens and they’re on the registration rolls,” he started to say before shifting. “Look, Bill, we can be babies, but you take a look at the registration, you have illegals, you have dead people, you have this — it’s really a bad situation, it’s really bad.”



ARTICLE
Ivanka Trump served for several years as a trustee for a fortune set aside for the daughters of Rupert Murdoch, people familiar with the arrangement said. Her role highlights the close ties between President Trump’s family and the family that controls Fox News Channel, The Wall Street Journal and other news outlets.
Ms. Trump, the president’s daughter, stepped down in December as a Murdoch trustee, a relationship reported on Wednesday by The Financial Times. The trust for the Murdoch daughters holds some $300 million in stock in News Corporation and 21st Century Fox, companies that Mr. Murdoch, 85, leads, and in which he and his family hold controlling interests.
Mr. Trump has been a favorite topic of Mr. Murdoch’s New York Post for decades, and in the years before last year’s presidential campaign, Mr. Trump had a regular morning call-in segment on Fox News. During the campaign and since the election, Fox News has covered him far more favorably than its competitors.
Mr. Murdoch has two daughters, ages 15 and 13, with his former wife, Wendi, 48. It was Wendi Murdoch who chose Ms. Trump, 35, as a trustee, according to the people familiar with the matter, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss it publicly.
The two women have long been close, and their friendship has continued since the Murdochs’ 2013 divorce. Ms. Trump’s husband, Jared Kushner, served as a conduit between the Trump campaign and Mr. Murdoch.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — In seeking to rent space in the 58-floor skyscraper that is President Trump’s home in Manhattan, the Defense Department is continuing a long tradition of finding a place close to the commander in chief for his top military aides — including the ones who carry the “nuclear football” of launch codes that follows the president everywhere.
The Defense Department has regularly paid for space near temporary or part-time presidential residences, including near the Chicago home of President Barack Obama. Before that, the Pentagon placed a heavily secured trailer at the Crawford, Tex., ranch of President George W. Bush.
But it is hard to put a trailer with the nuclear football right outside Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue, officials say. Even so, a move into the Manhattan high-rise raises questions of taxpayer money going directly to Mr. Trump.
The football — essentially the briefcase of nuclear codes and communications systems — follows the president wherever he goes, held 24/7 by a military aide who must be able to get it to him in minutes if necessary.
Whoever is taking care of the nuclear football needs a place to sleep, close to the president. Thus, the need to rent space in Trump Tower, officials say.
“In order to meet official mission requirements, the Department of Defense is working through appropriate channels in accordance with all applicable legal requirements in order to acquire a limited amount of leased space in Trump Tower,” Lt. Col. J. B. Brindle, a Pentagon spokesman, said statement. “The space is necessary for the personnel and equipment who will support the POTUS at his residence in the building,” he said, using an acronym for president of the United States.
Since the military aide cannot move into the three-story apartment that Mr. Trump shares with his wife, Melania, and son Barron, that leaves looking to lease space elsewhere in the building.
The Defense Department did not say how much it would pay for the space. Leasing agents say a floor in Trump Tower can rent for $1.5 million a year, but it was unclear whether the Pentagon would rent that much space.
One possibility would be for the Pentagon to lease a condominium from a resident in the building who owns the space.
Renting space from a president is not without precedent. The Secret Service paid Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. $2,200 a month to rent a cottage adjacent to his home in a Wilmington, Del., suburb.
The Secret Service also has an arrangement in Trump Tower. Administration officials declined to comment on why the two agencies could not share the space.



ARTICLE
Some called it a gift to women’s rights, and the episode angered many who diagnosed it as a plot to muzzle a vocal senator, Elizabeth Warren, Democrat of Massachusetts.
Mitch McConnell, the Senate majority leader and Republican of Kentucky, may have had the procedural right to cut short Ms. Warren’s speech on the Senate floor against Jeff Sessions’s nomination for attorney general on Tuesday.
But critics had Twitter, and they roared back, using Mr. McConnell’s words in a rallying cry against what they saw as an attempt by a powerful man to silence a woman who was speaking her mind:
“She was warned. She was given an explanation. Nevertheless, she persisted.”
As Mr. McConnell explained it, Ms. Warren had run afoul of Rule XIX, which forbids demeaning another senator, as she began reading a 1986 letter from Coretta Scott King on the day before the vote on Mr. Sessions’s nomination.
The King letter criticized Mr. Sessions, a Republican, when he was up for a federal judgeship, for using “the awesome power of his office to chill the free exercise of the vote by black citizens” while serving as a United States attorney in Alabama.
Regardless of the particulars of Senate practices, Ms. Warren and her supporters strongly rejected the idea that she had been out of line.
The imagery of a man silencing a woman struck some as all too common, and his language rang familiar with many women who had their own stories of being silenced.
“Nevertheless, she persisted” served as a hashtag-ready motto for women at the ready to break barriers.
A broader theme — that women are too commonly shushed or ignored — emerged on social media. And #LetLizSpeak began trending. Women and men drew examples from the historical likes of Rosa Parks and the suffrage movement.
The meme was applied to issues like reproductive rights and domestic abuse.
On Wednesday, Republicans defended Mr. McConnell’s actions and accused Ms. Warren of ignoring repeated warnings to avoid violating the Senate rule. She had also read a letter from Ted Kennedy disparaging Mr. Sessions.
“You don’t insult — whether it be from a letter, or from a message from God, or on golden tablets,” said Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona. “That’s the rules of the Senate.”
(On Wednesday, Mr. Sessions was confirmed as the United States attorney general on a near-party-line vote, 52 to 47.)
In the end, Ms. Warren had her say. She read the statement from Mrs. King in full on Facebook.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Republicans seized her microphone. And gave her a megaphone.
Silenced on the Senate floor for condemning a peer, Senator Elizabeth Warren, Democrat of Massachusetts, emerged on Wednesday in a coveted role: the avatar of liberal resistance in the age of President Trump.
Late on Tuesday, Senate Republicans voted to halt the remarks of Ms. Warren, already a lodestar of the left, after she criticized a colleague, Senator Jeff Sessions, the nominee for attorney general, by reading a letter from Coretta Scott King.
Instantly, the decision — led by Senator Mitch McConnell, the majority leader, who invoked a rarely enforced rule prohibiting senators from impugning the motives and conduct of a peer — amplified Ms. Warren’s message and further inflamed the angry Senate debate over Mr. Sessions’ nomination. He was confirmed on Wednesday.
For Ms. Warren’s supporters, it was the latest and most visceral example of a woman muzzled by men who seemed unwilling to listen.
Critics saw something else: a senator who has rankled members of both parties with her nose for the spotlight lobbing a far-too-early salvo in the next presidential race.
“A lot of that’s about 2020 politics,” Senator John Thune, Republican of South Dakota, grumbled on MSNBC.
Mr. McConnell’s subsequent explanation for his maneuver seemed destined for a future Warren campaign ad: “She was warned. She was given an explanation. Nevertheless, she persisted.” After an unsuccessful effort to draft her for the 2016 presidential race, Ms. Warren is considered a very early front-runner for 2020, should she run.
Mr. McConnell’s coda has already been repurposed as a sort of rallying cry. Across social media, Ms. Warren’s allies and supporters posted with the hashtag #shepersisted, calling to mind some Democrats’ embrace of the term “nasty woman” after Mr. Trump deployed it to describe Hillary Clinton during a debate. Appearing with Mrs. Clinton in New Hampshire in October, Ms. Warren reminded Mr. Trump that “nasty women vote.”
After the vote to bar Ms. Warren from speaking further about Mr. Sessions, other senators, including Bernie Sanders of Vermont and Tom Udall of New Mexico, read Mrs. King’s letter without facing any objection, prompting some activists to raise charges of sexism.
Ms. Warren has long displayed an instinct for capitalizing on highly visible fights. After she was barred from speaking on the Senate floor, she began reading the 1986 letter from Mrs. King on Facebook. By Wednesday evening, the video had attracted more than nine million views.
In the letter, Mrs. King, the widow of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr., took aim at Mr. Sessions’s record on civil rights as a United States attorney in Alabama, saying he had used “the awesome power of his office to chill the free exercise of the vote by black citizens.” She called on the Senate not to confirm Mr. Sessions to a federal judgeship, and his nomination to that post was ultimately rejected.
On Wednesday morning, in a conference room in the Capitol — the vote prohibited Ms. Warren from speaking about the nomination only from the Senate floor — Ms. Warren addressed civil rights leaders, recounting her long night.
“What hit me the hardest was, it is about silence,” she said. “It’s about trying to shut people up. It’s about saying, ‘No, no, no, just go ahead and vote.’”
She went on.
“This is going to be hard,” she said. “We don’t have the tools. There’s going to be a lot that we will lose. But I guarantee, the one thing we will not lose, we will not lose our voices.”
As Democrats strain to navigate the early days of the Trump presidency, weighing the merits of the blanket opposition that many in their base seem to crave, the latest rancor appeared to raise the likelihood of further confrontation in the Senate chamber.
Some left-leaning groups seemed comfortable with that.
“What the public needs to see from Democrats right now is more backbone and more standing on principle,” said Adam Green, a co-founder of the Progressive Change Campaign Committee. “Elizabeth Warren continues to be the model for good behavior.”
The timing is fortunate for Ms. Warren, whose fiery denunciations of corporate greed have long made her a Democratic celebrity.
Her new book deal was announced this week. Its title: “This Fight Is Our Fight: The Battle to Save America’s Middle Class.” Shortly after Mr. McConnell’s objection on Tuesday, Ms. Warren called a favorite TV anchor, MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow, and spoke live on the air.
On Wednesday, Republicans betrayed no regret for their move, accusing Ms. Warren of ignoring repeated warnings to avoid violating the Senate rule, known as Rule XIX. She had also read a letter from Edward M. Kennedy, who represented Massachusetts in the Senate, disparaging Mr. Sessions.
“You don’t insult — whether it be from a letter, or from a message from God, or on golden tablets,” said Senator John McCain of Arizona. “That’s the rules of the Senate. They want to complain about it, complain about it.”
Democrats and their allies resumed their protest against Mr. Sessions on Wednesday with renewed swagger, despite their long odds of blocking his confirmation.
“If Mr. McConnell or anybody else wants to deny me the right to debate Jeff Sessions’s qualifications, go for it,” Mr. Sanders said from the Senate floor hours before the vote.
Since the election, Mr. Sanders and Ms. Warren have been among the lawmakers jockeying to be leading messengers for Democratic politics under the Trump administration.
There have been bumps. Last month, Ms. Warren faced rare criticism from liberals after voting in a Senate committee to approve Ben Carson as Mr. Trump’s secretary of housing and urban development, infuriating voters who had hoped for uniform opposition to Mr. Trump’s cabinet.
Defending herself on Facebook at the time, Ms. Warren wrote that she appreciated the feedback. “Unlike the new administration,” she said, “I don’t believe in ignoring or silencing people who disagree with the choices I make or the votes I take.”
This week, it seemed, all had been forgiven. MoveOn.org, the liberal political group, said it had collected about $300,000 in contributions for Ms. Warren since Tuesday night.
And by midafternoon, a fund-raising email from Ms. Warren had arrived in the inboxes of her supporters.
“I’m still banned from speaking on the Senate floor — but there’s still time for you to make your voice heard,” the email read, with a link to a page for contributions.
She signed off with a familiar message: “Keep fighting.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Senator Jeff Sessions was confirmed on Wednesday as President Trump’s attorney general, capping a bitter and racially charged nomination battle that crested with the procedural silencing of a leading Democrat, Senator Elizabeth Warren.
Mr. Sessions, an Alabama Republican, survived a near-party-line vote, 52 to 47, in the latest sign of the extreme partisanship at play as Mr. Trump strains to install his cabinet. No Republicans broke ranks in their support of a colleague who will become the nation’s top law enforcement official after two decades in the Senate.
But the confirmation process — ferocious even by the standards of moldering decorum that have defined the body’s recent years — laid bare the Senate’s deep divisions at the outset of the Trump presidency. At the same time, the treatment of Ms. Warren, who was forced to stop speaking late Tuesday after criticizing Mr. Sessions from the Senate floor, rekindled the gender-infused politics that animated the presidential election and the women’s march protesting Mr. Trump the day after his inauguration last month.
Mr. Sessions cast his final vote as a senator to note that he was present for Wednesday’s tally. His confirmation was met by applause from his colleagues, including a few Democrats, on the Senate floor.
“I can’t express how appreciative I am for those of you who stood by me during this difficult time,” Mr. Sessions said shortly after the vote. “By your vote tonight, I have been given a real challenge. I’ll do my best to be worthy of it.”
Democrats spent the hours before the vote on Wednesday seething over the rebuke of Ms. Warren, of Massachusetts, who had been barred from speaking on the floor the previous night. Late Tuesday, Republicans voted to formally silence Ms. Warren after she read from a 1986 letter by Coretta Scott King that criticized Mr. Sessions for using “the awesome power of his office to chill the free exercise of the vote by black citizens” while serving as a United States attorney in Alabama.
Since Mr. Trump announced his choice for attorney general, Mr. Sessions’s history with issues of race had assumed center stage. A committee hearing on his nomination included searing indictments from black Democratic lawmakers like Representative John Lewis of Georgia, the civil rights icon, and Senator Cory Booker of New Jersey, who broke with Senate tradition to testify against a peer.
For weeks, Republicans rejected suggestions that Mr. Sessions could not be trusted on civil rights, arguing that he had been tarnished unfairly over accusations of racial insensitivity that have dogged him since the 1980s.
“Everybody in this body knows Senator Sessions well, knows that he is a man of integrity, a man of principle,” Senator Dan Sullivan, Republican of Alaska, said during the debate on Wednesday afternoon. The “twisting” of Mr. Sessions’s record offended him, he said, even as Democrats continued their attacks on the nominee.
As the 84th attorney general, Mr. Sessions brings a sharply conservative bent to the Justice Department and its 113,000 employees. A former prosecutor, he promises a focus aligned with Mr. Trump in pushing a “law and order” agenda that includes tougher enforcement of laws on immigration, drugs and gun trafficking.
Civil rights advocates worry, however, that he will reverse steps taken by the Obama administration in the last eight years to bring more accountability to police departments, state and local governments, and employers. Advocates point to his history of votes against various civil rights measures, as well as the accusations of racial insensitivity.
Senator Patty Murray, a Washington Democrat, said on Wednesday that on civil rights, immigration, abortion, criminal sentencing guidelines and a range of other issues, Mr. Sessions had been far outside the mainstream and had pushed “extreme policies” often targeting minorities.
That criticism peaked with Tuesday night’s rebuke of Ms. Warren, based on an arcane Senate rule that prevents members from impugning the character of a fellow senator, as she read the letter from Mrs. King, the widow of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Mrs. King wrote the letter in response to Mr. Sessions’s 1986 nomination for a federal judgeship, for which he was ultimately rejected in part because of accusations that he had been insensitive to minorities as a prosecutor.
Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican majority leader, led the objection against Ms. Warren. His explanation afterward — “She was warned. She was given an explanation. Nevertheless, she persisted” — instantly became a liberal rallying cry, re-establishing Ms. Warren as a leading voice of Democratic resistance to Mr. Trump.
“What hit me the hardest was, it is about silence,” Ms. Warren told a group of civil rights leaders on Wednesday at the Capitol. “It’s about trying to shut people up. It’s about saying: ‘No, no, no. Just go ahead and vote.’”
Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, said on Wednesday that the censure was “totally, totally uncalled-for” and that it reflected an “anti-free-speech attitude” emanating from the White House. He and other Democrats said it served to mute legitimate criticism of Mr. Sessions’s record on civil rights and racial issues — one of their main avenues of attack at his contentious nomination hearing last month.
The vote on Mr. Sessions came a day after Senate Republicans broke through a bottleneck in Mr. Trump’s nominees by approving Betsy DeVos, the embattled Republican donor, as education secretary with the help of a tiebreaking vote by Vice President Mike Pence. With Mr. Sessions’s confirmation, votes are expected in coming days on the nominations of Representative Tom Price of Georgia for secretary of health and human services and Steven T. Mnuchin for Treasury secretary.
Mr. Sessions’s path to confirmation hit another snag that riled Democrats and energized opponents of his nomination: Mr. Trump’s dramatic firing of the acting leader of the Justice Department.
Last week, Mr. Trump abruptly dismissed Sally Q. Yates, the acting attorney general, setting off a fierce backlash from Democrats against Mr. Sessions’s nomination to fill her job permanently. Ms. Yates, a holdover from the Obama administration, had refused to defend Mr. Trump’s controversial order barring travel by some foreigners, which is now tied up in litigation in federal courts. Democrats seized on her firing to say that Mr. Sessions is too close to the president to be independent or stand up to him.
As the first senator to support Mr. Trump’s long-shot bid for president last year, Mr. Sessions became an influential campaign adviser. While he pledged repeatedly not to be “a mere rubber stamp” for the White House, Democrats asserted that he would not be willing to challenge legally questionable policies like the travel ban or the president’s threats to reinstitute the use of torture on terrorism suspects.
The arguments failed to sway any Republicans on the Senate Judiciary Committee, which voted, 11 to 9, along party lines last week to approve Mr. Sessions’s nomination.
Senator Charles E. Grassley, the Iowa Republican who leads the Senate Judiciary Committee, expressed confidence that Mr. Sessions would be a “fair and evenhanded” attorney general and would make good on his pledges to enforce even the laws he voted against in the Senate.
“There should be no question,” Mr. Grassley said, “that he is more than qualified to be the nation’s top law enforcement officer.”



ARTICLE
A three-judge state court panel in North Carolina on Tuesday held up part of a new Republican-backed law that strips important power from the newly elected Democratic governor.
The ruling, temporarily halting the requirement that the governor seek legislative approval for his cabinet selections, escalated the partisan tensions that have shaken up the state, and came shortly before a scheduled State Senate hearing on one of Gov. Roy Cooper’s cabinet picks. Mr. Cooper has called the law, which was signed in December in the waning days of his Republican predecessor’s tenure, a politically motivated power grab.
“The court is absolutely correct in their decision and should not be intimidated by threats from legislative leaders,” Mr. Cooper said in a statement, in which he urged the state “to put these partisan confirmation games behind us.”
Passed in the bitter aftermath of November’s election, the limits on Mr. Cooper’s power prompted protests outside the North Carolina Capitol, where Republicans hold majorities in both chambers.
The ruling by the panel of North Carolina Superior Court judges is limited to legislative oversight of Mr. Cooper’s cabinet selections. Lawmakers last year also approved 11th-hour changes limiting the governor’s influence with the State Board of Elections, changing the appeals process in the state courts and reducing the total number of executive appointees. Another judge has already paused the changes to the state elections board.
Legislative Republicans have defended the new rules as a legal, reasonable check on the governor’s power. In a joint statement, Phil Berger, the president pro tempore of the State Senate, and House Speaker Tim Moore called the temporary restraining order “a gross misreading of the Constitution and a blatant overstep” by the judges.
“This unprecedented move would be like the legislature telling a judge what jurors to pick to decide a case,” Mr. Berger and Mr. Moore said in their statement. “Judges are not legislators, and if these three men want to make laws, they should hang up their robes and run for a legislative seat.”
At the committee meeting where one of Mr. Cooper’s nominees had been scheduled to be reviewed on Wednesday, State Senator Wesley Meredith, a Republican, said the oversight of cabinet secretaries was “about good government.” He added that “we are going to get answers to questions regarding their qualifications, potential conflicts of interest and willingness to obey the law.”
“Never before has a judge told the representatives elected by the citizens that they cannot hold a committee meeting as allowed by the constitution,” Mr. Meredith said, according to a transcript provided by the Republican leadership.
The order merely suspended the Senate confirmation requirement while judges consider Mr. Cooper’s lawsuit. The judges found that Mr. Cooper “has shown a likelihood of success on the merits of his challenge” and was “likely to sustain irreparable harm” if no temporary restraining order was issued. A hearing on a preliminary injunction is expected on Friday. Mr. Cooper has proceeded with appointing cabinet members, and under state law has until May to notify lawmakers of his selections.
Tuesday’s order brought new attention to the series of changes in December in which the departing Republican governor, Pat McCrory, signed legislation limiting the power of his Democratic successor.
“The unprecedented power grab that we saw last December, and the childish reaction to today’s ruling, demonstrates that Republican leadership in the General Assembly is more interested in solidifying their power and playing political games than in actually legislating,” Mike Gwin, a spokesman for the North Carolina Democratic Party, said in a statement.
Bob Phillips, executive director of the nonpartisan group Common Cause North Carolina, said his organization’s “main concern was just how it was done and when it was done.”
“We do need to find a way where both sides can communicate and, under the banner of thoughtful debate, have those discussions,” Mr. Phillips said.



ARTICLE
In 1986, Coretta Scott King wrote a letter  in opposition to Jeff Sessions’ nomination to become a federal judge. It criticized Mr. Sessions’s record on civil rights and said that elevating him to higher office would demean the record of Mrs. King’s husband, the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
The letter resurfaced last month, when BuzzFeed News reported that Senator Strom Thurmond, a Republican from South Carolina who was then the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, had failed to enter it into the Congressional Record. On the same day as BuzzFeed’s report, The Washington Post obtained the letter and published it online.
Three decades ago, the letter was credited with helping to derail Mr. Sessions’s nomination. On Tuesday, it became a rallying cry for Democrats who are opposed to his nod to become the United States attorney general.
Senator Elizabeth Warren, Democrat of Massachusetts, was trying to read the letter aloud in the Senate chamber when her fellow senators, accusing her of violating a rule that forbids one senator from demeaning another, invoked a law, forcing her to stop.
The statement consists of two parts: a cover letter addressed to Mr. Thurmond, which Ms. Warren did not read aloud, and the statement, part of which Ms. Warren read on the Senate floor. She later read it in full on Facebook Live, uninterrupted. By Wednesday afternoon, her video had been viewed more than seven million times.
The introduction.
Here is the text of the statement.
Statement of Coretta Scott King on the Nomination of Jefferson Beauregard Sessions III for the United States District Court Southern District of Alabama
Senate Judiciary Committee
Thursday, March 13, 1986



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, President Trump’s nominee for the Supreme Court, privately expressed dismay on Wednesday over Mr. Trump’s increasingly aggressive attacks on the judiciary, calling the president’s criticism of independent judges “demoralizing” and “disheartening.”
The remarks by Judge Gorsuch,  chosen  by Mr. Trump last week to serve on the nation’s highest court, came as the president lashed out at the federal appellate judges who are considering a challenge to his executive order banning travel from seven predominantly Muslim countries. The president called their judicial proceedings “disgraceful” and described the courts as “so political.”
Those remarks followed Mr. Trump’s weekend Twitter outburst in which he derided a Seattle district court judge who blocked his travel ban as a “so-called judge” whose “ridiculous” ruling would be overturned.
Judge Gorsuch expressed his disappointment with Mr. Trump’s comments about the judiciary in a private conversation with Senator Richard Blumenthal, Democrat of Connecticut, as he paid courtesy calls on Capitol Hill to build support for his confirmation. An account of the discussion was confirmed by a White House adviser working to advance the Gorsuch confirmation, who spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to comment.
The spectacle of a Supreme Court nominee breaking so starkly with the president who named him underscored the unusual nature of Mr. Trump’s public feud with the judiciary. Speaking to a group of sheriffs and police chiefs on Wednesday, the president said the appellate judges had failed to grasp concepts even “a bad high school student would understand.”
“This is highly unusual,” said Michael W. McConnell, a former federal judge who directs the Constitutional Law Center at Stanford University. “Mr. Trump is shredding longstanding norms of etiquette and interbranch comity.”
Presidents have traditionally tried to refrain from even appearing to intervene in court cases that concern them or their policies, or from impugning the motives and qualifications of jurists charged with deciding them, according to judges and legal experts from across the political spectrum. The tradition is important to preserving the separation of powers that is a pillar of American democracy, establishing an independent judiciary to serve as a check on the executive branch, they argued.
Mr. Trump’s rhetorical battle with the judiciary may also end up harming his cause in a case that may end up before the Supreme Court, by potentially stiffening the resolve of judges who feel their independence is under attack.
Mr. McConnell called Mr. Trump’s comments “extremely self-defeating and self-destructive” because of their potential to sway judges to rule against Mr. Trump.
“Judges who hear criticism of this sort are not going to be inclined to knuckle under; it’s going to stiffen their spines to be even more independent,” said Mr. McConnell, who was nominated to his judgeship by President George W. Bush.
Jeffrey Rosen, the president of the National Constitution Center, a nonprofit organization in Philadelphia devoted to explaining the Constitution, said there was a rich history of presidents strongly criticizing judges on matters of law.
“But those criticisms were based on constitutional disagreements about the rulings, and it’s hard to think of a president who has challenged the motives of specific judges by name repeatedly, especially before a case is decided, or used the same kind of invective as Mr. Trump has toward the court,” Mr. Rosen said.
“Judicial independence is a fragile and crucial achievement of American constitutionalism,” he added, “and it depends on the public seeing the judiciary as something more than politicians in robes.”
Yet Mr. Trump, who as president has the power to nominate members of the federal judiciary, appears bent instead on portraying independent judges who hold the fate of his travel ban in their hands as partisans who refuse to give him the power to which he is entitled to protect the nation.
“I don’t ever want to call a court biased, so I won’t call it biased,” Mr. Trump said on Wednesday. “But courts seem to be so political, and it would be so great for our justice system if they would be able to read a statement and do what’s right.”
Mr. Trump, who opened his remarks to law enforcement officers reciting the passage of the United States code that gives the president the power to restrict immigration whenever he deems the influx of foreigners detrimental to the country, said he had watched “in amazement” Tuesday night as a three-judge federal appeals panel heard arguments on his executive order and the limits of presidential power in cases of national security.
“I listened to a bunch of stuff last night on television that was disgraceful,” Mr. Trump said. “I think it’s sad. I think it’s a sad day. I think our security is at risk today.”
His comments came the morning after a lively, roughly hourlong hearing — the audio of which was carried live on national television — during which three judges on the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit expressed skepticism about the arguments of a Justice Department lawyer defending Mr. Trump’s order.
Judge James L. Robart of the Federal District Court in Seattle blocked the travel ban on Friday, and the appeals court is considering whether to uphold that action, with a ruling expected as early as Thursday.
Mr. Trump took aim at one of the judges without specifying which, saying, “I will not comment on the statements made by, certainly one judge.”
The panel was made up of Judge William C. Canby Jr., appointed by President Jimmy Carter; Judge Richard R. Clifton, named by Mr. Bush; and Judge Michelle T. Friedland, nominated by President Barack Obama.
“If these judges wanted to, in my opinion, help the court in terms of respect for the court, they’d do what they should be doing,” Mr. Trump said. “It’s so sad.”
By contrast, he lavished praise on Judge Nathaniel M. Gorton, a federal district judge in Boston who last week ruled that the travel ban could stay in place. “Right on — they were perfect,” Mr. Trump said of Judge Gorton’s comments.
Mr. Trump is hardly the first president to criticize or seek to apply pressure to the courts; Mr. Obama admonished Supreme Court justices as they sat before him in the House chamber during his 2010 State of the Union address for their ruling in the Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission case that allowed corporations to spend freely to influence elections.
John Yoo, a former counsel to Mr. Bush, argued that Mr. Trump was using a potent weapon that has been used throughout history — the presidential prerogative to provoke a constitutional crisis when a vital issue is at stake — on an insignificant matter.
“I hate to see a president waste that kind of authority, which should only be deployed for our most important questions, on this immigration order, which the president could easily withdraw, fix and resubmit,” said Mr. Yoo, now a law professor at the University of California, Berkeley. “President Trump is pressing the accelerator down to 120 miles per hour on every single issue. He will exhaust himself and exhaust his presidency.”
Peter Wallison, a former White House counsel to Ronald Reagan, said the president often wished to weigh in on legal matters concerning personal friends or issues important to his administration, and Mr. Wallison always advised against it, both to protect the tradition of judicial independence and avoid undercutting the courts’ legitimacy.
“It’s not illegal, it’s not a violation of the law to say these things, but it’s bad policy because it raises questions about the independence of the courts, and it raises questions about the judicial system as a whole when the president says this,” Mr. Wallison said. Mr. Reagan did not always take his advice, he added, and in those instances, “I always cringed.”
Mr. Trump defended the process that yielded the executive order, saying he had initially wanted to wait a week or even a month before issuing the travel ban. But he said he was told by law enforcement officials that doing so would prompt a flood of people, including some with “very evil intentions,” to rush into the United States before the restrictions took effect.
That account appears to be at odds with the one given by several senior officials, who have said they were not fully briefed on the details of Mr. Trump’s order until the day the president signed it at the Pentagon.
On Wednesday, Mr. Trump told the law enforcement officers that he was acting solely out of a concern about terrorism, a threat he said had deepened since he took office and gained access to information about the risks facing Americans.
“Believe me, I’ve learned a lot in the last two weeks, and terrorism is a far greater threat than the people of our country understand,” Mr. Trump said. “But we’re going to take care of it. We’re going to win.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The Trump White House is nearing completion of an order that would direct the Pentagon to bring future Islamic State detainees to the Guantánamo Bay prison, despite warnings from national security officials and legal scholars that doing so risks undermining the effort to combat the group, according to administration officials and a draft executive order obtained by The New York Times.
White House officials have detailed their thinking about a new detainee policy in an evolving series of drafts of an executive order being circulated among national security officials for comment. While previous versions have shown that the draft has undergone many changes — including dropping language about reviving C.I.A. prisons — the plan to add Islamic State detainees to the Guantánamo population has remained constant.
The latest version of the draft, which circulated this week, would direct Defense Secretary Jim Mattis to use Guantánamo to detain suspected members of “Al Qaeda, the Taliban, and associated forces, including individuals and networks associated with the Islamic State.”
The White House has kept similar language in the draft order despite warnings from career government national security officials that carrying out its plan would give federal judges an opportunity to reject the executive branch’s theory that the war against the Islamic State is legal, even though Congress never explicitly authorized it. The issue could arise when reviewing an inevitable habeas corpus lawsuit filed by an ISIS detainee.
The Obama administration first argued in late summer 2014 that the Islamic State was part of the existing armed conflict that Congress authorized in 2001 against Al Qaeda and the Taliban. But while the Islamic State got its start as Al Qaeda’s affiliate in Iraq more than a decade ago, that theory is disputed because the two groups later split and went to war with each other.
“It raises huge legal risks,” said Jack Goldsmith, a Harvard Law School professor and former senior Justice Department official in the Bush administration. “If a judge says the Sept. 11 authorization does not cover such a detention, it would not only make that detention unlawful, it would weaken the legal basis for the entire war against the Islamic State.”
Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, did not respond to an email seeking comment on the issue.
The Times reported on Feb. 4 that the White House had limited the draft order so that it focused on carrying out President Trump’s vow to keep the Guantánamo prison open and use it for newly captured detainees. That draft of the order dropped the ideas of reopening C.I.A. prisons and permitting interrogators to use harsher techniques than those now allowed in the Army Field Manual.
That report was based on accounts by people familiar with a version that circulated last week. But a new draft order circulated this week, titled “Protecting America Through Lawful Detention of Terrorist and Other Designated Enemy Elements,” includes some revisions. The latest version, unlike the previous one, explicitly revokes President Barack Obama’s January 2009 executive order directing the government to close the prison by January 2010, a deadline it failed to meet.
The revised text also dropped references to revitalizing the use of the military commissions system at Guantánamo for prosecuting terrorism suspects, and instead focused exclusively on detention policy — like its directive to use the prison to detain captured Islamic State suspects without trial.
In the 2012 version of the annual National Defense Authorization Act, Congress bolstered the government’s power to imprison suspected members of Al Qaeda, the Taliban and associated forces by authorizing such detentions without reference to the Sept. 11 attacks. But while it has provided funds for military operations against the Islamic State, it has never explicitly authorized combat or detention operations against it.
In summer 2014, when the group swept out of Syria and began rapidly conquering swaths of Iraq, Mr. Obama launched a bombing campaign to curtail its advances. At the time, he put forth the theory that the group’s early ties to Al Qaeda were sufficient to bring it under the Sept. 11 war authorization without new action from Congress.
Nevertheless, in 2015, the Obama administration asked Congress to enact an authorization for use of military force against the Islamic State. Lawmakers disagreed about whether it should place limits on the use of ground forces or impose an expiration date, and Congress never acted on the proposal. Congress has continued to give no sign that it has the will or the consensus to explicitly authorize war on the Islamic State.
Last year, an army captain sued Mr. Obama, arguing that the war was illegal because Congress had not authorized it. A Federal District Court judge dismissed the lawsuit without ruling on the legal merits, saying the plaintiff lacked standing to bring the case.
But any Islamic State detainee at Guantánamo would have legal standing to get a court to rule on the question of whether the group is legitimately part of the war against Al Qaeda.
Ryan Goodman, a New York University law professor who worked at the Pentagon during the Obama administration, said there were other reasons bringing an Islamic State detainee to Guantánamo for indefinite detention, as opposed to prosecuting him in civilian court, might raise problems: Foreign allies, he said, might refuse to turn over prisoners or assist in detention operations if that was the administration’s goal.
But even if that turns out not to be the case, he said, the legal risks of bringing a suspected member of the Islamic State, sometimes referred to as ISIL, are “very serious.”
“If I were in the administration, I would advise that bringing ISIL fighters to Guantánamo raises too many legal risks,” he said. “If a court finds the 2001 statute does not apply to ISIL because of the extraordinarily remote links between ISIL and the original Al Qaeda, then it would put into legal jeopardy the executive branch’s basis for lethal operations as well as detention operations.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Although there is plenty of anxiety in Washington about the shaky early performance of the Trump administration, don’t count Senator Mitch McConnell among the hand wringers.
Mr. McConnell, a Kentucky Republican and the majority leader, says he and his Senate Republican colleagues are quite satisfied with the Trump team so far. In fact, he said, they are reassured by signs that President Trump is going to hew to a conservative agenda after early fears that the president — a relatively unknown quantity to most elected Republicans — might not really be one of them.
“The country doesn’t need saving,” Mr. McConnell said when asked during an interview in his Capitol office if there was any cause for a senior-level congressional intervention given early chaos in the evolving West Wing.
“I think there is a high level of satisfaction with the new administration,” he said, dismissing concerns about dissonant eruptions from the new president and some of his top staff members. “Our members are not obsessed with the daily tweets, but are looking at the results.”
He added: “No matter what sort of theatrics that go on around the administration, if you look at the decisions that are being made, they are solid — from our perspective — right-of-center things that we would have hoped a new Republican president would have done.”
Mr. McConnell has broken with the president on a few subjects, taking a much harder line against President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia than Mr. Trump has and objecting to some of the president’s “drain the swamp” initiatives, including a proposal for congressional term limits.
Other members of the Republican establishment — inside and outside Congress — have expressed growing alarm about the conduct and competence of the White House. But Mr. McConnell, whose wife, Elaine Chao, was named by Mr. Trump as secretary of transportation, said things might even be turning out better than anticipated.
“Back during the campaign, there were a lot of questions: Is Trump really a conservative? A lot of questions about it,” Mr. McConnell recalled. “But if you look at the steps that have been taken so far, looks good to me.
“It is the kind of thing we would have expected of one of the others, had they been nominated and elected,” Mr. McConnell said, referring to Republican presidential candidates defeated by Mr. Trump who had more conventional political and government backgrounds.
Mr. McConnell’s view clashes violently with that of Senate Democrats and their allies around the country. They have viewed the beginning of the Trump era as a disaster best exemplified by an immigration executive order they decry as unconstitutional and un-American, as well as a selection of cabinet choices they rate as unqualified and carrying the very same baggage that has prevented others from being confirmed in the past.
Even some Republicans have criticized as inept and amateurish the rollout of the immigration order, which is now at the center of a federal court fight. Others have expressed trepidation at the prospect of being hammered in a Trump tweet if they run afoul of the new president.
Mr. McConnell, who is known for being able to take the temperature of his colleagues and to act accordingly, said he sensed no real unease about Mr. Trump on the Republican side of the aisle.
“We have had very good unity on our side,” Mr. McConnell said. “People are genuinely excited about taking the country in another direction. I don’t find any decision that he has made surprising.”
He said Senate Republicans had been enthusiastic about Mr. Trump’s cabinet nominees, dazzled by his Supreme Court pick and elated at the chance to roll back what he called the regulatory rampage of the Obama administration.
“A lot of us were wondering, what is Trump really going to be like?” Mr. McConnell said. “He used to support Democrats and have various views earlier in his life about politics. But when he got to the point of actually having the office and making the decisions, I think the decisions have been very comforting to my members, most of whom are a little bit right of center and further right of center.”
It goes without saying that having Mr. Trump in the White House gives House and Senate Republicans the opportunity to pursue an aggressive legislative agenda if they can find common ground. That prospect should be heightened by installing colleagues like Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama and two fellow Republicans, Representatives Mick Mulvaney of South Carolina and Tom Price of Georgia, at the highest levels of the administration. Mr. Sessions is Mr. Trump’s nominee for attorney general while Mr. Mulvaney has been tapped to run the White House Office of Management and Budget and Mr. Price to head the Department of Health and Human Services.
Mr. McConnell looms as potentially the president’s most important ally in Congress because success in the Senate is central to any legislative victory.
But Republicans have not even started on the legislative end of the new Congress. Now their job is going to be made more difficult by the increasingly hard line that Democrats are taking against Mr. Trump by opposing his cabinet nominees en masse. Mr. McConnell’s frustration at Democratic tactics boiled over Tuesday evening when he invoked a rarely used Senate rule to force Senator Elizabeth Warren, Democrat of Massachusetts, to end a speech on the grounds she was impugning the integrity of Mr. Sessions, a fellow senator, by criticizing his record on civil rights.
“It is a superficially poisonous atmosphere, not a fundamentally poisonous atmosphere,” Mr. McConnell said.
Still, he noted that Republicans could do much of their preliminary work in the Senate just by relying on their party’s 51 votes there as they take up health care, tax changes and nominations, and could try to work out the differences with Democrats later.
“Sooner or later we will get around to things that will require some level of cooperation,” Mr. McConnell said. “Hopefully there will be a kind of dysfunction fatigue. I think it will set in way before then.”
His point raises a question: Will that same passage of time produce a kind of Trump fatigue among the now-satisfied congressional Republicans?



ARTICLE
■ A vote on Jeff Sessions’s nomination as attorney general is expected on Wednesday.
■ A proposed Senate bill would require congressional approval to lift sanctions on Russia.
■ Vice President Mike Pence will attend a Republican Jewish Coalition meeting in Las Vegas.
Mr. Trump on Wednesday lashed out at Nordstrom for dropping his daughter Ivanka’s clothing and accessories line, once again raising questions about the tangled relationship between the president and his family’s business interests.
The president has been criticized for singling out other companies for criticism, like Boeing and Lockheed Martin, prompting gyrations in their stock prices, but those controversies had to do with government contracts, not his family’s own fortunes.
Nordstrom, the department store chain, said on Friday that it was dropping the Ivanka Trump line, a decision it said was based on sales performance. A campaign, using the hashtag #GrabYourWallet, which has encouraged shoppers to boycott products with ties to Mr. Trump, his family and his donors, called the Nordstrom announcement a victory.
It was not clear what prompted the president to criticize the company five days later. As Mr. Trump has noted several times, federal conflict-of-interest laws apply to other officials, but not to the president.
Nordstrom’s stock dropped briefly after the president’s Twitter post, then rose again.
Mr. Trump’s blast at the company came two days after his wife, Melania, filed a libel lawsuit describing her “multiyear term” as “one of the most photographed women in the world” — an apparent reference to her status as a candidate’s wife and now first lady — as a lucrative business opportunity.
A day after her narrow confirmation as education secretary, Betsy DeVos toured the department she now leads and delivered a speech to staff members and reporters.
She began with a joke: “This confirmation process and the drama it engendered have been a bit of a bear,” she said, a reference to her much-lampooned comment during her Senate hearing that schools might need guns to protect students from “grizzlies.”
“We’ve just come through one of the most bruising, divisive elections in modern times, and that’s O.K.,” she said. “All of us here can help bring unity by personally committing to being more open to and patient toward views different from our own.”
In her speech, she did not mention some of the issues that had made her such a contentious nominee, like her support of private school vouchers and charter schools. But while she had seemed unfamiliar in her Senate hearing with basic education terms and policies, such as the requirements of the Individuals With Disabilities Education Act, on Wednesday Ms. DeVos went out of her way to promise to serve “special-needs students and families to whom we owe our full support,” as well as “students who may be struggling” and “hardworking teachers who may feel stifled.”
She continued, “I pledge to listen and learn from you, and from stakeholders around our country.”
Capping a strikingly contentious confirmation process, the Senate is expected to vote as soon as Wednesday evening on the nomination of Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama to be attorney general.
Senators usually show a great deal of deference when one of their own is nominated for a cabinet post. But Democrats have sharply criticized over his background on civil rights and his stances on voter access and immigration.
After Mr. Sessions’s nomination cleared a procedural hurdle on Tuesday in the Senate, Democrats took to the floor to reiterate their opposition to the senator during the final hourslong debate.
Senator Elizabeth Warren, Democrat of Massachusetts, wrote those Twitter posts after being halted by the majority leader, Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, as she tried to read on the floor a 1986 letter by Coretta Scott King opposing Mr. Sessions’s nomination for a judgeship.
Mr. McConnell, in a rare step, said Ms. Warren had breached Senate rules by impugning the character of Mr. Sessions. The Senate then voted, along party lines, to bar Ms. Warren from speaking again during the debate.
In the end, though, Democrats can do little more than raise their voices. None of the 52 Republicans have said they would vote against Mr. Sessions, and he needs only a simple majority to win confirmation.
In a bit of procedural strategy, Republican leaders held off on Mr. Sessions’s vote until after confirming Betsy DeVos, President Trump’s education secretary. With Mr. Sessions still in the Senate, Republicans had just enough votes to push her to confirmation.
A day after a federal appeals court panel voiced skepticism over his targeted travel ban, Mr. Trump seemed to acknowledge on Wednesday the possibility that he could lose the case.
But to lose the normal way, on the merits? The president sees other forces at play.
Later in the morning, Mr. Trump resumed that theme at a gathering of sheriffs and police chiefs. “I don’t ever want to call a court biased, so I won’t call it biased,” he said. “But courts seem to be so political.” He also called the appeals court hearing “disgraceful.”
With that, Mr. Trump kept up his efforts to call into question the independence of the judiciary — a cornerstone of American democracy. A few days ago, he referred to the district court judge in the travel ban case as a “so-called judge.” And before that, he doubted that the judge in a Trump University case could be impartial because of his Mexican heritage.
The president has been pre-emptively blaming judges for any terrorist attack that might happen during the travel ban suspension. On Sunday, he attacked the district court judge who blocked his immigration order, James Robart of Seattle. “If something happens,” Mr. Trump wrote on Twitter, “blame him and court system.”
On Wednesday afternoon, Mr. Trump was back on Twitter, claiming that foreigners were flowing into the United States from “certain areas.”
A bipartisan group of senators is expected to introduce legislation on Wednesday that would require congressional approval for Mr. Trump to lift sanctions on Russia, according to two Senate aides.
The group is expected to include six senators: Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, John McCain of Arizona and Marco Rubio of Florida, all Republicans; and Benjamin L. Cardin of Maryland, Sherrod Brown of Ohio and Claire McCaskill of Missouri, all Democrats.
The effort comes amid longstanding worries on Capitol Hill that the Trump administration might be too dovish on Russia, which intelligence officials say intervened in the election in an effort to help Mr. Trump. Last week, the president seemed to defend the reputation of President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia by asking an interviewer, “You think our country’s so innocent?”
The vice president will attend a Republican Jewish Coalition gathering in Las Vegas at the end of the month, according to a notice from the group sent to prospective attendees.
Las Vegas is home to one of the group’s biggest donors, the casino magnate Sheldon G. Adelson.
Mr. Pence’s trip will come a few weeks after the Trump administration issued a muted statement about Israeli settlements, calling for immediate curbs on construction but also signaling a shift away from the Obama administration’s rejection of all settlement activity. It will also come after the president’s promise to immediately move the American Embassy to Jerusalem has been delayed.
It seems that no mission is too impossible for Jim Mattis to take on. During a recent trip to Asia, Mr. Mattis, the defense secretary, succeeded in shoring up connections with South Korea and Japan despite Mr. Trump’s campaign talk about pulling back from the United States’ security commitments in the region.
On Tuesday, Mr. Mattis made an effort to salvage relations with Mexico, at least in the area of military cooperation.
According to a statement issued Tuesday night by the Pentagon, Mr. Mattis spoke by phone with two of his Mexican counterparts: Gen. Salvador Cienfuegos Zepeda, the secretary of national defense, and Adm. Vidal Francisco Soberón Sanz, the secretary of the navy. Mr. Mattis talked about the need to strengthen military connections between the two countries, and “lauded Mexico’s growing leadership in the region,” the Pentagon said.
The statement did not say when Mr. Mattis might be visiting the country, but it noted that Mexico was planning to host the Conference of Defense Ministers of the Americas in 2018. No word if Mr. Trump’s wall will be built by then.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Republican senators voted on Tuesday to formally silence a Democratic colleague for impugning a peer, Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama, by condemning his nomination for attorney general while reading a letter from Coretta Scott King.
Senator Elizabeth Warren, Democrat of Massachusetts, had been holding forth on the Senate floor on the eve of Mr. Sessions’s expected confirmation vote, reciting a 1986 letter from Mrs. King that criticized Mr. Sessions’s record on civil rights.
Sensing a stirring beside her a short while later, Ms. Warren stopped herself and scanned the chamber.
Across the room, Senator Mitch McConnell, the majority leader, had stepped forward with an objection, setting off an extraordinary confrontation in the Capitol and silencing a colleague, procedurally, in the throes of a contentious debate over President Trump’s cabinet nominee.
“The senator has impugned the motives and conduct of our colleague from Alabama, as warned by the chair,” Mr. McConnell began, alluding to Mrs. King’s letter, which accused Mr. Sessions of using “the awesome power of his office to chill the free exercise of the vote by black citizens.”
Mr. McConnell called the Senate to order under what is known as Rule XIX, which prohibits debating senators from ascribing “to another senator or to other senators any conduct or motive unworthy or unbecoming a senator.”
When Mr. McConnell concluded, Ms. Warren said she was “surprised that the words of Coretta Scott King are not suitable for debate in the United States Senate.” She asked to continue her remarks.
Mr. McConnell objected.
“Objection is heard,” said Senator Steve Daines, Republican of Montana, who was presiding in the chamber at the time. “The senator will take her seat.”
The debate appeared to center, in part, on whether the rule allowed exemptions for quoted remarks — Ms. Warren had been reading directly from the letter from Mrs. King, the widow of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. — to demean a sitting senator.
In a party-line vote, 49 to 43, senators upheld Mr. Daines’s decision, forcing Ms. Warren into silence, at least on the Senate floor, until the showdown over Mr. Sessions’s nomination is complete. He is expected to be confirmed on Wednesday.
Immediately, Democrats took up Ms. Warren’s cause, urging on social media for Republicans to “#LetLizSpeak.” Ms. Warren said on Twitter that Mr. McConnell had “silenced Mrs. King’s voice” on the Senate floor, to say nothing of “millions who are afraid & appalled by what’s happening in our country.” Within hours of being shut down on the Senate floor, Ms. Warren read the letter from Mrs. King on Facebook, attracting more than two million views — an audience she would have been unlikely to match on C-Span, if she had been permitted to continue speaking in the chamber.
Democrats argued that Mr. McConnell was enforcing the rule selectively, citing examples of Republicans appearing to test the boundaries of Rule XIX. In one instance from 2015, Senator Ted Cruz of Texas accused Mr. McConnell of lying “over and over and over again.” In another, last year, Senator Tom Cotton of Arkansas described the “cancerous leadership” of Senator Harry Reid, the former Democratic leader.
Republicans accused Ms. Warren of violating the rule repeatedly, saying she had been warned before Mr. McConnell’s objection. Senator John Cornyn, Republican of Texas, suggested that Ms. Warren had been rebuked over “a quotation from Senator Ted Kennedy that called the nominee a disgrace to the Justice Department.”
“Our colleagues want to try to make this all about Coretta Scott King, and it is not,” he said.
But when Senator Chuck Schumer, the Democratic leader, sought clarification, he was informed that while a warning was issued over the letter from Mr. Kennedy, the ruling itself hinged on Mrs. King’s letter. That judgment came from Senator Mike Rounds, Republican of South Dakota, who had taken over as the presiding officer.
In either event, Republicans suggested, the episode spoke to Democrats’ inability to accept the results of the 2016 election — and, more narrowly, to adhere to the rules of a body where decorum has often fallen away.
“She was warned,” Mr. McConnell said of Ms. Warren. “She was given an explanation. Nevertheless, she persisted.”
Democrats planned to hold the floor into the wee hours of Wednesday to protest Mr. Sessions’s nomination.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump opened his remarks at MacDill Air Force Base on Monday with a campaign-style celebration of his election victory, citing polls that indicated he had won the votes of a large percentage of the military.
“We had a wonderful election, didn’t we?” he proclaimed to an auditorium packed with officers and troops. “And I saw those numbers, and you liked me and I liked you. That’s the way it worked.”
A day later, defense policy experts — and retired officers, who are free to speak publicly about their concerns — complained that the new commander in chief had sent the wrong signal to the military, which is sworn to faithfully carry out the lawful orders of the president, regardless of party, and is supposed to stay above the political fray.
“When President Trump suggested that it was good to support him and said he was so thankful for the support of the military, it showed that he doesn’t understand what the military in a freely elected democracy is supposed to be doing,” said Mark Hertling, a retired Army lieutenant general.
“The military takes an oath to defend the Constitution, not certain politicians,” he added.
There is no debate that MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa, Fla., home of the military’s Central Command and its Special Operations Command, was a fitting place for Mr. Trump to visit. Those commands bear most of the responsibility for carrying out the campaign against the Islamic State, the militant group that Mr. Trump has vowed to destroy.
Mr. Trump’s decision to visit the base so early in his presidency was “a very big deal,” Gen. Joseph L. Votel, the head of the Central Command, said as he introduced the president, who was greeted by applause from approximately 300 service members wearing fatigues.
But the president also used the occasion to promote his nomination of Neil M. Gorsuch for the Supreme Court, to accuse the news media of underplaying terrorist attacks, to praise Rick Scott, the Florida governor, and to send an unsubtle message about the benefits of having supported his presidential campaign.
“If they don’t endorse, believe me, if you’re ever in this position, it’s never quite the same, O.K.,” Mr. Trump said. “You can talk, but it never means the same.”
As for the military, Mr. Trump’s comments suggested that he saw service members as another constituency: Like factory workers, farmers and coal miners, they seemed to be cast as an interest group to be wooed. MacDill, Mr. Trump said, was “quite a place, and we’re going to be loading it up with beautiful new planes and beautiful new equipment.”
Mr. Trump’s overt partisanship before an audience of armed forces personnel runs against a decades-long legacy of civilians who have guided the military in keeping with a president’s policies, while maintaining a distance from overt presidential politics.
“Many presidents pander to the military and through it to voters who focus on national defense,” said Richard H. Kohn, an expert on civil-military relations and professor emeritus at the University of North Carolina. “But leading off with the election, attacking the press and talking about endorsements is a clear attempt to politicize the military and invite their partisanship. In rhetoric and style, his words mimicked a campaign rally.”
George C. Marshall, the five-star general who also led the State Department and the Pentagon, once observed that he was so determined to avoid the appearance of being political that he did not vote. That legacy has continued, and is honored by a number of military officers who have pinned stars on their shoulders.
During the election season, there was considerable debate about whether it was appropriate for retired generals like Michael T. Flynn (for Mr. Trump) or John R. Allen (for Hillary Clinton) to endorse candidates. But there was no question that active-duty officers were to stay far away from politics.
Gen. David L. Goldfein, the Air Force chief of staff, told reporters on Tuesday that military leaders had an obligation to “speak truth to power regardless of party.” He declined to comment on Mr. Trump’s remarks.
Peter D. Feaver, a political science professor at Duke University who served on the staff of the National Security Council under Presidents George W. Bush and Bill Clinton, said that Mr. Trump was right to try to build a relationship with the military he now commands. But he said it was a mistake for the president to speculate about its voting behavior.
“The military, the intelligence community and the foreign service jealously guard their professional identity of being nonpartisan and apolitical,” Mr. Feaver said. “Thus it is counterproductive to try to connect with them by appealing to a supposed partisan identity.”
Mr. Trump’s trip to MacDill follows similar appearances at the Pentagon and the C.I.A., both of which the president used as a backdrop for comments that veered into politics
With Defense Secretary Jim Mattis at this side, Mr. Trump signed an executive order last month restricting immigration from seven predominantly Muslim countries. The signing was conducted in the Pentagon’s Hall of Heroes, which is dedicated to the more than 3,460 recipients of the Medal of Honor, the military’s highest decoration. Mr. Mattis did not know that the order was to be signed until shortly before that event, and he had no input in its formulation.
“This is part of a pattern,” said Andrew Exum, a former Army Ranger officer who held a senior policy position in the Defense Department on Middle East issues during the Obama administration. “Whether it is the Memorial Wall at the C.I.A., or the Hall of Heroes at the Pentagon, he is using institutions that have previously been walled off from politics to generate political support for some of his more contentious policies.”
“If the military is seen as a Donald Trump institution, that’s dangerous as well,” Mr. Exum added. “It could create the impression among young Americans that the military is a political institution.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Margaret Thatcher famously declared that “we must try to find ways to starve the terrorist and the hijacker of the oxygen of publicity on which they depend.”
In a speech 32 years ago, Mrs. Thatcher, the British prime minister facing a threat from the Irish Republican Army, said she was not calling for censorship but proposing that “a voluntary code of conduct” for journalists might keep them from aiding “the terrorists’ morale or their cause.”
It was a high-profile statement of a familiar point, one made repeatedly in the decades since: that the news media plays a crucial role in amplifying the effect of terrorist violence and giving it exactly the political import the terrorists crave.
So for some experts who study terrorism, President Trump’s assertion this week that the news media has actually been ignoring and covering up terrorist attacks came as a surprise.
“It’s totally astonishing,” said Martha Crenshaw, a Stanford scholar who has written on terrorism since the 1970s. “It has no basis in fact whatsoever. The criticism has always gone the other way.”
Other experts said Mr. Trump’s claim had less to do with the facts about terrorism coverage than with the new administration’s political goals, notably defending his executive order that temporarily bans refugees and visitors from some Muslim countries. In the face of the onslaught of legal challenges and outspoken opposition to the order, they said, the president has an interest in persuading Americans that the terrorist threat from abroad is worse than the news media has revealed.
Years of books and articles critiquing the “symbiosis” of terrorism and news media coverage have pointed out that terrorists usually seek to promote a political or ideological cause and use spectacular violence with the specific goal of attracting attention.
News executives, while sometimes expressing mixed feelings about giving terrorists what they seek, have generally felt obligated to give such attacks ample coverage.
“It’s incredible to say that the media does not give enough attention to terrorism,” said David C. Rapoport, a retired U.C.L.A. political science professor considered a founder of terrorism studies. He said modern global terrorism arose in the 1880s in Russia in parallel with, and partly owing to, the rise of mass daily newspapers.
In the United States since the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, even failed terrorist plots often have drawn saturation coverage — think of the fizzled so-called underwear bomb on a Detroit-bound airliner on Christmas Day 2009 or the S.U.V. jury-rigged to blow up that produced only smoke in Times Square on a May night in 2010. Though no target was harmed, both attempts drew mountains of coverage, much of it focused on how terrorists went undetected.
But in an appearance Monday at MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa, Fla., Mr. Trump reviewed the horrors of more recent attacks, including those inspired or directed by the Islamic State, and pronounced the coverage inadequate.
“Radical Islamic terrorists are determined to strike our homeland as they did on 9/11, as they did from Boston to Orlando to San Bernardino,” he said at the headquarters of Central Command, which carries out military operations in the Middle East. “All over Europe it’s happening. It’s gotten to a point where it’s not even being reported and, in many cases, the very, very dishonest press doesn’t want to report it. They have their reasons, and you understand that.”
The president did not explain the reasons he believed journalists might have for not reporting Islamist terrorism. But in response to a wave of skeptical comment, the White House on Monday night released a list of 78 attacks around the world since September 2014.
“Most have not received the media attention they deserved,” the accompanying statement said.
Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, stood by the point on Tuesday, though adjusting the language. “It’s becoming too often that we’re seeing these attacks not get the spectacular attention that they deserve,” he said. “And I think it undermines the understanding of the threat that we face around this country.”
It was a subjective judgment; only a dozen of the 78 listed attacks occurred in the United States, and most resulted in few or no deaths, reducing their prominence in American news reports. The list omitted terrorist attacks by non-Muslims, including white supremacists like Dylann S. Roof, who killed nine African-Americans at a Charleston, S.C., church in 2015.
But news databases show virtually all 78 attacks got some coverage, and the big attacks in Paris; Brussels; Boston; San Bernardino, Calif.; and Orlando, Fla., played out for days or weeks on cable television and news sites.
Peter D. Feaver, a political scientist at Duke who studies public opinion on national security issues, said he saw no basis for the White House claims. “I don’t think there’s evidence of the press underreporting terrorism,” he said. “The corporate incentives run the other way.”
But Mr. Feaver, who served in the George W. Bush White House but publicly opposed Mr. Trump during the presidential campaign, said the president’s remarks, if not literally true, nonetheless play out in a larger, partisan debate about terrorism.
Democrats sometimes accused the Bush administration of exaggerating the terrorist threat. Republicans often charged President Barack Obama of minimizing the danger and embellishing his own successes against Al Qaeda.
By suggesting that the news media is hiding the truth about the menace from “radical Islamic terrorists,” Mr. Trump may rally his base behind the executive order and other measures still to come.
Mr. Spicer suggested as much, saying the executive order and the president’s remarks in Tampa have the same motive: “because he cares about making sure that we don’t have attacks in this country, that we’re protected.” Mr. Trump wants Americans, he said, to “understand the unwavering commitment that the president has and the actions that he will take to keep the country safe.”
Preventing terrorist attacks is, of course, a goal that is pretty much universally shared. But Mr. Trump’s loose relationship with facts, and his eagerness to fault journalists and judges, make some think he has a less lofty goal as well: to find scapegoats for terrorist attacks that sooner or later are certain to happen.
“Pre-emptive blame,” said Ms. Crenshaw, the Stanford terrorism researcher. “Nothing’s happened. But if something does happen, he can blame the judiciary and the news media.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — A Justice Department lawyer on Tuesday said courts should not second-guess President Trump’s targeted travel ban, drawing skepticism from a three-judge federal appeals panel weighing the limits of executive authority in cases of national security.
But even August E. Flentje, the Justice Department’s lawyer, sensed he was not gaining ground with that line of argument. “I’m not sure I’m convincing the court,” Mr. Flentje said.
It was a lively but technical hearing on an issue that has gripped much of the country’s attention — and that of foreign allies and Middle East nations — for the past week. Issued without warning on Jan. 27, just a week after Mr. Trump took office, the executive order disrupted travel and drew protests at the nation’s airports by suspending entry for people from seven predominantly Muslim countries and limiting the nation’s refugee program.
No matter how the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit rules — in a decision that is expected within days — an appeal to the United States Supreme Court is likely. That court remains short-handed and could deadlock. A 4-to-4 tie in the Supreme Court would leave the appeals court’s ruling in place.
The appeals court judges sometimes seemed taken aback by the assertiveness of the administration’s position, which in places came close to saying the court was without power to make judgments about Mr. Trump’s actions.
“This is a traditional national security judgment that is assigned to the political branches,” Mr. Flentje said.
“Are you arguing, then, that the president’s decision in that regard is unreviewable?” Judge Michelle T. Friedland asked a few minutes later.
Mr. Flentje paused. Then he said yes.
“There are obviously constitutional limitations, but we’re discussing the risk assessment,” he said.
Judge Friedland asked what those limitations were, and Mr. Flentje did not provide a direct answer.
Several courts around the nation have blocked aspects of Mr. Trump’s order, but the broadest ruling was the one at issue in Tuesday’s arguments in front of the Ninth Circuit. The panel was considering an earlier ruling by Judge James L. Robart of the Federal District Court in Seattle, which allowed previously barred travelers and immigrants to enter the country.
Judge William C. Canby Jr., appointed by President Jimmy Carter, asked Mr. Flentje a hypothetical question meant to probe the limits of his position. “Could the president simply say in the order, ‘We’re not going to let any Muslims in?’”
Mr. Flentje said the two states that have sued over Mr. Trump’s executive order, Washington and Minnesota, would be powerless to challenge that scenario. He said other plaintiffs might be able to sue on religious discrimination grounds.
Noah G. Purcell, Washington State’s solicitor general, fared little better in fending off questions from Judge Richard R. Clifton, appointed by President George W. Bush. Judge Clifton said the states’ evidence of religious discrimination was thin, adding that “the concern for terrorism with those connected with radical Islamic sects is kind of hard to deny.”
Judge Friedland, who was appointed by President Barack Obama, did not seem persuaded that immediate suspension of travel from the seven countries was necessary.
“Has the government pointed to any evidence connecting these countries with terrorism?” she asked Mr. Flentje.
He responded that the government had not had an opportunity to present evidence in court given the pace of the litigation. “These proceedings have been moving quite fast, and we’re doing the best we can,” Mr. Flentje said.
With that, Judge Friedland said, the government’s appeal may be premature.
The case, State of Washington v. Trump, is in its earliest stages, and the question for the appeals court on Tuesday was a narrow one: Should it stay Judge Robart’s temporary restraining order and reinstate the travel ban while the case proceeds?
The argument, which lasted about an hour, was conducted over the telephone and was streamed live on the appeals court’s website. In a media advisory issued before the argument, the court said that “a ruling was not expected to come down today, but probably this week.”
Mr. Flentje said the travel ban was well within Mr. Trump’s legal authority. A federal statute specifically gave presidents the power to deny entry to people whose presence would be “detrimental to the interests of the United States,” he said.
He added that the court should not question Mr. Trump’s motives, and should confine itself instead to “the four corners of the document.” He said the executive order did not, on its face, discriminate on the basis of religion.
Mr. Purcell, the lawyer for Washington State, responded that the underlying purpose of the executive order was religious discrimination. As a candidate, Mr. Purcell said, Mr. Trump had “called for a complete ban on the entry of Muslims.”
More recently, Mr. Trump has said he meant to favor Christian refugees. “The court can look behind the motives,” Mr. Purcell said.
As he closed his argument, Mr. Flentje, perhaps sensing that he was unlikely to achieve a complete victory, offered the court a middle ground. He asked, at a minimum, for the court to reinstate a part of the ban against people who have never been in the United States, calling this a “really key point.”
Reading from a brief, he conceded that those who could be allowed entry are “previously admitted aliens who are temporarily abroad now or who wish to travel and return to the United States in the future.”
Judge Clifton said that the administration might be in a better position to narrow its executive order. “Why shouldn’t we look to the executive branch to more clearly define what the order means?” he asked.
Mr. Purcell also said that it was hard to tell precisely what distinctions the government meant to draw. “They’ve changed their mind about five times” since the executive order was issued, he said.
Judge Friedland said that if the executive order violated the Constitution’s ban on government establishment of religion, the court could block it completely.
But Judge Clifton said that only a small fraction of the world’s Muslims were affected by the order, suggesting that he was unconvinced that its effect was religious discrimination.
Mr. Purcell responded that “we do not need to prove that this order harms only Muslims, or that it harms every Muslim.”
“We just need to prove that it was motivated in part by a desire to harm Muslims,” he said.
The judges also questioned whether the two states that brought the challenge had suffered the sort of direct and concrete harm that gave them standing to sue.
The Supreme Court has said that states suing the federal government to defend their interests are entitled to “special solicitude in our standing analysis.” In 2015, an appeals court ruled that Texas had standing to sue the Obama administration to challenge an immigration initiative.
But the case did not seem likely to stall on the threshold issue of standing. Judge Canby appeared to indicate that the harm to state universities was enough to establish standing.
Nor were the judges much interested in another technical question pressed by Mr. Purcell.
Judge Robart issued a temporary restraining order, an interim measure, and Mr. Purcell argued that it was not subject to appeal. In court papers, the Justice Department argued that the order amounted to a preliminary injunction, which can be appealed.
Proceedings before Judge Robart are continuing. On Tuesday, he asked for briefs on the question of whether he should issue a preliminary injunction.
At the close of the appeals court argument, Judge Friedland said she and her colleagues “appreciate the importance and the time-sensitive nature of this matter.” She said the court would rule “as soon as possible.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Ever since Democrats began pushing the Affordable Care Act through Congress more than seven years ago, Republicans have been trying to come up with an alternative. Candid conversations leaked from a conclave of Republican lawmakers in Philadelphia last month, and public comments since, show they are nowhere near agreement.
The leaked audio recordings revealed that Republicans recognize the technical complexity and political difficulty of the task they have set for themselves: repealing the law known as Obamacare and replacing it with a new plan that, in the words of President Trump, provides “better health care for more people at a lesser cost.”
What follows is a summary of the thorny questions with which Republicans in Congress are struggling. These are not just academic quandaries. People’s lives could depend on the answers. And time is short. Insurance companies have about three months to decide what kinds of health plans, if any, they will sell to the public in 2018.
Many of the choices facing Republicans are variations of a fundamental question: how much of the Affordable Care Act to keep, and how much to discard?
More than half of the 20 million people who gained coverage through the Affordable Care Act did so through Medicaid, the federal-state program for low-income people. Medicaid, begun as an adjunct to the main cash welfare program a half-century ago, has gradually become a pillar of the American health care system, covering more than 70 million people and financing more than 40 percent of all births.
The 2010 health care law, as written by Democrats, required all states to expand Medicaid eligibility. But the Supreme Court said that requirement violated the Constitution by placing “a gun to the head” of states. So the expansion became voluntary.
To date, 31 states have expanded Medicaid, and 19, including Florida and Texas, have not. The federal government pays at least 90 percent of the costs for newly eligible beneficiaries. Governors who supported the expansion of Medicaid eligibility, including Republicans like John R. Kasich of Ohio, Rick Snyder of Michigan and Brian Sandoval of Nevada, want to keep it. That would be impossible if congressional Republicans repeal this part of the law, as they tried to do in a budget bill that was vetoed by President Barack Obama last year.
Many who gained coverage under Medicaid are poor adults who were not previously eligible. Republicans in Congress have not decided whether to let states continue such coverage. Nor have lawmakers decided whether additional states will be allowed to expand eligibility, with the same generous contribution of federal funds.
Medicaid is now an open-ended entitlement. Anyone who meets federal and state eligibility criteria is entitled to benefits.
Many Republicans in Congress, including Speaker Paul D. Ryan, would like to roll back the expansion of Medicaid and give each state a fixed amount of money for each beneficiary or a lump sum for all of a state’s Medicaid program — a block grant. Under such proposals, states would have more freedom to set benefits and program rules, but the federal government would probably cut Medicaid spending compared with the amounts projected under current law.
“Governors should be exceedingly wary of block grants” for the Medicaid program, said former Gov. Steven L. Beshear of Kentucky, a Democrat. If Congress gives states more discretion but less money, he said, “governors will have to use their enhanced flexibility to make impossible choices — which individuals to cut from the program, or which benefits to eliminate.”
One of the more popular provisions of the Affordable Care Act prohibits insurers from denying coverage or charging higher premiums because a person has a pre-existing condition like cancer, heart disease, diabetes or AIDS. President Trump has said he would like to keep this provision. Many Republicans in Congress agree, but the version they propose is, in some ways, different from the existing law.
Congressional Republicans would provide some protection against discrimination based on pre-existing conditions. To obtain full protection, consumers would need to maintain “continuous coverage.” Under some Republican proposals, consumers with chronic illnesses could be charged higher premiums if they had a significant break in coverage lasting, say, more than nine or 10 weeks.
Republicans say this more limited form of protection would provide an incentive for consumers to obtain and maintain coverage. But Democrats say it is unfair because people have gaps in coverage for many legitimate reasons, and they may be unable to pay the premiums needed to maintain it.
Dr. J. Leonard Lichtenfeld, deputy chief medical officer at the American Cancer Society, said: “Research suggests that between 40 percent and 85 percent of cancer patients stop working while receiving cancer treatment, with absences from work ranging from 45 days to six months depending on the treatment. Sometimes they lose their jobs and their employer-sponsored coverage.”
In such cases, he said, patients could be charged “a premium they cannot afford.”
Representative Greg Walden, Republican of Oregon and chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, is drafting a bill to encourage continuous coverage, but said he wanted to make sure that people with pre-existing conditions would always have access to care.
“I’ve seen cancer up close,” Mr. Walden said. “My mother died of ovarian cancer, my sister-in-law of brain cancer.”
One of the biggest questions dividing Republicans is what to do about the taxes and tax increases adopted as part of the Affordable Care Act to help pay for the coverage of millions of low- and moderate-income people.
The new revenue comes from taxes and fees imposed on consumers who go without health insurance; high-income taxpayers; manufacturers of brand-name prescription drugs; makers of certain medical devices; and insurance companies. In addition to an annual fee on insurers, the law imposes a tax on high-cost employer-sponsored health coverage, the “Cadillac tax” opposed by labor unions and employers.
Some Republicans, like Senator Bill Cassidy of Louisiana, say the government should keep some of the revenue collected under the Affordable Care Act to help pay for a replacement plan.
By contrast, House Republican leaders and some Republican senators want to eliminate most or all of the taxes. “After spending seven years talking about the harm being caused by these taxes, it’s difficult to switch gears now and decide that they’re fine, so long as they’re being used to pay for our health care bill,” said Senator Orrin G. Hatch of Utah, chairman of the Finance Committee.
“All of the Obamacare taxes need to go as part of the repeal process,” Mr. Hatch said.
Republicans are also divided over a proposal to limit the value of health benefits that employers can provide to employees tax-free. Under current law, employees do not have to pay federal income tax on contributions that employers make to their health insurance. House Republicans say this tax break amounts to an open-ended subsidy for employer-sponsored insurance, encouraging employers and employees to choose more expensive coverage than they otherwise would.
Mr. Ryan reaffirmed his support for limiting the tax break last week, but said that whether Congress would approve the change “was an open question.”
Several other questions vex Republicans as they try to write a replacement. How will they ensure a smooth transition to the market-oriented health care system they want to create? How much time should elapse between the passage of a repeal bill and its effective date?
If the federal government spends tens of billions of dollars to subsidize the purchase of health insurance, will it set standards for that insurance? Will it still require insurers to cover maternity care, mental health services and treatment for drug abuse?
Should Congress cut off funds for Planned Parenthood clinics, which receive Medicaid money for birth control, cancer screenings, treatment of sexually transmitted diseases and many other services? Mr. Ryan has said that federal funds for Planned Parenthood would be cut off in a repeal, but some Republicans say that would be a political mistake.



ARTICLE
For anyone wondering how former President Barack Obama is adjusting to life under the Trump administration, know this: He seems to be doing just fine.
Mr. Obama and his wife, Michelle Obama, took a vacation to the British Virgin Islands, where they have been hosted by Richard Branson, the chief executive of the Virgin Group.
On Tuesday, Mr. Branson published a blog post, along with photos and video, showing Mr. Obama learning to kitesurf.
Yes, he seems to be doing just fine.
Mr. Branson wrote that Mr. Obama spent two days learning how to stay afloat and navigate kitesurfing.
“Being the former president of America, there was lots of security around, but Barack was able to really relax and get into it,” Mr. Branson wrote.
While Mr. Obama was enjoying the wind and the waves, his vice president, Joseph R. Biden Jr., announced details of his post-presidency work.
Mr. Biden will lead the University of Pennsylvania’s Penn Biden Center for Diplomacy and Global Engagement, a new effort “focused principally on diplomacy, foreign policy and national security,” the university  announced on Tuesday.
Mr. Biden said in a statement: “The Penn Biden Center and I will be engaging with Penn’s wonderful students while partnering with its eminent faculty and global centers to convene world leaders, develop and advance smart policy, and impact the national debate about how America can continue to lead in the 21st Century.”
The center will be in Washington, but Mr. Biden will also have an office on the campus of the University of Pennsylvania, which is a short Amtrak ride away in Philadelphia. The campus is also a fairly short trip from Delaware, where Mr. Biden served as a senator for 36 years and where he maintains deep roots.
He will also be working with the University of Delaware, his alma mater. The university announced on Tuesday that Mr. Biden would be the founding chairman of the Biden Institute, which it described as “a new research and policy center focused on developing public policy solutions on issues ranging from economic reform and environmental sustainability to civil rights, criminal justice, women’s rights and more.”
The former vice president and his wife, Jill Biden, intend to split time between a lakeside home in Greenville, Del., a Wilmington suburb, and a home in Washington. Dr. Biden plans to continue teaching English at a community college in Northern Virginia.
The couple previously announced the creation of the Biden Foundation as a platform to advance priorities like military families, preventing violence against women and a “moonshot” to cure cancer.



ARTICLE
A lawsuit filed by Melania Trump depicts her heightened profile as a “unique, once-in-a-lifetime opportunity” to make millions of dollars in business, once again raising questions about the relationship between President Trump’s official role and his family’s business interests.
Mrs. Trump’s suit, filed on Monday in a New York State court, accuses The Daily Mail, a British tabloid, of libel for reporting last year on claims that a modeling agency she worked for in the 1990s was also an escort service.
The new complaint does not refer explicitly to the White House or Mr. Trump, or even her status as a candidate’s wife when the article was published and now as first lady. Instead, it refers to opportunities she had “to launch a broad-based commercial brand in multiple product categories, each of which could have garnered multimillion dollar business relationships for a multiyear term during which plaintiff is one of the most photographed women in the world.”
Because of the Daily Mail article, it says, “plaintiff’s brand has lost significant value,” greatly reducing those opportunities. It claims $150 million in damages.
A spokeswoman for Mrs. Trump said she was not trying to make money from her role as first lady.
Mr. Trump has fended off criticism that his business dealings around the world create conflicts of interest in his official role, and he has put his adult sons in charge of his businesses rather than sell his assets or put them into a blind trust. On the day he took office, the White House altered its online biography of Mrs. Trump, after complaints that the original wording promoted her line of jewelry.
The Daily Mail published its article on Mrs. Trump on Aug. 20, quoting from a report in a magazine in Slovenia, Mrs. Trump’s native country, and a book about her. She and her representatives have insisted that the claims it repeated are false.
On Sept. 1, Mrs. Trump sued The Daily Mail in a state court in Montgomery County, Md., and on the same day, the tabloid published a retraction. Last week, the Maryland court dismissed the case, saying it did not have jurisdiction. The new case against Mail Media, a corporation that operates the Daily Mail’s website, was filed in State Supreme Court in Manhattan, where the company has offices.
Mrs. Trump also sued a Maryland blogger, Webster Tarpley, who published claims like those cited by The Daily Mail. She settled that case on Tuesday, and her lawyer, Charles J. Harder, said in a statement that Mr. Tarpley had agreed to pay Mrs. Trump “a substantial sum as a settlement.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The federal appeals court in San Francisco will hear arguments on Tuesday in a challenge to President Trump’s targeted travel ban. Here’s what you need to know.
The court has scheduled an hour of arguments to start at 3 p.m. Pacific time. The arguments will take place by telephone, probably because the judges and lawyers are scattered around the country. The court will stream the audio live on its website.
The Justice Department is seeking an emergency stay of a trial judge’s ruling that blocks Mr. Trump’s executive order. The order suspended travel from seven mostly Muslim countries and limited the nation’s refugee program. The ruling, issued Friday by Judge James Robart of the Federal District Court in Seattle, has allowed previously barred travelers and immigrants to enter the country.
The case was brought by Washington State, which was quickly joined by Minnesota.
The case will be heard by Judge William C. Canby Jr., who was appointed by President Jimmy Carter and is based in Phoenix; Judge Michelle T. Friedland, who was appointed by President Barack Obama and is based in San Francisco; and Judge Richard R. Clifton, who was appointed by President George W. Bush and is based in Honolulu.
Each side has 30 minutes. A lawyer for the federal government will go first, followed by one for the states. If the court follows its usual practice, the first lawyer will be allowed a brief rebuttal.
There are preliminary questions, including whether the states have suffered the sort of direct and concrete injury that gives them standing to sue. But the core question is whether Mr. Trump has the constitutional and statutory authority to exclude some categories of people from the United States.
The Justice Department has said that courts may not second-guess the president’s national security determinations in deciding whom to let in. The states have said that due process and equal protection principles, along with the First Amendment’s protection of religious liberty, make the travel ban unlawful.
On Tuesday, Mr. Trump said his administration will take the challenge to the executive order “through the system,” calling it “very important for the country.”
“Some things are law,” he said, “and I’m all in favor of that. And some things are common sense. This is common sense.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Betsy DeVos, a wealthy Republican donor with almost no experience in public education, was confirmed by the Senate as the nation’s education secretary on Tuesday, but only with the help of a historic tiebreaking vote from Vice President Mike Pence after weeks of protests and two defections within her own party.
The 51-to-50 vote capped an all-night vigil on the Senate floor, where, one by one, Democrats denounced Ms. DeVos to a mostly empty chamber. But they did not get a third Republican defection that would have stopped Ms. DeVos — a billionaire who has devoted much of her life to promoting charter schools and vouchers — from becoming the steward of the nation’s nearly 100,000 public schools.
It was the first time a vice president has been summoned to the Capitol to break a tie on a cabinet nomination.
Senator Al Franken, Democrat of Minnesota, demanded before the vote that Republicans explain how they could support Ms. DeVos. “If we cannot set aside party loyalty long enough to perform the essential duty of vetting the president’s nominees, what are we even doing here?” Mr. Franken asked.
The two Republicans who voted against the nominee, Senators Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, said Ms. DeVos was unqualified because of a lack of familiarity with public schools and with laws meant to protect students.
“I have serious concerns about a nominee to be secretary of education who has been so involved in one side of the equation, so immersed in the push for vouchers, that she may be unaware of what actually is successful within the public schools, and also what is broken and how to fix them,” Ms. Murkowski said last week when the two announced their opposition.
Ms. Murkowski also said she had been influenced by thousands of messages she had received urging her to reject the nomination.
For many educators, Ms. DeVos’s support for charter schools and vouchers — which allow students to use taxpayer dollars to pay tuition at private, religious and for-profit schools — reflected a deep disconnect from public schools. Neither Ms. DeVos nor any of her children attended a public school.
Most Republicans described Ms. DeVos as committed to what is best for children. In a fiery speech moments before the vote, Senator Lamar Alexander, Republican of Tennessee and a former education secretary himself, criticized his Democratic colleagues for opposing Ms. DeVos, he said, simply because she was nominated by a Republican president.
“She led the most effective public school reform movement over the last few years,” he said. Mr. Alexander, the chairman of the committee that approved Ms. DeVos’s nomination last week in a party-line split, said she had been “at the forefront” of education overhaul for decades.
By midday Tuesday, as the vote in the Senate deadlocked at 50 to 50, Mr. Pence, a former member of the House, took the gavel and at 12:29 p.m. declared his vote for Ms. DeVos. In a procedural quirk, a confirmation vote on Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama for attorney general was scheduled after that of Ms. DeVos so he could vote “yes” before leaving the Senate, securing Republicans a decisive vote.
Raised in a wealthy family, Ms. DeVos, who married into the Amway fortune, has a web of financial investments, has also raised alarm among critics who worried about the many opportunities for conflicts of interest. She was the first of Mr. Trump’s nominees not to complete an ethics review before appearing before a Senate panel. She filed her ethics paperwork on Jan. 19, two days after her confirmation hearing.
Teachers’ unions and even some charter organizations had protested Ms. DeVos’s nomination across the country. Senator Patty Murray of Washington, the top Democrat on the committee that approved Ms. DeVos — and a former educator herself — urged disheartened advocates on Tuesday morning before the vote not to think of their efforts as a waste.
“It’s made an impact here and made a difference,” she said. “And I think it’s woken each of us up in this country to what we value and what we want.”
Shortly after Ms. DeVos’s confirmation, Randi Weingarten, the president of the American Federation of Teachers, a union that protested the nomination, said the public would now have to “serve as a check and balance” to her policies and be “fierce fighters on behalf of children.”
“It’s telling that even when Trump had full control of the legislative and executive branches, he could only get DeVos confirmed by an unprecedented tiebreaking vote by his vice president,” Ms. Weingarten said. “That’s because DeVos shows an antipathy for public schools, a full-throttled embrace of private, for-profit alternatives and a lack of basic understanding of what children need to succeed in school.”
David E. Kirkland, an education professor at New York University who has studied Ms. DeVos’s impact in Michigan, said he feared she could badly hurt public education and pull resources out of schools in need of federal funding. “Her extensive conflicts of interest and record of diverting money away from vulnerable students and into the pockets of the rich make DeVos completely unfit for the position she was just confirmed to,” he said.
Ms. DeVos has focused on expanding parental choice in education and on embracing charter schools and vouchers. Her ideology was a good fit for Mr. Trump’s education platform during the campaign, which called for a $20 billion voucher initiative aimed at low-income children.
But freeing such an enormous sum would most likely require the reallocation of federal education money, as well as a realignment of congressional priorities. Vouchers were not part of a sweeping education overhaul passed in 2015, and lawmakers from rural areas, where schools tend to be farther apart, are particularly wary of such initiatives.
The Trump administration could potentially advance a more limited voucher program and seek tax credits for private school tuition or home schooling costs.
Ms. DeVos has also indicated that she would dismantle other pieces of the Obama administration’s legacy, potentially including a rule that denies federal student aid money to for-profit colleges whose graduates struggle to get jobs, as well as an aggressive effort to investigate and adjudicate campus sexual assault claims.
Ms. DeVos’s critics said they would continue to fight her as she serves. Some vowed to demonstrate at her appearances at forums and schools and to seek candidates friendly to their view to run for local office.
Lily Eskelsen García, the president of the National Education Association, said her union would tap into the vast database of advocates it had built during Ms. DeVos’s confirmation process to help keep her in check. “As soon as she does something alarming, it will be known, it will be seen,” she said. “She won’t be able to hide.”
Mr. Trump’s choice of Ms. DeVos, known for her big-spending lobbying efforts to expand charter schools in Michigan — an experiment that even charter school supporters now criticize — to lead the Education Department presented senators with a multitude of potential pitfalls. Her background as a prolific  fund-raiser who has donated about $200 million over the years to Republican causes and candidates — including some senators, as has been the case for previous presidential nominees — came under scrutiny.
Democrats have also expressed concern about her family’s contributions to groups that support so-called conversion therapy for gay people and her past statements that government “sucks” and that public schools are a “dead end.” Opponents have also focused on the poor performance of charter schools in Detroit, which she championed.
Senators and education advocates from both sides of the aisle also expressed concern after Ms. DeVos, during her Jan. 17 confirmation hearing, confused core responsibilities of the department.
In one notable exchange that spread across the internet, Senator Tim Kaine, Democrat of Virginia, asked Ms. DeVos whether all schools that receive public money should have to follow the Individuals With Disabilities Education Act, the landmark 1975 civil rights legislation. Under that federal law, states and school districts are required to provide special education services to children with disabilities.
Ms. DeVos said the issue was “best left to the states.”
In a bizarre moment that made her the butt of late-night TV jokes, Ms. DeVos also suggested that states should decide whether to allow guns in schools, citing in part concerns about protection from grizzly bears in Wyoming.
“I think probably there, I would imagine there is probably a gun in a school to protect from potential grizzlies,” she said.
Before the vote Tuesday, Mr. Franken said, “It was the most embarrassing confirmation hearing that I have ever seen.”
In a final push that included demonstrations around the country, constituents and advocates swamped Senate offices with calls, so inundating the Capitol switchboard that it disrupted the Senate’s voice mail system.



ARTICLE
From the moment she was introduced in late November as President Trump’s nominee for education secretary, Betsy DeVos has taken heat from not only teachers’ unions but also some charter school advocates and parent groups.
Ms. DeVos, a wealthy Republican fund-raiser and philanthropist who is a major supporter of school vouchers, has faced vociferous opposition. Her support for directing taxpayer dollars to privately run schools, and her efforts to shape education in her home state of Michigan and across the country, elicited criticism from opponents who argued that she had neglected the public schools she would be charged with improving as the head of the Department of Education.
Ms. DeVos endured a grueling line of questioning from senators during her confirmation hearing last month. While Republicans praised what they called her commitment to education and to children, Democrats said they were startled by many of her answers, which they said laid bare the weaknesses of an education secretary pick who has little experience with public schools.
They expressed their concern as well about the potential for conflicts of interest in her complex web of financial investments; Ms. DeVos was the first of Mr. Trump’s nominees not to complete an ethics review before appearing before senators.
Ms. DeVos faced a number of uncomfortable questions, which critics said showed a lack of familiarity with laws protecting students with disabilities and the metrics for assessing student progress. In addition to pointing out Ms. DeVos’s inexperience in running a large bureaucracy, Senator Elizabeth Warren, Democrat of Massachusetts, questioned how she could manage the Department of Education — the largest provider of student loans — if neither she nor her children had ever borrowed money for school.
“So you have no personal experience with college financial aid?” she asked.
As demonstrations popped up across the country, thousands of calls and messages flooded the Capitol, many of them urging senators to vote against Ms. DeVos and Mr. Trump’s other nominees.
In a move that put Ms. DeVos’s nomination in question, two Republican senators — Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska — announced last week that they would not vote to confirm her, citing the concerns of their constituents. “I have serious concerns about a nominee to be secretary of education who has been so involved in one side of the equation, so immersed in the push for vouchers, that she may be unaware of what actually is successful within the public schools, and also what is broken and how to fix them,” Ms. Murkowski said on the Senate floor.
But as most Senate Republicans maintained their support for Ms. DeVos, Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican leader, scheduled a rare, early-morning procedural vote on her nomination to press ahead.
Senator Lamar Alexander of Tennessee, a former education secretary and chairman of the committee that approved Ms. DeVos in a party-line vote, said she would be “an excellent education secretary.”
“She’s committed to public education, and there’s no better example of that than her work on the most important reform of public schools in the last 30 years: public charter schools,” Mr. Alexander said.
After gaveling in at 6:30 a.m. Friday, senators voted to limit further debate, setting the stage for a final confirmation vote this week. Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, asked his colleagues to think about their vote over the weekend. “Sometimes loyalty to a president demands a bit too much,” he said.
On Monday, Senate Democrats said they would spend the final 24 hours before Ms. DeVos’s confirmation vote speaking out against her on the floor in a last-ditch effort to woo Republicans to their side.
But as the evening wore on, it looked increasingly likely that Ms. Collins and Ms. Murkowski would be the only Republican defectors, setting up a 50-50 tie. Vice President Mike Pence is expected to break the deadlock on Tuesday as president of the Senate, offering the 51st vote to confirm Ms. DeVos as education secretary.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — On Tuesday, call him the tiebreaker.
A vice president does not have much on his plate, as far as constitutional responsibilities go. He presides over the official count of electoral votes once, possibly twice, and, in the meantime, he waits in the wings in case the president becomes incapacitated.
But Vice President Mike Pence is expected to demonstrate the position’s unique duty, and in historic fashion: In his capacity as president of the Senate, he is expected to cast the deciding vote to confirm Betsy DeVos as President Trump’s education secretary — the first time a vice president has had to resolve a tie on a cabinet nomination in the nation’s history.
Allowed to vote only when the Senate is deadlocked, vice presidents have a long history of settling disputes. John Adams, for instance, cast votes that helped determine the location of the United States capital and averted war with Britain.
Ahead of Mr. Pence’s potential vote, here is a look back at a few crucial moments in modern vice-presidential tiebreaking.
Dick Cheney broke the last tie, according to the secretary of the Senate. On March 13, 2008, he broke a 50-50 split on an early procedural vote as Congress worked on a federal budget.
Parachuting in from the campaign trail, three presidential contenders were on hand to cast their own votes that day: Senators John McCain, Republican of Arizona; Hillary Clinton, Democrat of New York; and Barack Obama, Democrat of Illinois.
In his eight years as vice president during the Obama administration, Joseph R. Biden Jr. never settled a deadlocked vote, although there was speculation at one point that he would be called in to help confirm Loretta Lynch as attorney general when her nomination stalled in 2015. (She was ultimately confirmed 56 to 43.)
Mr. Cheney cast eight tiebreaking votes in total — more than any other vice president since Richard M. Nixon’s stint as No. 2. Mr. Cheney’s first two opportunities came less than three months into George W. Bush’s presidency.
On April 3, 2001, Mr. Cheney settled his first tie, beating back a Democratic plan to reduce the president’s proposed tax cuts to cover the cost of Medicare prescription drug coverage.
It is perhaps more remarkable, though, that Mr. Cheney did not have more ties to break: When he was sworn in, the Senate was evenly split, with 50 Democrats and 50 Republicans, meaning any party-line vote could have necessitated a visit from the vice president.
The Senate currently has 52 Republicans, 46 Democrats and two independents (who choose to caucus — and frequently vote — with the Democrats).
While these votes are often seen as a dutiful nod to the president, there have been times when they could be seen as a boon to the vice president, too.
In May 1999, Al Gore cast his last of four tiebreaking votes, helping pass an amendment to require background checks on all sales of firearms at gun shows.
At the time, Mr. Gore was in the midst of his ill-fated run for president. In the final weeks of the race, he cited that vote in a 60-second campaign ad, part of a biographical spot intended to highlight his principled stances on issues important to working families.
“As vice president, he defied the gun lobby and cast the tiebreaking vote to keep guns away from criminals,” the announcer intoned.
It has been more than three decades since the last vice-presidential tiebreaker on a presidential nomination — settling a deadlock over a nominee who, like Ms. DeVos, had become the subject of a bitter political fight.
In 1986, President Ronald Reagan appointed Daniel A. Manion, a lawyer and former Indiana legislator who had little experience in federal courts and whose father was a founder of the far-right John Birch Society, to a federal appellate court.
The nomination quickly became a tense tug of war between Reagan and Senate Democrats, who argued Mr. Manion was deeply unqualified. On July 23, 1986, Vice President George Bush put the matter to rest, siding with Republicans.
“We won by one vote,” Reagan said afterward. “A little lynch mob had organized resistance against his nomination.”



ARTICLE
■ The Senate approved Betsy DeVos as education secretary, with Vice President Pence breaking a tie vote.
■ President Trump says “haters” unfairly interpret his praise of President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia.
■ A federal appeals court in San Francisco will hear arguments on Mr. Trump’s targeted immigration ban.
■ Melania Trump settles a libel lawsuit against a Maryland blogger.
The Senate confirmed Ms. DeVos as education secretary on Tuesday, in a vote that required Vice President Mike Pence to break a 50 to 50 tie.
Two Republican senators, Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, announced last week that they would join Democrats in blocking her.
Democrats employed every procedural tool to slow the confirmation of Ms. DeVos. Republican leaders responded by saying they would simply keep the Senate in session until a few key individuals were approved: Ms. DeVos, Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama for attorney general, Representative Tom Price of Georgia for secretary of health and human services and Steven T. Mnuchin for Treasury secretary.
While Ms. DeVos was confirmed, 51 to 50, thanks to Mr. Pence and the support of another important constituent:
President Trump’s foreign-policy-by-tweet approach continued Tuesday morning, with the president suggesting on Twitter that “haters” were unfairly criticizing his praise of Mr. Putin.
The post appears to be a direct response to the criticism Mr. Trump received for his comments during a Fox News interview. In that interview, he seemed to defend Mr. Putin’s brutality while saying that American political leaders have “killed” people too.
The president appears to think that the avalanche of criticism he received is unfair, even though his insistence that he doesn’t know Mr. Putin or have deals in Russia is unrelated to his praise of the Russian president.
The website of the federal appeals court in San Francisco is about to be tested.
The court will hear arguments at 3 p.m. Pacific time on Tuesday on the Trump administration’s emergency request to reinstate Mr. Trump’s executive order suspending travel from seven predominantly Muslim countries and limiting the nation’s refugee program.
The argument in the fast-moving case will be heard by telephone, and the court at first said it would release a recording afterward. An hour and a half later, the court thought better of the delay, now saying the hearing would be live-streamed on its site.
You can listen to a live stream of the arguments here:
The president had some thoughts to share on the subject.
For a moment, House Speaker Paul D. Ryan seemed to be in the clear.
Amid the now-typical deluge of questions for Mr. Ryan about the latest explosive comment from Mr. Trump, a reporter acknowledged the speaker’s standard reply: that he does not tend to comment on the “tweet of the day.”
“You got my talking points down already!” Mr. Ryan said, perking up.
He did elaborate, though, steering clear of any remark that could be construed as a knock on the president.
On the subject of Mr. Trump’s insistence that the news media had willfully ignored or played down international terrorist attacks: “I can’t speak to whether or not you’re over or underreporting something. That’s your job. I’ll stick with doing mine.”
On Mr. Trump attacking who he called the “so-called judge” responsible for blocking the president’s immigration order: “Look, he’s not the first president to get frustrated with a ruling from a court.”
On the uncertainty wrought by the president’s recent suggestion that the Affordable Care Act might not be replaced until next year: “I think there’s a little confusion here.”
The legislative process will have played out this year, Mr. Ryan said. “The question is, how long does it take to implement the full replacement of Obamacare?”
First lady Melania Trump has settled a libel lawsuit against a Maryland blogger over a blog post published in August that she said contained “false and defamatory statements,” including that she once worked as a high-end escort.
The lawsuit, which was filed in September in Montgomery County, Md., pertained to a post that Webster G. Tarpley had published on his blog, Tarpley.net, in early August.
Mr. Tarpley retracted the post on Aug. 22 and issued an apology to Mrs. Trump. In a statement, Mr. Tarpley again issued a retraction and apologized to Mrs. Trump for publishing a post that was “replete with false and defamatory statements about her.”
“I acknowledge that these false statements were very harmful and hurtful to Mrs. Trump and her family, and therefore I sincerely apologize to Mrs. Trump, her son, her husband and her parents for making these false statements,” he said.
Charles J. Harder, a lawyer for Mrs. Trump, said in statement on his client’s behalf that Mr. Tarpley had agreed to pay Mrs. Trump “a substantial sum as a settlement.”
In addition to Mr. Tarpley, Mrs. Trump sued the publisher of The Daily Mail for libel. (The Daily Mail also published a retraction and apology.) A Maryland judge dismissed the lawsuit against The Daily Mail publisher last week after determining that Maryland courts do not have jurisdiction over Mrs. Trump’s claims; the lawsuit was refiled on Monday in New York State Court.
Senators Bernie Sanders of Vermont and Ted Cruz of Texas will square off in a debate that liberal and conservative purists probably would have preferred in 2016 — a bronze medal game, of sorts, for the presidency.
The CNN town hall-style meeting will focus largely on the Affordable Care Act in the age of Trump. We’ll bring real-time analysis — policy, yuks, everything in between — from the reporters who covered the pair during their presidential runs and from a health policy expert.
Matt Flegenheimer, @mattfleg on Twitter, who covered Mr. Cruz; Yamiche Alcindor, @yamiche, who covered Mr. Sanders; and Margot Sanger-Katz, @sangerkatz, who writes extensively on health care policy, will be sorting out the facts from the froth.
Make it a two-screen experience. The debate begins at 9 p.m. Eastern time.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Andrew F. Puzder, who as President Trump’s pick to head the Labor Department has come under fire for criticizing worker protections, acknowledged on Monday that he had employed an undocumented immigrant to clean his house.
The revelation potentially could derail a nomination that has elicited controversy because of Mr. Puzder’s views on overtime pay, sick leave and automation. The confirmation of Mr. Puzder, a fast-food chain executive, has stalled as he tries to divest holdings.
“My wife and I employed a housekeeper for a few years, during which I was unaware that she was not legally permitted to work in the U.S.,” Mr. Puzder said in a statement. “When I learned of her status, we immediately ended her employment and offered her assistance in getting legal status.”
Mr. Puzder added that he and his wife had paid back taxes in full to the I.R.S. and the state of California.
Confirmation hearings for Mr. Puzder have been delayed as he works to remove himself from his role as the chief executive of CKE Restaurants, whose holdings include the Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s chains.
Democrats have suggested that his nomination could be on shaky ground, in part, because he has yet to file standard disclosures and questionnaires to the Senate committee that will consider his confirmation.
Progressive groups have echoed that sentiment. “It’s long past time for Mr. Puzder to deliver on his commitment to file paperwork with the Senate and let the American people know what issues are causing so many headaches for the Trump administration,” Karl Frisch, executive director of Allied Progress, said on Monday.
Mr. Puzder remains “all in” for the confirmation process, a spokesman said on Monday.
He is not the first cabinet nominee who has hired undocumented workers.
Mr. Trump’s choice to lead the Commerce Department, Wilbur Ross, said last month that he had employed an undocumented household worker for several years. And Representative Mick Mulvaney, Republican of South Carolina and the nominee for White House budget director, said that he failed to pay taxes on a nanny that he and his wife employed after their children were born. They had to pay more than $15,000 in taxes and penalties to the I.R.S.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Asked at a confirmation hearing two weeks ago if he was working with President Trump on a secret plan to replace the Affordable Care Act, Representative Tom Price, Mr. Trump’s nominee for secretary of health and human services, smiled broadly and answered: “It’s true that he said that, yes.”
The committee room, filled with health care lobbyists, consumer advocates and others with a vital stake in the future of the health care law, erupted with knowing laughter at Mr. Price’s careful formulation. For those following the issue closely, it has been an open secret that the fledgling Trump administration is a long way from fulfilling one of Mr. Trump’s most repeated campaign promises.
In a brief aside in an interview with Bill O’Reilly of Fox News broadcast before the Super Bowl on Sunday, Mr. Trump went further than he ever has in acknowledging the reality that any hope of quickly replacing the Affordable Care Act has been dashed.
“Yes, I would like to say by the end of the year, at least the rudiments, but we should have something within the year and the following year,” the president said.
That admission is sure to be a serious disappointment for the president’s most fervent supporters, who sent him to Washington believing that he would move quickly to dispatch the health law.
Soon after he was elected, Mr. Trump reacted to Republican suggestions of a delay in replacing the health act by insisting that repealing and replacing the law must happen at about the same time.
Now, Mr. Trump and his Republican allies on Capitol Hill have recast their ambitions for a rapid-fire repeal, talking privately and publicly about a more deliberative process that could be phased in over weeks or months.
“The political uncertainty surrounding repeal is growing,” said Dan Holler, a spokesman for Heritage Action for America, the advocacy arm of the conservative Heritage Foundation. “If the House has not passed a repeal bill and sent it to the Senate by mid-March,” Mr. Holler added, “that would be serious cause for concern.”
The uncertainty is already reflected in the way Republicans talk about the health care law. Some now talk about “repairing” the law, rather than repealing it entirely. And in a twist of fate, many are facing tough, angry questions at town hall meetings — the mirror image of 2009, when Tea Party activists assailed Democrats who supported the law.
A crowd of protesters gathered outside a town meeting in California held over the weekend by Representative Tom McClintock, who was escorted by police officers as he left the event, according to news reports. Representative Gus Bilirakis of Florida faced 200 angry supporters of the health care law at a meeting on Saturday.
In the interview that aired on Sunday, Mr. Trump appeared to admit that his get-it-done braggadocio about a swift repeal of President Barack Obama’s signature legislation was instead becoming a drawn-out Washington process that could stretch for months or even years.
Mr. Trump’s comment prompted what is becoming a ritual on Capitol Hill: trying to interpret the words of a president who is not steeped in the rhythms of the legislative process.
“I don’t really know what he’s referring to in terms of a year,” said Senator John Cornyn of Texas, the No. 2 Senate Republican. He added that Republicans hoped to get their replacement plan in place “well before that.”
Senator John Thune of South Dakota, the No. 3 Republican in the chamber, said the Senate hoped to work “systematically, in a step-by-step way.” But he conceded “that may take longer than, you know, than people at first thought.” He expressed hope that “at some point,” if Mr. Trump has a health care proposal, “he’ll engage and that we’ll be able to work together with him on it.”
Few of Mr. Trump’s campaign promises rivaled the one he made to dismantle the Affordable Care Act. He repeatedly called it a “disaster” and vowed that, if elected, he would immediately replace it with a new and better overhaul of the health care system.
Mr. Trump issued an executive order on his first day in office directing agencies to do what they could to provide relief from the health care law to people and businesses. But his power to unravel the law unilaterally is limited.
Michael F. Cannon, the director of health policy studies at the libertarian Cato Institute, warned that the delay in taking action in Congress threatened to undermine the momentum for significant change.
“Every day they delay,” he said, “the problems of the Affordable Care Act get worse.”
Insurance executives say immediate action is needed to stabilize insurance markets, or else more insurers will withdraw from the public marketplaces created under the Affordable Care Act. Insurers deciding whether to participate in the market in 2018 face a May deadline for submitting rate proposals to the federal government.
The turnabout has made Democratic lawmakers gleeful. Their refusal to work with Republicans unless a full-blown repeal is taken off the table has helped to ratchet up pressure on the president and his allies to come up with a replacement before eliminating a health care program that delivers insurance to about 20 million Americans.
“The reality of the difficulty of getting things done is sinking in,” Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, said of Mr. Trump and Republicans in Congress. “Democrats are feeling much better that there’s some chance of success.”
Democrats have also been encouraged by opinion polls showing that the public is increasingly supportive of the health care law. A Quinnipiac University poll released last month found that 84 percent of people believe Congress should not repeal the Affordable Care Act until a replacement plan is in place.
That is proving especially difficult for Republicans to accomplish in the time frame that Mr. Trump once called for.
In the first 10 days of the new Congress, lawmakers passed a budget resolution clearing the way to repeal major provisions of the law and neutralize the threat of a Democratic filibuster. By Jan. 27, four congressional committees were supposed to have drafted legislation gutting the 2010 health care law. But it soon became clear that the deadline was neither realistic nor enforceable.
Republican leaders in the House and the Senate now envision a more conventional legislative process. In an interview on Sunday, Speaker Paul D. Ryan insisted that Republicans believed it was their duty to “step in front of this crash and rescue people from this collapsing health care system and replace it with something better.”
But Mr. Ryan has also been clear for weeks about the reality of the legislative timeline.
“The question there is: How long will it take for markets to be put in place, for markets to adjust?” Mr. Ryan told reporters on Jan. 5. “That question we don’t know the answer to.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Judge Neil M. Gorsuch’s road to a Supreme Court nomination included stops at a fancy law firm conference room, the dreary basement of a government office building, President Trump’s gilded penthouse in Trump Tower, the White House’s Lincoln Bedroom and a ride on a military jet.
Although his name did not even appear on Mr. Trump’s first list of 11 potential nominees, Judge Gorsuch was the last person standing in a selection process that in some ways began last year, when as a candidate Mr. Trump took the unusual step of releasing the names of those he would consider for the court. The process, described in interviews with White House and transition officials and others involved, ended last Tuesday night, with the president’s announcement that he had found a judge who was “as good as it gets.”
Mr. Trump’s lists — the second one added 10 names, including that of Judge Gorsuch — leaned on recommendations from two conservative groups, the Federalist Society and the Heritage Foundation. Both lists were compiled by Donald F. McGahn, Mr. Trump’s longtime election lawyer and now the White House counsel.
Judge Gorsuch was well known in conservative circles, but his stellar academic credentials — which include degrees from Columbia, Harvard and Oxford — may have worked against him at first, an official said, as the initial list had an anti-establishment theme. His body of judicial work and other writing was substantial and warranted careful review, which took time. And there was a concern about subjecting him to early “scrutiny and attacks” should liberal groups “unleash the hounds.”
Mr. Trump told aides that he wanted “the absolute best person,” one who resembled Justice Antonin Scalia, whose seat has been vacant since his death last February. Mr. Trump, who mentioned how important the next justice was to Republican voters, according to exit poll data, said he wanted someone who was “not weak,” an adviser said.
Mr. Trump also said he wanted to avoid what he called the mistaken appointments of other Republican presidents — namely Justice David H. Souter, who drifted left, and Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr., who voted to uphold the Affordable Care Act.
By early January, officials on Mr. Trump’s transition team had whittled the campaign’s lists down to seven finalists. They were invited to Washington and faced two sets of probing interviews.
Aides had read everything the finalists had written. In Judge Gorsuch’s case, that meant a trip to New York to obtain copies of student newspapers he had contributed to as a student at Columbia.
On Jan. 5, Judge Gorsuch met with Mr. McGahn in a conference room at Jones Day, Mr. McGahn’s law firm. The meeting was for “personal vetting,” to make sure there was nothing embarrassing in Judge Gorsuch’s background.
Later that day, Judge Gorsuch was driven to the Trump campaign’s transition office. In a basement room, under florescent lights and with bags of cookies and candy bars in the corner, Judge Gorsuch was grilled by five members of the Trump team: Vice President-elect Mike Pence; Reince Priebus, now the White House chief of staff; Stephen K. Bannon, Mr. Trump’s chief strategist; Mark Paoletta, now Mr. Pence’s counsel; and Mr. McGahn.
With a six-page memo on Judge Gorsuch’s writing prepared by Mr. McGahn in front of them, the five men asked him about his writings and the role of a judge.
“We’ve never talked to him about abortion,” a White House official said. “There was no discussion about specific cases or outcomes.”
Mr. Pence, the official said, was particularly engaged in the selection process.
The six other finalists all went through a similar two-step interview in Washington.
Four, like Judge Gorsuch, served on federal appeals courts: Judges Thomas M. Hardiman, William H. Pryor Jr., Diane S. Sykes and Raymond M. Kethledge. The others were Judge Amul R. Thapar, of a Federal District Court in Kentucky, and Justice Don R. Willett of the Texas Supreme Court.
With the exception of Justice Willett, all had already undergone F.B.I. background checks and Senate confirmations.
“People loved Tom Hardiman,” an official said. “He was super personable. Pryor has done more for the cause than anyone else in the country. But the politics are really tough.”
Judge Pryor had taken strong stands against gay rights and abortion, calling Roe v. Wade, the 1973 decision that established a constitutional right to abortion, “the worst abomination of constitutional law in our history.”
Judge Gorsuch emerged from the interviews as a strong contender, partly because of his intellectual polish and partly because of support from other candidates.
“If not you, who?” they were asked, an official said. “Most of them said Gorsuch. Kethledge went on about him for three or four minutes.”
Judge Gorsuch clinched his spot in a meeting at Trump Tower on Jan. 14 with Mr. Trump and Mr. McGahn. Judge Gorsuch, who had represented corporate titans as a lawyer in private practice, hit it off with the president.
That same day, Mr. Trump and Mr. McGahn also interviewed two other finalists, Judges Hardiman and Pryor. Each of the three meetings lasted from 30 to 45 minutes. (The only other finalist interviewed by Mr. Trump was Judge Thapar, at the White House.)
After the interviews in New York, Mr. Trump asked his lawyer for his recommendation, a White House official recalled. Mr. McGahn said that the clear choice was Judge Gorsuch.
Mr. Trump called Judge Gorsuch in Colorado with the good news last Monday, and soon he and his wife, Louise, took off on a military jet from Rocky Mountain Metropolitan Airport, headed to Andrews Air Force Base. Mr. McGahn called the other judges the next day.
On Tuesday, Judge Gorsuch was smuggled into the White House, where aides had him wait in the Lincoln Bedroom before his prime-time appearance with Mr. Trump.
Mr. Trump’s team is already looking down the road, weighing the choices should Justice Anthony M. Kennedy decide to step down. Judge Kethledge would be a leading candidate, an official said, and so would Judge Brett M. Kavanaugh of the Federal Appeals Court in Washington.
Both judges, like Judge Gorsuch, once served as law clerks to Justice Kennedy.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Tensions over President Trump’s nominations turned into a parliamentary game of chicken on Monday, with Republican leaders vowing to keep the Senate in session, day and night, until lawmakers confirm four of his cabinet picks.
After days of grasping at procedural hurdles, Democrats held vigil against Betsy DeVos, Mr. Trump’s polarizing nominee for education secretary, and promised to spend the final 24 hours before her confirmation vote Tuesday reiterating their objections.
But as Democrats made clear they had no intention of yielding even a minute of their allotted floor time to debate Mr. Trump’s nominations — a final act of parliamentary disobedience for a minority party that lacks the votes to block a nominee on its own — Republicans stood their ground.
Daring Democrats to keep their word at the expense of several sleepless nights, Senator John Cornyn of Texas, the chamber’s No. 2 Republican, said the Senate session would not end until lawmakers confirmed four of Mr. Trump’s nominees: Ms. DeVos, Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama as attorney general, Representative Tom Price of Georgia to lead the Department of Health and Human Services, and Steven T. Mnuchin as Treasury secretary.
The effort could last into Saturday and might involve burning “a little midnight oil,” Mr. Cornyn said.
Short one critical but elusive Republican “no” vote against Ms. DeVos — a billionaire philanthropist with little experience in public schools and a remarkably shaky showing at her confirmation hearing — Democrats on Monday did the only thing they could: They talked.
Senator Patty Murray of Washington announced that Democrats would occupy the floor until the vote on Ms. DeVos’s nomination, which is expected around midday on Tuesday. Ms. Murray is the top Democrat on the committee that approved Ms. DeVos along a party-line vote, and one of her most strident opponents.
Publicly, Democrats held out hope that they could woo one more Republican dissenter to join Senators Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska in voting against Ms. DeVos. Both announced last week that they would not support Ms. DeVos’s nomination.
Their defections, combined with a unified vote from the Democratic caucus, set up a 50-50 tie on the nomination, which Vice President Mike Pence would have to break in his capacity as president of the Senate.
Appearing later at a demonstration outside the Capitol, Ms. Murray urged protesters to pressure Republicans to oppose Ms. DeVos. “If we can persuade one more Republican to do the right thing, we can double down on the message we’re all sending to President Trump: The Senate stands with public education!” Ms. Murray said.
A deluge of constituent calls and messages against Mr. Trump’s nominees and executive orders has overwhelmed some Senate offices and even the Capitol phone system in recent days, echoing demonstrations across the country. Energized by the opposition, Democrats seemed ready on Monday to resort to sleeping bags if necessary.
Senator Chris Van Hollen, Democrat of Maryland, said Ms. DeVos had embraced a philosophy that abandoned poorer families. She has been vehemently criticized by many education advocates for favoring voucher programs over repairing public schools.
“What do we say to them?” Mr. Van Hollen asked.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The newly minted education secretary, Betsy DeVos, fled a small group of protesters outside a middle school here on Friday, at one point hiding in her sport utility vehicle as a man wielded a cardboard sign, before she finally entered.
Video of the odd episode at Jefferson Middle School Academy from a local television station showed a handful of people heckling and following Ms. DeVos as she tried to enter the school. She turned away with a man escorting her as one demonstrator shouted, “Go back! Shame, shame.”
The exchange could be the first of many such encounters as protesters and opponents of Ms. DeVos say they plan to remind her of the fierce opposition she faced throughout her nomination process and continues to face as she weighs sweeping policies, such as encouraging private school vouchers. Activists have said they would protest her at every opportunity, including during school visits.
Her response to the protesters on Friday could encourage more.
“We will unleash our activists in a way that I don’t think any secretary of education has ever experienced,” said Heidi Hess, a campaign manager for Credo, a mobile phone company with a liberal activist arm. “If she holds field hearings, we will make sure we pack them with activists. If she travels for meetings or if she visits schools, we will confront her with protesters and have people lined up to ask her questions.”
As word spread that Ms. DeVos, a wealthy Republican donor with almost no experience in public education, had been blocked from entering the school, Arne Duncan, a former education secretary under President Barack Obama, weighed in.
Ms. DeVos eventually made it into the school and later told reporters the school was “awesome.”
“It was really wonderful to visit this school, and I look forward to many visits of many great public schools, both in D.C. and around the country,” Ms. DeVos said. “Thanks very much.”
Mayor Muriel Bowser of Washington also said that the city wants Ms. DeVos to visit its schools.
Democrats have expressed concern about contributions by Ms. DeVos’s family to groups that support so-called conversion therapy for gay people; her donations to Republicans and their causes, which she agreed have totaled about $200 million over the years; and her past statements that government “sucks” and that public schools are a “dead end.”
Education unions and activists flooded senators with emails and phone calls urging them to vote against Ms. DeVos. Two Republican senators, Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, joined Democrats in voting against her. Vice President Mike Pence had to cast a tiebreaking vote to get Ms. DeVos confirmed.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump vowed on Friday to order new security measures by next week intended to stop terrorists from entering the United States, even as aides debated whether to ask the Supreme Court to reinstate his original travel ban that has now been blocked by lower courts.
A day after a three-judge panel rebuffed him, Mr. Trump said he might sign “a brand-new order” as early as Monday that would be aimed at accomplishing the same purpose but, presumably, with a stronger legal basis. While he vowed to keep fighting for the original order in court, he indicated that he would not wait for the process to play out to take action.
“We will win that battle,” he told reporters on Air Force One as he flew to Florida for a weekend golf outing with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan. Yet noting that it most likely would not happen quickly, he also raised the possibility of “a lot of other options, including just filing a brand-new order.”
Asked if he would do that, Mr. Trump said, “We need speed for reasons of security, so it very well could be.”
The president’s pivot represented a short-term tactical retreat even as he insisted that he would prevail in the long run. The battle over his order, which suspended refugee flows and temporarily blocked visitors from seven predominantly Muslim countries, has come to define Mr. Trump’s young presidency both at home and abroad, and has tested his capacity to impose his will on a political and legal system that he has vowed to master but that has resisted his demands.
Mr. Trump typically prefers a fight, but drafting a new travel order would acknowledge that sometimes a president must find other ways to proceed. Asked to describe what he had in mind for a new executive order, he said: “We’re going to have very, very strong vetting. I call it extreme vetting, and we’re going very strong on security. We are going to have people coming to our country that want to be here for good reason.”
White House officials denied news reports that the president would not appeal the case to the Supreme Court. “All options remain on the table,” Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said by email late Friday.
A new version of the executive order would amount to a tacit admission that the administration would not be able to quickly or easily overturn the decision issued on Thursday by a panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Even some conservative lawyers allied with the White House said there was little chance of prevailing right away with the Supreme Court, which is divided along ideological lines with a seat vacant.
Emboldened by the appeals court, Democrats attacked Mr. Trump for trying to subvert American values.
“I promise you, we will fight back,” Representative Joseph Crowley of New York, the chairman of the House Democratic Caucus, said in his party’s weekly radio and internet address. “We will resist. We will resist on behalf of what is American. And we will resist on behalf of the immigrants who came here in the past and who will come here in the future.”
Mr. Trump has other ways to soldier on. The Ninth Circuit decision left in place a temporary restraining order blocking the travel order, but did not rule on the underlying constitutional or legal issues of the case. The president could ask the full Ninth Circuit to hear an appeal on the restraining order, or he could return to the lower courts for a battle over the merits, which would take longer to conclude.
The administration was still fighting battles in other courts across the nation. Lawyers for the Justice Department were back in court in Alexandria, Va., outside the nation’s capital, arguing against a preliminary injunction that would halt the travel ban from being enforced nationwide.
Given multiple challenges, the idea of starting over appealed to the White House.
Edward Whelan, the president of the Ethics and Public Policy Center and an advocate of Mr. Trump’s Supreme Court nominee, Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, wrote on Twitter that it was “utterly crazy” to expect the justices to overturn Thursday’s ruling. As a result, Mr. Whelan wrote, it would be better to develop a “sensible” executive order and unveil it “with clear expectations” for carrying it out.
The original executive order issued last month barred refugees from anywhere in the world from entering the United States for 120 days and refugees from Syria indefinitely. It also cut off visitors for 90 days from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. Mr. Trump said he needed time to tighten screening procedures.
White House officials could draft a new order that would address some of the concerns raised by the judges. A new order, for instance, could explicitly state that it did not apply to permanent legal residents holding green cards. After some initial crossed signals, the White House and the Department of Homeland Security have said Mr. Trump’s original ban does not affect green card holders, but the appeals court judges pointed out that was not in the text of the order.
The White House could also narrow the categories of people affected, or change the list of countries targeted. And it could take out provisions intended to give preference to religious minorities, which in Muslim countries would refer to Christians, among others. Mr. Trump said in a television interview that he wanted to give preference to Christian refugees, but the judges expressed concern about a religious rule that could be discriminatory.
Mr. Trump has also argued that the restrictions were necessary to stop terrorists from entering the United States, citing attacks in Europe over the past year. As the United States has struggled with terrorism since the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, no one has been killed in a terrorist attack on American soil by anyone from one of those seven countries — a point noted by the judges — although some would-be attackers from them have been thwarted. The White House could try to offer a stronger rationale for why a temporary ban would actually stop terrorism.
In his weekly address, Mr. Trump told Americans he was “committed to your security” and would not be deterred by criticism of his order. “We will not allow our generous system of immigration to be turned against us as a tool for terrorism and truly bad people,” he said.
Mr. Trump’s attacks on the judiciary have drawn criticism. He initially called a federal district judge in Seattle who first blocked his executive order a “so-called judge” and said Americans should blame the judge if there were a terrorist attack. When the appeals court took up the case, he said a “bad high school student” would uphold the order.
Mr. Trump started Friday with another attack on the appeals court ruling, calling it “a disgraceful decision.”
But for much of the rest of the day, he avoided the incendiary language he has been using. At a White House news conference with Mr. Abe before flying to Florida, he said he would fight in court, but did not address the judges.
Mr. Trump suggested that he had learned more about the threat of terrorism from intelligence briefings since he took office.
“While I’ve been president, which is just for a very short period of time, I’ve learned tremendous things that you could only learn, frankly, if you were in a certain position, namely president,” he said. “And there are tremendous threats to our country. We will not allow that to happen. I can tell you that right now. We will not allow that to happen.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Shortly after Thursday’s appeals court decision blocking his travel ban, President Trump vowed to fight on. “SEE YOU IN COURT,” he wrote on Twitter.
But which court?
Here is a look at Mr. Trump’s options.
Mr. Trump could file an emergency application to the Supreme Court, asking the justices to stay the trial court’s ruling blocking his executive order suspending travel from seven mostly Muslim countries. That is the only way for him to try to obtain a very fast ruling. Since Mr. Trump has said the court rulings against his travel ban pose an immediate threat to the nation’s security, he might be expected to pursue this strategy.
If he does, the Supreme Court could act within days. Under its usual practices, it would not hear arguments and would issue a very brief order announcing the outcome with little or no legal reasoning.
Richard J. Lazarus, a law professor at Harvard, said the justices should take a different approach in this case if the administration files an emergency application, recalling that the court heard arguments in very short order when the Nixon administration in 1971 unsuccessfully sought to block The New York Times and The Washington Post from publishing a secret history of the Vietnam War.
“The court should receive briefs from both sides, hear oral argument, deliberate among themselves in person and then decide,” Professor Lazarus said. “They can do so quickly, as they have done in the past, for example in the Pentagon Papers case.”
Many legal experts say Mr. Trump’s chances of success at the Supreme Court, which for a year now has had just eight members, are slim. A 4-to-4 tie would leave the appeals court ruling in place. It would take five votes to overturn the ruling, and it is unlikely that Mr. Trump could obtain the vote of any of the court’s four more liberal justices.
Mr. Trump could also try to file a more conventional petition seeking review of the appeals court’s ruling. That would be more orderly, and it would allow the parties to file detailed briefs attacking and defending the appeals court’s reasoning.
It takes only four votes for the Supreme Court to agree to hear a case this way. Under its ordinary practices, though, a decision on whether to hear the case would probably not come until April, and arguments would not be scheduled until October.
By then, the Supreme Court may be back at full strength if Mr. Trump’s nominee, Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, is confirmed.
On Friday, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, in San Francisco, asked the two sides to file briefs setting out their positions on whether a larger panel of the court should rehear the case. The administration could urge the court to do that.
Were the Ninth Circuit to agree, the case would ordinarily be heard by an 11-member panel, including the circuit’s chief judge and 10 judges chosen at random. The court has a liberal reputation, but its judges have a wide variety of ideological leanings, and it is at least possible that such a panel would rule for Mr. Trump.
But this strategy also requires time, and the case would still probably end up in the Supreme Court.
The administration has a second option in the Ninth Circuit. It could continue to litigate the case before the three-judge panel.
The panel on Thursday set a schedule for submitting briefs in the underlying appeal. (Recall that the question decided on Thursday was whether to stay the trial court order and not whether it was correct.) The last of those briefs is due March 29.
Judge James L. Robart, who entered the temporary restraining order, has also set a briefing schedule, on whether he should make his ruling more permanent by issuing a preliminary injunction. The last of those briefs is due Feb. 17.
If the administration were inclined to submit additional evidence justifying the ban, the trial court would be the place to do it. But it is not clear whether there will be further proceedings before Judge Robart on whether he should issue a preliminary injunction.
On Thursday, just after the Ninth Circuit’s ruling, a lawyer for Washington State wrote a letter to Judge Robart saying the appeals court had effectively entered the preliminary injunction.
“In light of the court of appeals decision,” Noah G. Purcell, Washington State’s solicitor general, wrote, “the states assume the district court briefing schedule is no longer applicable. The states will not be filing a preliminary injunction motion and brief in the district court tonight, unless we receive contrary guidance from the district court.”
Many federal trial judges around the country have also addressed aspects of the travel ban, and Mr. Trump won a notable victory in Boston last week. But unless the Ninth Circuit’s ruling is overturned or modified, the nationwide injunction issued by Judge Robart will stay in place.
Finally, the administration could issue a narrower executive order on a travel ban. It would probably be promptly challenged in court.



ARTICLE
She calls it the “no-Trump clause.”
When Sahar Kian needed a new roommate for the home she shares near Georgetown University, she did what many young people here do: She took out an ad on Craigslist and then set down a few ground rules.
“Alcohol, pets and meat products are not allowed in the house,” Ms. Kian wrote.
“Neither are Trump supporters,” she added.
Ms. Kian, 23, is not the first person to add such a clause to a quest for a roommate. A steady trickle of posts like hers have shown up, one or two at a time, on Craigslist since President Trump was inaugurated on Jan. 20.
As anyone who has started out in the Washington area with few contacts and an entry-level salary knows, finding a roommate (or three) to share a high rent is common practice. The median cost for a one-bedroom apartment is around $1,990 a month, according to Zumper, a rental aggregator. But for some, it’s becoming more important to make sure that political views align before they split the cost with a stranger.
On Twitter, Reddit and Craigslist and in Facebook groups, people have been screening for Trump supporters since at least last fall. Such ads, more than a dozen of which have been posted on Craigslist since Inauguration Day, are only a tiny fraction of the thousands of posts on the site, but they nonetheless represent a small act of defiance in an area that heavily favored Hillary Clinton and where residents have remained politically active since the election.
“I can’t live with someone who supports a ‘leader’ with those types of ideals,” Jessica, 32, a teacher who did not want her last name used because she feared harassment online, wrote in an email. She posted an ad on Craiglist for a room share shortly after the inauguration. “I feel like I’m going to a protest every single day.”
In one recent ad, a couple in the area who identified themselves as “open-minded” and liberal advertised a $500 room in their home: “If you’re racist, sexist, homophobic or a Trump supporter please don’t respond. We won’t get along.”
In another, two women in their 20s were searching for a roommate to take over a lavender-colored room in their Columbia Heights apartment for $550. The women detailed their love of happy hours, a “good Netflix sesh,” pho and tacos.
“We’re open to any age/gender identity/non-identity,” they added, “so long as you didn’t vote for Trump.
In the same neighborhood, a woman posted an ad searching for someone to take over her room: “Trump supporters this is not the house for you (no, seriously),” she wrote.
For her part, Ms. Kian, who works at Amideast, a nonprofit that focuses on educational opportunities for Middle Eastern and African students, is fine with taking the extra step to make sure her political filter extends to her home.
Ms. Kian, who has American and Iranian citizenship and was raised Muslim, said the idea of the no-Trump clause started out as a joke. But it grew serious, she said, after the president signed an executive order that barred people from seven predominantly Muslim countries from entering the United States.
“Anybody who is on board with that kind of thinking is not welcome,” she said. Whoever ends up living with her will pay $1,300 to share the top floor of the house. (Her parents live downstairs.) People who support Mr. Trump, she said, would not be interested in living in her “raging liberal” house.
“Frankly, it would not work out,” Ms. Kian said in an interview. “That person would not be comfortable here because we bash Trump nightly.”
People like Ms. Kian may be closing themselves off to others, but their actions are legal, according to Sheila C. Salmon, a Washington lawyer who specializes in housing law. Political views are not protected under the Fair Housing Act, which prohibits discrimination based on such factors as race, religion, national origin and disability.
“I don’t see anything illegal about it,” Ms. Salmon said. “It’s like saying you don’t want any nonsmokers.”
Washington has a set of expanded protections that include political affiliation, but Ms. Salmon said it was unclear whether a person’s support of Mr. Trump would fall into this category.
“Would it truly be rejection or discrimination on political affiliation?” she said. “I think there’s a reasonable argument to be made that it’s not.”
Kevin Kemp, 29, who works in advertising at Education Week, is another resident who is screening out Trump supporters.
Mr. Kemp said he used to subtly gauge the politics of potential roommates by making jokes and seeing how they responded. But about a month ago, when he was searching for a roommate to share a two-bedroom apartment in Silver Spring, Md., he found himself going a step further as he drafted a post on Reddit.
“Please no Imperial Sympathizers, Borg, Vogons, Lannisters (some exceptions), Sith or Trump supporters,” he wrote in a post for a roommate, invoking some of fiction’s most notorious villains. His joke, he said, reflected a deeper frustration.
“As a black man, Black Lives Matter is sort of important to me,” he said. “And Trump supporters aren’t known for their fondness of that movement.”
On the other end of the spectrum, people who identify as conservative and support Mr. Trump are navigating difficult terrain. Cole Lyle, a Marine veteran who recently moved here to lobby for funding to provide wounded veterans with service dogs, is using Craigslist and word-of-mouth among his friends to find roommates.
He said he was open to living with anyone, but added that the pool of potential roommates who share his political beliefs was small.
“D.C. is a small town,” Mr. Lyle said. “Republican D.C. is a smaller town, and conservative Republican D.C. is tiny.”
Mr. Lyle, 27, a former intern with the conservative Heritage Foundation, is for the moment staying in the think tank’s intern residence. He said that he hoped that he and his service dog, Kaya, would eventually live in a place where he could find common ground with someone — “dogs are the key to bipartisanship” — but that he did not want to live with anyone who would reject him because of his political views.
“If somebody’s going to put that in an ad, they’re not the type of person I’d want to associate with,” he said. “If someone said, ‘I will not live with a liberal,’ I would probably be equally as likely not to engage with that person.”
But Ms. Kian, who has lived in Washington only since the Obama era, said she was likely to keep screening out Trump supporters.
“I’m not quite sure what this city is going to look like,” Ms. Kian said. “That’s even more reason for me to keep that no-Trump supporters clause in there.”



ARTICLE
■ President Trump, Japan’s prime minister, Shinzo Abe, and their wives will fly to Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Fla., for dinner and a weekend of golf.
■ Treasury Secretary-nominee Steven Mnuchin’s confirmation vote, originally slated for a rare Saturday session in the Senate, has been pushed to Monday.
Mr. Trump overruled his newly minted secretary of state, Rex W. Tillerson, and rejected the secretary’s choice for his deputy at the department, two people briefed on the decision said Friday.
The deputy’s job was denied for Elliott Abrams, a conservative who had served under President Ronald Reagan and President George W. Bush, deals a blow to Mr. Tillerson in his first week on the job. The rejection of Mr. Abrams leaves Mr. Tillerson without a sherpa to help guide the first-time government official around the State Department headquarters.
Mr. Trump had a productive meeting with Mr. Abrams on Tuesday, according to a White House official and a person close to Mr. Abrams. But after it took place, Mr. Trump learned of Mr. Abrams’s pointed criticisms of the president when he was running for president, the administration official said. Among those criticisms was a column headlined “When You Can’t Stand Your Candidate,” which appeared in May 2016 in The Weekly Standard.
Mr. Trump has been increasingly focused on who was with him or against him during his campaign, according to several people who have spoken with him in recent days.
Mr. Tillerson had argued strongly for Mr. Abrams. So had Jared Kushner, Mr. Trump’s son-in-law and a senior adviser. Senator Tom Cotton, Republican of Arkansas who is closely aligned with friends of Mr. Abrams’, and some members of the pro-Israel lobbying group Aipac, had been reaching out to Democratic senators to impress upon them the importance of Mr. Abrams receiving Senate confirmation.
Aides to Mr. Trump did not respond to an email seeking comment.
The revelation that Michael T. Flynn, President Trump’s national security adviser, apparently discussed sanctions with Russia’s ambassador to the United States in the weeks before the inauguration has given Democrats a new cudgel to revive discussions of Mr. Trump’s ties to Russian President Vladimir V. Putin.
And they are swinging it.
Representative Eric Swalwell of California, the ranking Democrat on the C.I.A. subcommittee of the House Intelligence Committee, called it “a crime for someone outside of our government to negotiate with foreign entities on our nation’s behalf.”
Senators Christopher S. Murphy of Connecticut and Edward J. Markey of Massachusetts, both Democrats, were similarly scathing in a joint statement. Said Mr. Murphy:
With the legal fight over President Trump’s travel ban apparently headed for the Supreme Court, a leading contender for the job of arguing the government’s cases before the highest court has dropped out of consideration.
The candidate, Charles J. Cooper, said he was withdrawing as a possible nominee for solicitor general of the United States “after witnessing the treatment of my friend Jeff Sessions,” who was approved as attorney general Wednesday evening after bruising attacks by Senate Democrats over his civil rights record.
Mr. Cooper, a conservative Washington lawyer who argued against gay marriage in an important California case, said that after what Mr. Sessions “had to endure at the hands of a partisan opposition that will say anything and do anything to advance their political interests, I am unwilling to subject myself, my family, and my friends to such a process.”
His withdrawal appears to leave George T. Conway, a New York lawyer who is married to Kellyanne Conway, a top White House aide, as the leading contender for solicitor general. Mr. Trump said Thursday that he expected to select a new nominee in about a week. Whoever gets confirmed for the job could end up arguing the legality of Mr. Trump’s travel ban before the Supreme Court.
No wonder Mr. Trump wants the Mexicans to pay for it.
The wall on the southern border — really a set of fences and walls — would take three and a half years to build and would cost $21.6 billion, according to an internal report by the Department of Homeland Security that was seen by Reuters.
That’s well over the $12 billion estimated by Mr. Trump during the campaign, and the upper bound of $15 billion cited by Republican leaders in Congress.
At a time when federal deficits are again expected to grow, the amount is not pocket change. As the population ages and draws on Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid, the Congressional Budget Office is already expecting the government to heap nearly $10 trillion onto the federal debt over the coming decade — and that is with statutory caps on domestic and military spending. Mr. Trump has already vowed to bust through those caps on the military side of the ledger, something that would take an act of Congress.
Now he’ll have to pay extra for his promised wall — either out of existing domestic programs or above the nondefense caps.
Mr. Trump is still pretty miffed that a three-judge panel of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals unanimously upheld a restraining order against his travel ban from seven majority-Muslim countries.
We can also deduce what he was watching on television: MSNBC’s Morning Joe.
Wonder why it took 12 minutes to compose that post on Twitter.
On Thursday night, The New York Times published a scoop: the president of the United States had not spoken to the president of China, Xi Jinping, who was icing him out over his unorthodox call with the leader of Taiwan during his transition to power, and his suggestion that just maybe, Washington would no longer follow the “One China” policy (which affirms that Taiwan is a province of the mainland).
Hours later, the White House issued a statement that, hey, not only had Mr. Trump just spoken to Mr. Xi, he had also expressed support for the One China policy after all — something Mr. Trump had said he would do only in return for concessions.
The Times story was rewritten accordingly, capturing the news.
But Mr. Trump does not accept the chronology — at least not publicly.
Hillary Clinton has been slow to emerge after her November defeat. But there she was on social media Thursday night, praising the unanimous decision by a three-judge panel of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals to uphold a nationwide restraining order against Mr. Trump’s travel ban for seven majority-Muslim countries.
To which Kellyanne Conway, the Trump campaign-manager-turned-White House adviser, had a reply.
Winning is everything.
First came the video of Representative Mike Coffman of Colorado sneaking out a back door to avoid the angry crowd gathered for his town hall meeting — but his suburban Denver district is swingy.
Then Representative Tom McClintock of California had to flee under guard as constituents in Roseville demanded to know why he was so bent on repealing the Affordable Care Act. But hey, it’s California — even though his turf outside Sacramento isn’t exactly Berkeley.
But Utah? On Wednesday, it was Representative Jason Chaffetz’s turn — in the reddest of states, in the Salt Lake City suburb Cottonwood Heights.
It’s getting ugly out there.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The Senate early Friday approved the nomination of Representative Tom Price to be secretary of health and human services, putting him in charge of President Trump’s efforts to dismantle the Affordable Care Act.
By a vote of 52 to 47, the Senate confirmed Mr. Price, Republican of Georgia, after a debate that focused as much on his ethics and investments as on his views on health policy. Democrats denounced his desire to rein in the growth of Medicare and Medicaid by making fundamental changes to the programs, which insure more than 100 million Americans.
Senator Michael B. Enzi, Republican of Wyoming, said that Mr. Price, a 62-year-old orthopedic surgeon from the suburbs of Atlanta, was “one of the most capable, well-prepared individuals that President Trump could have chosen.”
“Who better than a doctor to head an organization that covers the wide variety of major health care programs?” Mr. Enzi asked.
The majority leader, Senator Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky, said Mr. Price “knows more about health care policy than just about anyone.”
No senators crossed party lines on the roll-call vote, which ended after 2 a.m. on Friday.
Democrats said that Mr. Price, a House member since 2005, had shown bad judgment by actively trading shares of medical and pharmaceutical companies while shaping health policy in Congress. Mr. Price has denied wrongdoing and said at a confirmation hearing, “Everything that I did was ethical, aboveboard, legal and transparent.”
But he recently amended his financial disclosure statement to report a higher value for his investment in a small Australian biotechnology company, and Senator Patty Murray of Washington, the senior Democrat on the Senate health committee, said his financial dealings raised serious questions about potential insider trading that ought to be investigated by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
“While Congressman Price served on the powerful Ways and Means Committee, he traded in health care stocks, pushed policies that helped his portfolio and got special access to a promising stock deal,” said Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon, the senior Democrat on the Finance Committee.
Mr. Price will be the first physician to lead the Department of Health and Human Services since Dr. Louis W. Sullivan stepped down at the end of the first Bush administration in January 1993.
As secretary, Mr. Price will be responsible for a department with an annual budget of more than $1 trillion. Agencies within the department regulate food and drugs, sponsor much of the nation’s biomedical research and combat public health threats, including the Zika virus, opioid drug abuse and bioterrorism.
Some of the Democrats’ animus against Mr. Price stems from experience. Working with him over the last 12 years, they say, they have found him to be an effective advocate for conservative policies that they abhor.
“Buying and selling health care stocks as a member of Congress while you’re voting and helping those companies, that’s bad enough,” said Senator Sherrod Brown, Democrat of Ohio. “But what he wants to do to maybe the greatest program in American history, Medicare, is much, much worse.”
Senator John Cornyn of Texas, the No. 2 Senate Republican, said that Democrats were dragging their feet on confirming Mr. Trump’s nominees because of a desire to “block, stall and obstruct this president at every turn.”
Mr. Price has led efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act and proposed a replacement plan that would roll back federal insurance standards and give states more authority.
“You could say his chief qualification for the job of replacing Obamacare is he had the good sense to oppose it in the first place,” said Senator Tom Cotton, Republican of Arkansas.
Democrats see it differently. “This is the first vote in the dismantling of the Affordable Care Act,” said Senator Maria Cantwell of Washington. Senator Jeanne Shaheen, Democrat of New Hampshire, said Mr. Price had been “a rabid supporter of defunding Planned Parenthood” and “seems to have no higher priority than to terminate health coverage for millions of people.”
As chairman of the House Budget Committee, Mr. Price supported proposals to shift Medicare away from its open-ended commitment to pay for medical services and toward a fixed government contribution for each beneficiary, which could be used for either private insurance or traditional Medicare. Such proposals could increase costs for some people.
The Senate Democratic leader, Chuck Schumer of New York, said Mr. Price had “dedicated his life to destroying Medicare as we know it.”
To make their case, Democrats highlighted a 2009 op-ed article in which Mr. Price said, “Nothing has had a greater negative effect on the delivery of health care than the federal government’s intrusion into medicine through Medicare.”
However, Mr. Trump, as a presidential candidate, often said he did not intend to cut Medicare.
Mr. Price has endorsed the idea of giving each state a fixed amount of federal money in the form of a block grant to provide health care to low-income people on Medicaid. That would be a radical change. Since its creation in 1965, Medicaid has been an open-ended entitlement. If more people become eligible, states receive more federal money.
Democrats have expressed outrage at many of Mr. Trump’s cabinet picks but have not mustered the votes to stop them.
Senator Orrin G. Hatch, Republican of Utah and chairman of the Finance Committee, said Democrats had smeared Mr. Price with “a vague patchwork of allegations of ethical impropriety.” He discerned a pattern: Democrats, he said, “have appeared to be apoplectic about almost every single nominee we’ve had before us.”
The Senate already had confirmed Mr. Trump’s nominees to lead six other departments — defense, education, homeland security, justice, state and transportation — as well as his picks for director of the Central Intelligence Agency and United Nations ambassador. After confirming Mr. Price, the Senate turned to the nomination of Steven T. Mnuchin, Mr. Trump’s pick to be Treasury secretary.
Senate confirmation is expected early next week for Mr. Mnuchin, a former hedge fund manager and Goldman Sachs executive who was national finance chairman for Mr. Trump’s presidential campaign.
But Mr. Mnuchin, like Mr. Price, has been criticized by Democrats, who boycotted a Finance Committee vote on his nomination. Mr. Mnuchin initially failed to disclose nearly $100 million of his assets to the committee, and he faced scrutiny over the foreclosure practices of the OneWest bank when he was its chairman.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — More than any other elected official, Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama laid the intellectual foundation for President Trump’s brand of nationalist politics, agitating for a hard line on immigration and trade while most other Republicans were in thrall to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and Mr. Trump was still firing contestants on “The Apprentice.”
Mr. Sessions, who was sworn in as attorney general on Thursday, was succeeded on the same day in the Senate by the attorney general of Alabama, Luther Strange, a former Washington lobbyist and onetime partner at a white-shoe Birmingham law firm with deep ties to the establishment wing of the Republican Party.
“He’s going to be a mainstream conservative Republican,” Karl Rove, the former strategist for George W. Bush, predicted of Mr. Strange, whom he met in the 1990s when the two worked together on the ferocious campaign for Republican control of the Alabama Supreme Court. “He’s very smart, really hard-working.”
The ascension of Mr. Strange to the seat Mr. Sessions held for 20 years offers a vivid illustration of how, even as Mr. Trump tries to steer the Republican Party toward a more populist orientation on some issues, the institutional party still largely comprises business-aligned Republicans.
Mr. Strange, 63, whose appointment was enthusiastically welcomed by the Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, is no stranger to the swamp, Mr. Trump’s derisive term for the nation’s capital. After playing in the low post on a basketball scholarship at Tulane University, the towering Mr. Strange — whose nickname, “Big Luther,” eventually ended up in campaign television advertisements — found his way to Washington to run the government affairs office for Sonat Offshore, then an influential gas utility based in Alabama.
“He knows how legislation gets done and doesn’t get done, and that gives him a leg up on others who may have a steeper learning curve,” said Clay Ryan, the vice chancellor for government affairs at the University of Alabama System.
A Birmingham native reared in the city’s comfortable suburbs, Mr. Strange eventually made his way home from Washington and became a partner at a powerhouse law firm that represents many of Alabama’s muscular corporate interests.
After working in politics on the outside, including his efforts with Mr. Rove to tilt the state’s judicial system toward business and away from trial lawyers, Mr. Strange entered a race of his own in 2006. He defeated one political scion for the Republican nomination for lieutenant governor, George Wallace Jr., but narrowly lost to another, Jim Folsom Jr., a Democrat and former governor, in the general election.
Four years later, Mr. Strange found success, defeating the incumbent attorney general, a Republican, in the primary and easily winning election that fall. He has cut a prominent profile in Montgomery, the state capital, raising considerable money for the national Republican attorneys general association and making no secret of his ambition to run for higher office. As attorney general, he helped to negotiate a landmark settlement with BP after the catastrophic 2010 oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico.
He has also made some enemies in a state with one-party rule, where the most consequential rivalries are between warring Republican factions. Michael G. Hubbard, the speaker of the House, who engineered the Republican takeover of Montgomery, was convicted last year of ethics charges and removed from office.
Mr. Hubbard blamed political vendettas for his prosecution, which was handled by lawyers from Mr. Strange’s office. (Mr. Strange appointed an acting attorney general to oversee the investigation and trial.)
But by the time Mr. Hubbard was found guilty in June, Gov. Robert Bentley, who appointed Mr. Strange to his Senate seat, was embroiled in his own controversy after a recording of a sexually charged conversation with a top aide became public.
Mr. Bentley, who divorced his wife of 50 years in the months before the recording shocked Alabama, denied that he had had a physical relationship with the woman who was his senior political adviser or that he had committed a crime. Still, the scandal left him politically weak, widely mocked and prone to scrutiny, including an impeachment inquiry in the Legislature.
Mr. Strange proved a central, if quiet, figure in the fallout, and the Legislature suspended its inquiry at his request when he said his office was doing “related work.”
On Thursday, Mr. Strange noted that he had never said specifically that Mr. Bentley was a target of his office, and the governor, who will name Mr. Strange’s successor as attorney general, denied any impropriety in his selection.
Although many Republicans in Alabama cheered Mr. Strange’s appointment, his action in connection with the governor’s scandal led to some skepticism in Montgomery ahead of a special election for the Senate seat that Mr. Bentley’s office said would be held in 2018.
“It’s grimly problematic that the attorney general who blocked the impeachment investigation and who has not gone forward with the Bentley criminal investigation is rewarded with the U.S. Senate appointment,” said the state auditor, Jim Zeigler, a Republican who is a frequent critic of the governor. “There will be a challenger to Luther Strange in the special Senate election, and this will be an issue. His manipulation against any Bentley investigation will be an issue.”
But Mr. Strange will probably have strong support from many senior Republicans.
On Thursday, just before a flood of questions about his own scandal and Mr. Strange’s connection to its aftermath, Mr. Bentley said that Mr. McConnell had sent a clear signal in recent months.
“I went by his office, and the first person that he actually mentioned was Luther Strange,” the governor said. “He named several people, but the first one that he mentioned was Luther Strange.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — White House officials insisted on Thursday that Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, President Trump’s Supreme Court nominee, was not referring to Mr. Trump’s recent denigration of judges when he said privately that he was disheartened by attacks on the courts.
Mr. Trump said on Twitter that the nominee’s remarks had been misrepresented, a sentiment echoed by the White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, during a contentious briefing. A day before, members of the White House team guiding Judge Gorsuch’s confirmation verified that the judge had expressed his dismay in response to questions about Mr. Trump’s insults of judges.
The administration’s abrupt shift highlighted the degree to which Judge Gorsuch’s nomination — a top priority for the president and his core supporters — has become mired in a broader debate over Mr. Trump’s attitude about the constitutional principle of judicial independence.
The president’s feud with the judiciary — he referred to the district court judge who blocked his targeted travel ban as a “so-called judge” and called an appeals court hearing “a disgrace” — is dominating the Senate’s consideration of Judge Gorsuch’s nomination. Senators from both parties are demanding that the judge answer for the president who named him.
Mr. Spicer said that when Judge Gorsuch told senators that he considered such criticism “demoralizing” and “disheartening,” he was referring broadly to any such attacks on the judiciary.
“The judge was very clear that he was not commenting on any specific matter, and that he was asked about his general philosophy,” Mr. Spicer told reporters during a series of testy exchanges. “So you can’t then take that and equate it back to the specific. He literally went out of his way to say I’m not commenting on a specific instance.”
On Thursday, former Senator Kelly Ayotte, Republican of New Hampshire, who is helping with the confirmation process, issued a statement in which she said of Judge Gorsuch, “While he made clear he was not referring to any specific case, he said that he finds any criticism of a judge’s integrity and independence disheartening and demoralizing.”
Mr. Trump lashed out on Twitter at Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut, who first revealed Judge Gorsuch’s remarks after meeting with the nominee on Wednesday. The president noted that Mr. Blumenthal had lied about his service in the Vietnam War and suggested that he had also misstated his exchange with the judge.
The White House’s statements upended what had appeared to be a carefully calculated effort by Judge Gorsuch to gently distance himself from Mr. Trump’s attacks — what some observers saw as an attempt to blunt Democrats’ concerns about whether the judge would stand up to what they call Mr. Trump’s overreach.
While Judge Gorsuch may be working to allay those concerns — under the current Senate rules, he needs some Democratic support to be confirmed — Mr. Trump’s Twitter post and Mr. Spicer’s denials confirmed the worst suspicions of Democrats who were already bent on transforming the process into a referendum on the president.
Senator Chuck Schumer, Democrat of New York and the minority leader, said he had called on Judge Gorsuch in their private meeting on Tuesday to publicly condemn Mr. Trump’s comments about judges.
“He said, ‘Well, I’m disheartened by it,’” Mr. Schumer said. “I said, ‘Your feelings aren’t enough here.’ It’s really not good enough whispering behind closed doors that you’re disheartened. I didn’t think it came close to being enough.”
Senator Ben Sasse, Republican of Nebraska, said he, too, had questioned Judge Gorsuch about the president’s attacks, particularly his reference to a “so-called judge.” Mr. Trump has also called the courts “so political” and said that the judges weighing his travel ban had questioned legal principles that even “a bad high school student would understand.”
Mr. Sasse said on the Senate floor that Judge Gorsuch “got a little bit emotional, and he said that any attack or any criticism of his brothers and sisters of the robe is an attack or a criticism on everybody wearing the robe as a judge.”
“I think that’s something that this body should be pretty excited to hear someone say who’s been nominated to the high court,” he added. “He said that it is incredibly disheartening to hear things that might undermine the credibility and the independence of the judiciary.”
Mr. Trump’s allies suggested that Democrats were seeking to use Judge Gorsuch as a political pawn in their battle with the president over the executive order on immigration, which could well end up before the Supreme Court.
“It puts the judge in a very difficult spot,” said Leonard Leo, a top adviser to Mr. Trump on the Supreme Court process. Judge Gorsuch, he added, is “trying to be gracious, he’s trying to be forthright, he’s trying to be responsive to questions that senators have, and they’re pushing upon him a set of issues that are overtly political and that he, as a matter of judicial ethics, really can’t venture into. I think he did the best he could under the circumstances.”
Veterans of the Supreme Court confirmation process note that the ritual of private meetings with senators is almost completely staged for minimum controversy and maximum impact, with questions discussed in advance, answers honed and rehearsed, and no remark made unless it is intended to withstand public scrutiny.
“You don’t want any surprises, so there’s nothing that you don’t prepare for going into a meeting,” said Stephanie Cutter, a top Obama administration official who shepherded the nomination of Justice Sonia Sotomayor. “They knew this question would be coming, and they would have practiced an answer, and this was what he planned to say.”
Ms. Cutter recalled preparing Justice Sotomayor for a meeting with Senator Patrick J. Leahy, Democrat of Vermont, then the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, in which she worked to explain her  remarks that  that a “wise Latina woman” could reach a “better” decision than a white man. Mr. Leahy left the meeting and promptly repeated the explanation to the assembled reporters, an effort to dispense with the issue before she came before the Senate for confirmation hearings.
“This might have been an attempt to make him look more independent,” Ms. Cutter said of Judge Gorsuch. “He could have created a story line about standing up to Trump.”
But the denials on Thursday were at odds with that narrative. Democrats were quick to jump on them as proof that Judge Gorsuch lacked judicial independence.
“We take Sean Spicer at his word that Judge Gorsuch did not mean to distance himself from Donald Trump’s attacks on the judicial branch,” Zac Petkanas, a senior adviser for the Democratic National Committee, said in a statement. Mr. Petkanas called it proof that the nominee “will be nothing more than a rubber stamp for this out-of-control Trump presidency.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — At an Oval Office ceremony for the swearing in of Jeff Sessions as attorney general, President Trump announced that he was also going to sign three executive orders “designed to restore safety in America,” to “break the back” of cartels and “stop as of today” violence against the police.
The praise began arriving immediately. “I applaud President Trump for taking action to improve the security of our communities,” Representative Robert W. Goodlatte of Virginia, the Republican chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, said in a statement. “President Trump’s executive orders are a good first step toward restoring law and order.”
Still, about 45 minutes later, when the White House released the actual text of the three orders, they turned out to contain few specific policy steps.
For example, the first, on combating international criminal cartels, largely consisted of stating opposition to such groups, and directed the government’s Threat Mitigation Working Group — which already existed because President Barack Obama established it back in 2011 — to review various efforts to battle them and “work to improve” those efforts.
And the other two, on reducing crime and preventing violence against law enforcement officials, directed Mr. Sessions to develop a strategy to achieve those goals by coordinating with other agencies, including at the state and local levels. The new attorney general is also to review existing laws and law enforcement grants and recommend changes if necessary.
Bruce Buchanan, a University of Texas political science professor, said that while Mr. Trump had issued a few “consequential” executive orders early in his presidency — most notably his ban on letting refugees and citizens of seven Muslim-majority nations enter the United States — many of his others had used the high-profile step of issuing an order for the purpose of amplifying a political message.
“It sounds like he is attempting to make it appear as if he is pushing forward policy positions that he wants to take some credit for,” Mr. Buchanan said of the Thursday orders. “He wants to be in the papers for having endorsed things he is generally in favor of, even though there’s nothing really new.”
During the campaign and as president, Mr. Trump has repeatedly invoked fear of crime, sometimes with inaccurate exaggerations. Crime rates peaked in the early 1990s and then significantly declined. Nationally, they remain near historical lows. There was an uptick in 2015, and several large cities, like Chicago, have experienced spikes in crime — even as crime rates in others, like New York, have remained relatively stable.
“We have a crime problem,” Mr. Sessions said after being sworn in. “I wish the blip — I wish the rise that we’re seeing in crime in America today were some sort of aberration or a blip. My best judgment, having been involved in criminal law enforcement for many years, is that this is a dangerous, permanent trend.”
While it remains unclear whether the uptick is just a blip or the start of an enduring trend, several criminal law specialists said there was a need for greater federal efforts in several areas and suggested that the directives might foreshadow more substantial policy changes.
Chuck Wexler, the executive director of the Police Executive Research Forum, pointed to a line in the “purpose” section of the cartel order that states that trafficking by cartels “has triggered a resurgence in deadly drug abuse.” He pointed to rising drug overdose death rates — especially from heroin, much of which is smuggled across the Mexican border.
“A focus on drug trafficking is important and could make a difference,” Mr. Wexler said. Regarding whether anything else in the three orders struck him as significant, he said, “To be honest with you, nothing jumped out at me.”
Daniel Richman, a former federal prosecutor who now teaches criminal law at Columbia University, was less impressed by Mr. Trump’s cartel order, noting that “the targeting of international criminal organizations has always been a high priority, and I supposed he is suggesting that priority will continue.”
Still, he said, the signal sent by Mr. Trump’s order on reducing crime, which talks in vague terms about providing support to state and local law enforcement, could be “a little more serious” given the crime increases in several cities.
During the Obama administration, he said, the United States attorney in Maryland, Rod Rosenstein, whom Mr. Trump has now nominated to be deputy attorney general, embedded federal agents in homicide units in Baltimore. It is possible that practice could be expanded by the Trump administration to cities like Chicago, he said, although the order itself “doesn’t say anything about that.”
At the White House press briefing later on Thursday, Sean Spicer, Mr. Trump’s press secretary, said the orders showed that the Trump administration supported the police and was focused on public safety.
“Over the last eight years, we’ve experienced declining focus on law and order,” Mr. Spicer said. “Crime reduction will clearly be a priority for this White House.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — A federal appeals panel on Thursday unanimously rejected President Trump’s bid to reinstate his ban on travel into the United States from seven largely Muslim nations, a sweeping rebuke of the administration’s claim that the courts have no role as a check on the president.
The three-judge panel, suggesting that the ban did not advance national security, said the administration had shown “no evidence” that anyone from the seven nations — Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen — had committed terrorist acts in the United States.
The ruling also rejected Mr. Trump’s claim that courts are powerless to review a president’s national security assessments. Judges have a crucial role to play in a constitutional democracy, the court said.
“It is beyond question,” the decision said, “that the federal judiciary retains the authority to adjudicate constitutional challenges to executive action.”
The decision was handed down by the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, in San Francisco. It upheld a ruling last Friday by a federal district judge, James L. Robart, who blocked key parts of the travel ban, allowing thousands of foreigners to enter the country.
The appeals court acknowledged that Mr. Trump was owed deference on his immigration and national security policies. But it said he was claiming something more — that “national security concerns are unreviewable, even if those actions potentially contravene constitutional rights and protections.”
Within minutes of the ruling, Mr. Trump angrily vowed to fight it, presumably in an appeal to the Supreme Court.
“SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!” Mr. Trump wrote on Twitter.
At the White House, the president told reporters that the ruling was “a political decision” and predicted that his administration would win an appeal “in my opinion, very easily.” He said he had not yet conferred with his attorney general, Jeff Sessions, on the matter.
The Supreme Court remains short-handed and could deadlock. A 4-to-4 tie there would leave the appeals court’s ruling in place. The administration has moved fast in the case so far, and it is likely to file an emergency application to the Supreme Court in a day or two. The court typically asks for a prompt response from the other side, and it could rule soon after it received one. A decision next week, either to reinstate the ban or to continue to block it, is possible.
The travel ban, one of the first executive orders Mr. Trump issued after taking office, suspended worldwide refugee entry into the United States. It also barred visitors from seven Muslim-majority nations for up to 90 days to give federal security agencies time to impose stricter vetting processes.
Immediately after it was issued, the ban spurred chaos at airports and protests nationwide as foreign travelers found themselves stranded at immigration checkpoints by a policy that critics derided as un-American. The State Department said up to 60,000 foreigners’ visas were canceled in the days immediately after the ban was imposed.
The World Relief Corporation, one of the agencies that resettles refugees in the United States, called the ruling “fabulous news” for 275 newcomers who are scheduled to arrive in the next week, many of whom will be reunited with family.
“We have families that have been separated for years by terror, war and persecution,” said Scott Arbeiter, the president of the organization, which will arrange for housing and jobs for the refugees in cities including Seattle; Spokane, Wash.; and Sacramento.
“Some family members had already been vetted and cleared and were standing with tickets, and were then told they couldn’t travel,” Mr. Arbeiter said. “So the hope of reunification was crushed, and now they will be admitted.”
Several Democrats said they hoped the appeals court ruling would cow Mr. Trump into rescinding the ban. Representative Karen Bass, Democrat of California, said in a statement that the ban “is rooted in bigotry and, most importantly, it’s illegal.”
“We will not stop,” Ms. Bass said.
But some Republicans cast aspersions on the Ninth Circuit’s decision and predicted that it would not withstand a challenge in the Supreme Court.
“Courts ought not second-guess sensitive national security decisions of the president,” Senator Tom Cotton, Republican of Arkansas, said in a statement.
“This misguided ruling is from the Ninth Circuit, the most notoriously left-wing court in America, and the most-reversed court at the Supreme Court,” he said. “I’m confident the administration’s position will ultimately prevail.”
Trial judges nationwide have blocked aspects of Mr. Trump’s executive order, but no other case has yet reached an appeals court. The case in front of Judge Robart, in Seattle, was filed by the states of Washington and Minnesota and is still at an early stage. The appeals court order issued Thursday ruled only on the narrow question of whether to stay a lower court’s temporary restraining order blocking the travel ban.
The appeals court said the government had not justified suspending travel from the seven countries. “The government has pointed to no evidence,” the decision said, “that any alien from any of the countries named in the order has perpetrated a terrorist attack in the United States.”
The three members of the panel were Judge Michelle T. Friedland, appointed by President Barack Obama; Judge William C. Canby Jr., appointed by President Jimmy Carter; and Judge Richard R. Clifton, appointed by President George W. Bush.
They said the states were likely to succeed at the end of the day because Mr. Trump’s order appeared to violate the due process rights of lawful permanent residents, people holding visas and refugees.
The court said the administration’s legal position in the case had been a moving target. It noted that Donald F. McGahn II, the White House counsel, had issued “authoritative guidance” several days after the executive order came out, saying it did not apply to lawful permanent residents. But the court said that “we cannot rely” on that statement.
“The White House counsel is not the president,” the decision said, “and he is not known to be in the chain of command for any of the executive departments.“ It also mentioned “the government’s shifting interpretations” of the executive order.
In its briefs and in the arguments before the panel on Tuesday, the Justice Department’s position evolved. As the case progressed, the administration offered a backup plea for at least a partial victory.
At most, a Justice Department brief said, “previously admitted aliens who are temporarily abroad now or who wish to travel and return to the United States in the future” should be allowed to enter the country despite the ban.
The appeals court ultimately rejected that request, however, saying that people in the United States without authorization have due process rights, as do citizens with relatives who wish to travel to the United States.
The court discussed, but did not decide, whether the executive order violated the First Amendment’s ban on government establishment of religion by disfavoring Muslims.
It noted that the states challenging the executive order “have offered evidence of numerous statements by the president about his intent to implement a ‘Muslim ban.’” And it said, rejecting another administration argument, that it was free to consider evidence about the motivation behind laws that draw seemingly neutral distinctions.
But the court said it would defer a decision on the question of religious discrimination.
“The political branches are far better equipped to make appropriate distinctions,” the decision said. “For now, it is enough for us to conclude that the government has failed to establish that it will likely succeed on its due process argument in this appeal.”
The court also acknowledged “the massive attention this case has garnered at even the most preliminary stages.”
“On the one hand, the public has a powerful interest in national security and in the ability of an elected president to enact policies,” the decision said. “And on the other, the public also has an interest in free flow of travel, in avoiding separation of families, and in freedom from discrimination.”
“These competing public interests,” the court said, “do not justify a stay.”
The court ruling did not affect one part of the executive order: the cap of 50,000 refugees to be admitted in the 2017 fiscal year. That is down from the 110,000 ceiling put in place under President Barack Obama. The order also directed the secretary of state and the secretary of homeland security to prioritize refugee claims made by persecuted members of religious minorities.
As of Thursday, that means the United States will be allowed to accept only about 16,000 more refugees this fiscal year. Since Oct. 1, the start of the fiscal year, 33,929 refugees have been admitted, 5,179 of them Syrians.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The White House on Thursday “counseled” Kellyanne Conway, one of President Trump’s top advisers, in an unusual show of displeasure after she urged consumers to buy fashion products marketed by Ivanka Trump, the president’s daughter. Legal experts said Ms. Conway might have violated a federal ethics rule against endorsing products or promoting an associate’s financial interests.
“Go buy Ivanka’s stuff is what I would say,” Ms. Conway said in a Thursday morning interview with Fox News, speaking from the White House briefing room. “I’m going to give a free commercial here: Go buy it today, everybody; you can find it online.”
Sean Spicer, the president’s press secretary, would not elaborate on what the counseling entailed.
Jason Chaffetz, the Republican chairman of the House Oversight Committee, said Ms. Conway’s comments were “wrong, wrong, wrong, and there’s no excuse for it.” Mr. Chaffetz — who so far had not acted on calls since Election Day to investigate ethics issues related to Mr. Trump — and the panel’s ranking Democrat, Elijah Cummings, formally asked the Office of Government Ethics for an inquiry.
Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington and Public Citizen, nonprofit advocacy groups, sent their own requests to the ethics office to investigate whether Ms. Conway’s comments went over the line. The director of the office, Walter M. Shaub Jr., has said publicly that the president needs to do more to separate himself from his businesses.
Federal ethics rules state that an employee of the government’s executive branch cannot use public office for personal gain or to endorse products or services on behalf of friends or relatives. Legal experts said Ms. Conway, whose title is counselor to the president, appeared to have violated that and possibly other conflict-of-interest rules, which do not apply to the president and vice president, but do apply to their staffs.
The president and the Trump Organization continue to be targets of criticism — and formal requests for investigation by Democrats in Congress — over potential conflicts of interest because of their global business operations. A particular focus of Democratic lawmakers in Congress is Mr. Trump’s lease with the federal government on the Old Post Office building in Washington, redeveloped as the Trump International Hotel. The hotel and Mar-a-Lago, Mr. Trump’s club in Palm Beach, Fla., are among the Trump properties critics see as profiting from a surge in interest because of his presidency.
A lawsuit is also pending in federal court in New York, alleging that Mr. Trump is violating the Constitution by accepting payment from foreign governments at his hotels and golf courses around the world. It is one of dozens of lawsuits filed against him in recent weeks.
The Trumps argue that they have taken major steps to avoid potential conflicts, including withdrawing from more than a dozen planned international deals. But the family is moving ahead with other plans, like the launch of a new hotel brand, Scion, which they hope will develop about 30 hotels around the United States, requiring approval from local governments that rely on federal aid.
Ms. Conway was responding to a Trump family clash with Nordstrom, the department store chain, which has dropped Ms. Trump’s line. On Wednesday, the president used his personal and White House Twitter accounts to lash out at Nordstrom, saying that the company had treated his daughter “so unfairly.” Those comments are the latest in a series of ethical questions about the relationship between his official role and his family’s interests.
Ms. Conway’s remarks amounted to “using your government position as kind of a walking billboard for products or services offered by a private individual,” said Laurence Tribe, a professor of constitutional law at Harvard. “She is attempting quite crudely to enrich Ivanka and therefore the president’s family.”
Ordinarily, such conduct might be handled with a letter of reprimand, though it could lead to termination, legal experts said, but those decisions are largely up to the individual agency.
“I think this is a violation, but I’d like to hear an argument as to why it’s not,” said Lawrence M. Noble, general counsel of the Campaign Legal Center, a nonprofit advocacy group, who was formerly the top lawyer and ethics officer at the Federal Election Commission. “She was speaking on behalf of the White House, in her official position, which makes it more serious.”
Richard W. Painter, chief ethics counsel under President George W. Bush, said Ms. Conway’s conduct would not have been tolerated in that administration.
Recent events show that the president and the people close to him do not intend “to make meaningful distinctions between his official capacity as president and the Trump family business,” he said. Of Mr. Trump’s aides, Mr. Painter said, “Instead of trying to push him back on this, they’re jumping in this and shilling for the businesses alongside him.”
Nordstrom, one of several retailers to reduce or eliminate its ties to Ms. Trump’s line of clothes, jewelry and accessories, said its decision to do so was based purely on sales performance. But deep division in views of Mr. Trump have put retailers in a bind. Critics of the president have called for a boycott of Trump-branded products and the stores that sell them, while his supporters have called for a boycott of stores that drop them.
Ms. Conway said that Ms. Trump was being targeted by people who disliked her father. “They’re using her to get to him,” Ms. Conway said on Thursday.
The president and his daughter have pledged to distance themselves from their various businesses. Ms. Trump has stepped away from her leadership role at the Ivanka Trump brand, and she and her father have resigned as executives at the Trump Organization.
But recent events underscore the strong financial ties that remain. Mr. Trump will continue to receive reports on the performance of the Trump Organization, while Ms. Trump has given no indication that she plans to sell her brand.
Much as her father has over the years, Ms. Trump licenses her name to various partners that manufacture and market her products.
A day after Nordstrom pulled Ms. Trump’s products from its website, Neiman Marcus did the same, alluding to poor sales.
Ms. Trump has no official role in the administration, but her father has included her in meetings with industry and government leaders, and her husband, Jared Kushner, is an adviser to the president. Acting as a surrogate for her father last year, she drew free attention to the Ivanka Trump-branded products — sheath dresses, heels and jewelry — that she sometimes wore.
That commingling created a thicket of ethical issues that became more pointed after the election.
The dress she wore at the Republican National Convention, for example, was among the items presented to apparel buyers in Japan last year, as Ms. Trump’s company was finalizing a deal with a Japanese clothing company whose largest shareholder is a government-owned bank. That deal was in its final stages when Ms. Trump joined her father’s meeting with Japan’s prime minister, Shinzo Abe, in November. A representative for Ms. Trump said she later withdrew from that deal.
And in November, after her father’s election and the day after she appeared on “60 Minutes,” Ivanka Trump Fine Jewelry sent an email to fashion journalists with a photo from the interview, alerting them that the gold-and-diamond bangle she wore in the picture was available for $10,800. The jewelry line later apologized.



ARTICLE
■ President Trump met with airline industry executives and complained that “we spent six trillion dollars in the Middle East, we got nothing.”
■ Representative Tom Price could finally get a vote as soon as Friday to be confirmed as secretary of health and human services.
■ Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, and Senator Patty Murray of Washington, the ranking Democrat on the labor committee, are going after Andrew Puzder, Mr. Trump’s embattled nominee for labor secretary.
It was a bit of a kiss-and-tell moment when Senator Richard Blumenthal, Democrat of Connecticut, told reporters that President Trump’s nominee for the Supreme Court, Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, had called Mr. Trump’s attacks on the judiciary “demoralizing” and “disheartening.”
The account was readily confirmed on the record by a White House adviser, Ron Bonjean, working to advance the Gorsuch confirmation.
But that wasn’t enough to stop the president from going after Mr. Bluementhal where it hurt:
The president was referring to 2010 news, broken in The New York Times, a media outlet he has openly criticized, that Mr. Blumenthal had  exaggerated his Vietnam-era service.
The president, who might want to be making friends with the senators who need to confirm Judge Gorsuch, tipped his hand as to what news program he was watching Thursday morning: CNN, where Mr. Blumenthal was being interviewed. Mr. Trump registered his discontent.
Actually, Mr. Cuomo did ask about Mr. Blumenthal’s service, he said.
It is also unclear what was “fake” about a story that relied as much on the people shepherding the Gorsuch nomination through the Senate as on one of the senators who will cast a vote.
Senator Ben Sasse, Republican of Nebraska, confirmed the Blumenthal account Thursday morning, as did former Senator Kelly Ayotte, a Republican and one of Judge Gorsuch’s shepherds.
Mr. Cuomo also did not ask the senator about the president’s bone spurs.
Maybe he was just not positively disposed toward the United States Senate Thursday morning.
After taking a whack at Senator Blumenthal, Mr. Trump turned to an old nemesis, Senator John McCain of Arizona, chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, whose actual Vietnam heroism, beyond dispute, was disparaged by Mr. Trump.
This time, the president was unhappy that Mr. McCain had suggested that the recent raid in Yemen that resulted in the death of an American commando, multiple civilians and possibly a child who was an American citizen was not a success.
The president’s tweets came after his press secretary, Sean Spicer, asserted Wednesday that the senator owed an apology to Chief Petty Officer William “Ryan” Owens, who lost his life in the raid.
Mr. McCain offered no such thing.
“When you lose a $75 million airplane and, more importantly, an American life is lost, I don’t believe you can call it a success,” he told NBC News.
Jeff Sessions’ bruising confirmation as attorney general Wednesday evening set off a predictable flurry of news releases that declared the now-former Alabama senator to be a great American who would “make America a safer place” (the National Rifle Association) or “a lap dog” and a “dangerous gamble” (the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence).
But for all the bombastic pronouncements, a more measured, sober-minded note came from, wait for it, the pot industry.
Mr. Sessions has been a longtime foe of legalizing marijuana, but the National Cannabis Industry Association was totally chill. “We look forward” to working with Mr. Sessions to maintain the Justice Department’s current hands-off approach to state marijuana policies, the association said.
“We will work with him to do that,” the industry said cheerfully.
In other words, don’t bogart that joint, my friend.
When President Trump met with the airline industry on Thursday, the executives had plenty to complain about: an air traffic control system that is out of date, an airport infrastructure that is failing, computers that are melting down.
And in the president, the executives found a sympathetic ear. Airports are getting “the wrong stuff,” he said. The air traffic control network is “a system that’s totally out of whack.”
Why?
“We spent six trillion dollars in the Middle East, we got nothing,” the president said. “And we have an obsolete plane system, we have obsolete airports.”
The day President Trump took the oath of office, he filed paperwork to declare his candidacy for re-election, not so much because he was overeager but because money was still flowing into his campaign coffers, and any funds raised over $5,000 in 2017 would have had to be returned unless Mr. Trump registered as a candidate. And we know the president doesn’t like refunds.
So what’s a federal employee to do with a boss who was technically running for office the day he stepped into the Oval Office? The Office of Special Counsel has answers. It has told federal employees that they may not express a view about whether Mr. Trump should be re-elected or defeated in 2020 while on duty or in the workplace, but it assured them that they were otherwise free to express support or disapproval about Mr. Trump and his policies.
A new guidance document was issued on Tuesday after the office said that it had received numerous inquiries about the impact of Mr. Trump’s filing for re-election. In contrast, former President Barack Obama filed such paperwork more than two years after his inauguration.
The office — an independent agency that watchdogs civil-service protections — said that with the exception of expressly advocating Mr. Trump’s success or failure in the 2020 election, federal employees were still pretty free.
“Because the 2020 election is still more than three years away, at this time not all expressions of support or opposition to President Trump constitute political activity for purposes of the Hatch Act,” which prohibits federal employees from politicking, it said.
The office also developed a new answer to its list of frequently asked questions that spells out with greater detail the scope and limits of federal employees’ right to express their views while they are at work or on duty.
The new answer distinguished between expressing a view about current events, policy issues and matters of public interest — which federal employees are always free to do — and political activity, meaning advocating the success or failure of a particular political candidate or party.
For example, it said, federal employees on duty or in the workplace are free to say “I agree with health care reform,” but not, “If you disagree with health care reform you should support candidate X.”
Andrew Puzder, the chief executive of the fast-food corporation that gave the world Carl’s Jr., Hardee’s, and racy ads of bikini-clad women eating large hamburgers, is finally getting his confirmation hearing (on Feb. 16) after multiple delays.
And Democrats see a cabinet nominee they may just be able to derail.
Senator Chuck Schumer, the Democratic minority leader, called on the president to withdraw Mr. Puzder’s nomination, describing his business record as “anti-worker.” He also picked up the conservatives’ war cry, assailing Mr. Puzder for hiring an undocumented immigrant to clean his house.
“They ought to withdraw Puzder’s nomination before he further embarrasses this administration and further exposes the hypocrisy of President Trump in saying one thing to the workers of America and doing another,” Mr. Schumer said.
Momentum may be building. Democrats have attacked his record at CKE, the parent company of the fast-food chains. Opponents have moved to unseal divorce records, which may contain details of domestic violence accusations leveled by his ex-wife, then retracted.
And until Mr. Schumer chimed in, conservatives — led by the White House adviser Steve Bannon’s Breitbart News — were the leading voices attacking Mr. Puzder for employing an undocumented immigrant.
Well, if he doesn’t get confirmed, Mr. Puzder will have a nest egg to fall back on. Ethics documents released Wednesday night showed that he pulled in a $3.4 million salary last year, owns as much as $55 million in company stock that he must divest himself of, expects a bonus of $1 million to $5 million and even secured a relocation benefit worth between $250,000 and $500,000.
And he would not be nearly the richest member of the cabinet.
Budget season is fast approaching on Capitol Hill, and Defense Secretary Jim Mattis met for a private breakfast on Wednesday with the lawmakers who will largely decide on the Pentagon’s coming request for more money to increase what President Trump has said are the nation’s badly “depleted” armed forces.
Mr. Mattis and top aides met with the senior Republican and Democrat on the House and Senate Armed Services Committees, and their counterparts on the House and Senate Appropriations Committees that control the Pentagon’s purse strings.
The big plus-up is complicated, however. Under the terms of the 2011 Budget Control Act, both domestic and military spending is subject to hard, statutory budget caps. Republicans want to lift those caps for the Defense Department. Democrats insist that they will go along only if the caps are raised for domestic spending as well.
For a guy who famously — and rightly — rejected the polls that showed he would not win the presidency, Mr. Trump has suddenly become quite enamored with those surveys.
Vexed by the federal courts and questioned by the press, the president has turned to public opinion to bolster his policies, especially his temporary ban on visas to travelers from seven predominantly Muslim nations.
And it’s not just polls of Americans. Hey, polls of Europeans back him up too.
And of course, polls also back up his feeling for the news media — which, as you might have noticed, he doesn’t like.



ARTICLE
Melania Trump has chosen Anna Cristina Niceta Lloyd, a Washington event planner who helped coordinate President Trump’s Inauguration Day celebrations, as her social secretary, the White House said Wednesday.
The appointment is a step forward for Mrs. Trump, who has remained out of sight in Washington and seems to be staffing the East Wing from afar. According to a statement from the White House on Wednesday, Ms. Niceta Lloyd, who is known as Rickie, will be immersed in overseeing all social events and gatherings, including state dinners and the White House Easter Egg Roll.
Ms. Niceta Lloyd, 46, has worked for over two decades as an account executive at the Washington event planning business Design Cuisine, where she has been the main coordinator of events at the State Department and for previous Republican and Democratic inaugurals.
“Rickie brings with her over 22 years of solid diplomatic, political and social entertaining experience,” Mrs. Trump said in a statement. “I am looking forward to sharing my ideas and traditions of entertaining and social hospitality to America’s house, my new home as well. That, along with Rickie’s vast experience, I am even more excited.”
Mrs. Trump is selecting as her envoy to the city’s social scene someone whose family has deep ties to the Washington establishment, a point the White House emphasized in its statement. In 2006, Ms. Niceta Lloyd married Thomas Lloyd, the grandson of Rachel Lambert Mellon, in Washington. Mrs. Mellon, known as Bunny, was the heiress, philanthropist and art collector who became famous for helping redesign the White House Rose Garden with Jacqueline Kennedy.
So far, Mrs. Trump has offered few clues about her ambitions as first lady, although her debut fashion choice reflected a reverence for American design. On Inauguration Day she wore a Tiffany-blue dress and matching jacket by Ralph Lauren that channeled the classic American style closely associated with Mrs. Kennedy.
Last week, Mrs. Trump named Lindsay Reynolds, who worked in the White House under President George W. Bush, as her chief of staff.
Kate Andersen Brower, the author of the book “First Women,” an examination of first ladies throughout modern history, said Mrs. Trump was nodding to the Washington establishment and, once again, referencing Mrs. Kennedy.
“I think along with Lindsay Reynolds it’s definitely a sign of them kind of bowing to the traditional people who work in this job,” Ms. Andersen Brower said. “I think it’s interesting that she’s chosen someone who has ties to Jackie Kennedy, who she clearly admires, and who could be a modern day Letitia Baldrige,” she added, referring to Mrs. Kennedy’s social secretary.
Ms. Niceta Lloyd’s mother, Hope Niceta, said her daughter’s hiring plans “all started evolving” after she organized an Inauguration Day lunch at the Capitol. On the day of the lunch, Ms. Niceta Lloyd posed with a head chef and a floral designer in a rose-filled room, where Maine lobster and Gulf shrimp were on the menu.
“For the past 20 years,” Mrs. Niceta said, “every time there’s been an inauguration, her company did the luncheon and she was in charge.”
Mrs. Niceta said her daughter, a graduate of Hollins University who has two young children, is good at handling large-scale events and staying organized.
“She wouldn’t get the job if she wasn’t,” Mrs. Niceta said.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — A former security contractor was indicted on Wednesday on charges of stealing a trove of highly classified information that federal prosecutors, for the first time, said included documents on sensitive counterterrorism operations, a foreign intelligence target the C.I.A. was tracking and the launch of a satellite.
The 20-count indictment that was unsealed in Maryland federal court offered just a glimpse of what prosecutors claim Harold T. Martin III, 52, stole undetected for years.
Mr. Martin, of Glen Burnie, Md., was arrested in late August after the F.B.I. raided his house and found an estimated 50 terabytes of electronic files in his home office, car and shed. It is still not clear why Mr. Martin was hoarding the documents, and prosecutors have not suggested, at least publicly, that he might have passed the information to anyone or sold it to a foreign intelligence agency.
The indictment says Mr. Martin was employed as a private contractor for the American government from December 1993 to August 2016. In that time, he worked for at least seven private companies, including Booz Allen Hamilton. He held security clearances that allowed him access to some of the government’s most sensitive intelligence programs.
“The indictment alleges that for as long as two decades, Harold Martin flagrantly abused the trust placed in him by the government by stealing documents containing highly classified information,” Rod J. Rosenstein, the United States attorney for Maryland, said in a statement.
Mr. Martin’s lawyer, James Wyda of the federal public defender’s office, said he had no comment. If convicted on all counts, Mr. Martin could face a 200-year prison sentence. He is being held without bail.
According to the indictment, he is accused of taking materials from the C.I.A., the National Security Agency, the United States Cyber Command, the Defense Department and the National Reconnaissance Office, which is in charge of America’s intelligence satellites.
A majority of the documents listed in the indictment against Mr. Martin were taken from the N.S.A., according to prosecutors. There is a 1996 N.S.A. weekly status summary of national defense concerns around the world; an outline of an exercise involving N.S.A. and American military “resources to demonstrate existing cyberintelligence and operational capabilities”; and an N.S.A. “antiterrorism operational document concerning extremely sensitive U.S. planning and operations regarding global terrorists.”
It appears that Mr. Martin took home classified information just days before his arrest, while he was working at the Cyber Command. One document was dated Aug. 17, 2016, and was described as discussing gaps in military capabilities and details of specific operations.
According to court documents, Mr. Martin served in the United States Navy for four years until 1992 and then was in the Navy Reserve for eight years.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Republican congressional aides have set their iPhones to flutter every time President Trump hurls a thunderbolt on Twitter. Senators nod politely at his false claims of mass voter fraud during private White House meetings. The congressional morning briefing literature now includes a rundown of overnight and early-morning social media missives from the commander in chief.
“It doesn’t take that long to read ’em,” said Senator Bob Corker, Republican of Tennessee.
After three weeks in the White House, Mr. Trump has made clear that he is going to continue promulgating conspiracy theories, flinging personal insults and saying things that are plainly untrue. And the Republican-controlled House and Senate seem to have made a collective decision: They will accommodate — not confront — his conduct as long as he signs their long-stalled conservative proposals on taxes, regulations and health care into law.
“There’s a widely held view among our members that, yes, he’s going to say things on a daily basis that we’re not going to like,” said Senator John Thune of South Dakota, the third-ranking Senate Republican, “but that the broad legislative agenda and goals that we have — if we can stay focused on those and try and get that stuff enacted — those would be big wins.”
Such accommodation is coming at a price, attracting incredulous or angry constituents to town hall meetings, leaving members flat-footed when presented with the latest presidential provocation and testing the capacity of now perpetually clogged phone lines on Capitol Hill.
Some of this would have happened under any Republican president — lawmakers were quick to note the ferocity of protests under President George W. Bush. But much of it is unique to Mr. Trump, whose rampaging presidency has spurred uncommon civic engagement even in deep-red districts.
“What is your line in the sand?” a retired Utah teacher demanded last week of Representative Jason Chaffetz, the Republican chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, who slogged through a jeer-heavy forum back home.
But at least for now, that is a price Republicans seem willing to pay. In effect, congressional Republicans have sought to compartmentalize Mr. Trump’s presidency, adopting a cafeteria-style approach. They reach for the more appealing offerings, such as the Supreme Court nominee, Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, and avert their gaze from less appetizing or, to some, downright indefensible elements (America is not so different from Vladimir V. Putin’s Russia), which would have surely drawn relentless rebukes if uttered by President Barack Obama.
Some lawmakers take comfort knowing that the president’s behavior last year didn’t hurt their campaigns, and they have used the electoral result as a justification unto itself, suggesting — as Mr. Trump has constantly — that his campaign success validates his approach.
“He’s a unique personality, to be sure,” acknowledged Senator John Cornyn of Texas, the Republican whip. “But he’s gotten this far the way he is, and I think that probably leads him to think, well, it’s working for him so far, so why change?”
And Republican lawmakers do not mind?
“As long as we’re able to get things done,” Mr. Cornyn said.
Individual Republican senators have criticized the president in mostly isolated cases, none more vocally than Senator John McCain of Arizona, who blasted the president’s comparison between Mr. Putin’s extrajudicial killings and American conduct, and recently expressed concerns about a military raid in Yemen that resulted in the death of an American commando and multiple civilians.
Often, the president has taken note — in brushback pitches that serve as warnings, if not to Mr. McCain, then to lawmakers who might emulate him.
“He’s been losing so long he doesn’t know how to win anymore,” Mr. Trump wrote of Mr. McCain on Twitter on Thursday morning, calling to mind Mr. Trump’s suggestion during the campaign that Mr. McCain was not a war hero because he had been captured in combat.
Hours later, Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, went to the Senate floor and lamented the attacks on Mr. McCain and other Republicans.
Senator Orrin G. Hatch, Republican of Utah, then followed — and seemed far less bothered.
“I personally wish he would choose his words a little more carefully,” Mr. Hatch said of the president. “On the other hand, I kind of find him refreshing, that he doesn’t take any guff from anybody.”
Privately, lawmakers and members of their staffs have pleaded with Mr. Trump’s inner circle for more discipline from the president and his White House.
“We might talk to the vice president, but certainly not for public attribution,” Mr. Cornyn said of Vice President Mike Pence, who joins Senate Republicans once a week at their regular luncheons in the Capitol.
By and large, though, Republicans in Congress are treating Mr. Trump as an individual to be worked around in his own administration.
“I think we can get a lot done with the people around him,” Mr. McCain said, dismissing policy pronouncements from Mr. Trump that often differ from “the day before.”
Practically patting Mr. Trump on the head, Senator Lamar Alexander, Republican of Tennessee, said, “If he pays attention to people like General Kelly when he’s doing a travel restriction and if he appoints people like Neil Gorsuch when he’s making appointments, he’ll be rewarded for that by all the praise, and maybe he’ll do more of it.” (Former Gen. John F. Kelly is the Homeland Security secretary.)
In hopes of repairing their relationship with Congress after the botched rollout of the travel ban, Mr. Trump’s aides have aggressively courted congressional Republicans. In addition to Mr. Pence with his weekly visits, Marc Short, Mr. Trump’s chief legislative liaison, has already become ubiquitous in the Capitol.
And powerful senators are enjoying significant attention: Mr. McCain, the Armed Services Committee chairman, said he had already had three conversations with Michael T. Flynn, the national security adviser, and a breakfast with Jim Mattis, the defense secretary. Mr. Hatch, who is chairman of the Finance Committee, had a 90-minute meeting with Mr. Trump in the White House. And Mr. Alexander, the chairman of the health and education panel, was invited to the White House last Thursday for lunch with Mr. Trump.
Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, said there was “a high level of satisfaction” with the new White House, insisting that members cared little about “the daily tweets.”
The deflection is bicameral. When a reporter recently noted that the House speaker, Paul D. Ryan, had often declined to weigh in on the “tweet of the day,” Mr. Ryan lit up.
“You got my talking points down already!” he said, before gently fielding a question about Mr. Trump’s attacks on the federal judge who halted his travel ban.
“Look, he’s not the first president to get frustrated with a ruling from a court,” Mr. Ryan said with a shrug.
While the détente between an anti-establishment president and its establishment-aligned leaders on Capitol Hill may seem wholly transactional, some Republicans say the fury on the left toward Mr. Trump along with the denunciations from many news outlets has helped forge his bond with the voters that he and congressional Republicans share, particularly in the conservative-dominated House.
When the president addressed congressional Republicans at their retreat in Philadelphia last month, Mr. Trump’s aside about news coverage — “nothing fair about the media,” he said with a sneer — earned perhaps the most enthusiastic applause.
“While it may upset The New York Times, Hollywood, the cast of ‘Hamilton’ and the groups marching in the streets, it is not upsetting to the constituents that elected these members and senators,” Sam Geduldig, a Republican lobbyist, said of Mr. Trump’s behavior. “There is a feeling that if those groups are against you, you’re doing the right thing.”
More skeptical Republicans believe that lawmakers are deluding themselves if they treat Mr. Trump as a normal president — quirky but tolerable, like a colorful uncle at Thanksgiving dinner.
“They’re mostly ignoring him, humoring him occasionally while the rest of the family gets along fine, enjoys the turkey and watches the game,” said William Kristol, the former editor of The Weekly Standard. “But he’s not just a bit player or a guest. He’s the president.”
And in the Capitol, he can never be ignored for long.
Strolling to a meeting last week, Mr. Corker was asked about the latest Trump controversy: The president had just attacked the retailer Nordstrom for dropping his daughter Ivanka’s accessories and clothing line.
The senator flashed a broad smile.
“Did he really?” he asked.



ARTICLE
Over the weekend, The Times published this investigation into the agency that Michael T. Flynn was leading before he stepped down. Read our updated article on Mr. Flynn’s resignation. 
WASHINGTON — These are chaotic and anxious days inside the National Security Council, the traditional center of management for a president’s dealings with an uncertain world.
Three weeks into the Trump administration, council staff members get up in the morning, read President Trump’s Twitter posts and struggle to make policy to fit them. Most are kept in the dark about what Mr. Trump tells foreign leaders in his phone calls. Some staff members have turned to encrypted communications to talk with their colleagues, after hearing that Mr. Trump’s top advisers are considering an “insider threat” program that could result in monitoring cellphones and emails for leaks.
The national security adviser, Michael T. Flynn, has hunkered down since investigators began looking into what, exactly, he told the Russian ambassador to the United States about the lifting of sanctions imposed in the last days of the Obama administration, and whether he misled Vice President Mike Pence about those conversations. His survival in the job may hang in the balance.
Although Mr. Trump suggested to reporters aboard Air Force One on Friday that he was unaware of the latest questions swirling around Mr. Flynn’s dealings with Russia, aides said over the weekend in Florida — where Mr. Flynn accompanied the president and Japan’s prime minister, Shinzo Abe — that Mr. Trump was closely monitoring the reaction to Mr. Flynn’s conversations. There are transcripts of a conversation in at least one phone call, recorded by American intelligence agencies that wiretap foreign diplomats, which may determine Mr. Flynn’s future.
Stephen Miller, the White House senior policy adviser, was circumspect on Sunday about Mr. Flynn’s future. Mr. Miller said on NBC’s “Meet the Press” that possibly misleading the vice president on communications with Russia was “a sensitive matter.” Asked if Mr. Trump still had confidence in Mr. Flynn, Mr. Miller responded, “That’s a question for the president.”
This account of life inside the council — offices made up of several hundred career civil servants who advise the president on counterterrorism, foreign policy, nuclear deterrence and other issues of war and peace — is based on conversations with more than two dozen current and former council staff members and others throughout the government. All spoke on the condition that they not be quoted by name for fear of reprisals.
“It’s so far a very dysfunctional N.S.C.,” Representative Adam B. Schiff of California, the senior Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said in a telephone interview.
In a telephone conversation on Sunday afternoon, K. T. McFarland, the deputy national security adviser, said that early meetings of the council were brisker, tighter and more decisive than in the past, but she acknowledged that career officials were on edge. “Not only is this a new administration, but it is a different party, and Donald Trump was elected by people who wanted the status quo thrown out,” said Ms. McFarland, a veteran of the Reagan administration who most recently worked for Fox News. “I think it would be a mistake if we didn’t have consternation about the changes — most of the cabinet haven’t even been in government before.”
There is always a shakedown period for any new National Security Council, whose staff is drawn from the State Department, the Pentagon and other agencies and is largely housed opposite the White House in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building.
President Barack Obama replaced his first national security adviser, Gen. James Jones, a four-star former supreme allied commander in Europe, after concluding that the general was a bad fit for the administration. The first years of President George W. Bush’s council were defined by clashes among experienced bureaucratic infighters — Dick Cheney, Donald Rumsfeld and Colin Powell among them — and by decisions that often took place outside official channels.
But what is happening under the Trump White House is different, officials say, and not just because of Mr. Trump’s Twitter foreign policy. (Two officials said that at one recent meeting, there was talk of feeding suggested Twitter posts to the president so the council’s staff would have greater influence.)
A number of staff members who did not want to work for Mr. Trump have returned to their regular agencies, leaving a larger-than-usual hole in the experienced bureaucracy. Many of those who remain, who see themselves as apolitical civil servants, have been disturbed by displays of overt partisanship. At an all-hands meeting about two weeks into the new administration, Ms. McFarland told the group it needed to “make America great again,” numerous staff members who were there said.
New Trump appointees are carrying coffee mugs with that Trump campaign slogan into meetings with foreign counterparts, one staff member said.
Nervous staff members recently met late at night at a bar a few blocks from the White House and talked about purging their social media accounts of any suggestion of anti-Trump sentiments.
Mr. Trump’s council staff draws heavily from the military — often people who had ties to Mr. Flynn when he served as a senior military intelligence officer and then as the director of the Defense Intelligence Agency before he was forced out of the job. Many of the first ideas that have been floated have involved military, rather than diplomatic, initiatives.
Last week, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis was exploring whether the Navy could intercept and board an Iranian ship to look for contraband weapons possibly headed to Houthi fighters in Yemen. The potential interdiction seemed in keeping with recent instructions from Mr. Trump, reinforced in meetings with Mr. Mattis and Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson, to crack down on Iran’s support of terrorism.
But the ship was in international waters in the Arabian Sea, according to two officials. Mr. Mattis ultimately decided to set the operation aside, at least for now. White House officials said that was because news of the impending operation leaked, a threat to security that has helped fuel the move for the insider threat program. But others doubt whether there was enough basis in international law, and wondered what would happen if, in the early days of an administration that has already seen one botched military action in Yemen, American forces were suddenly in a firefight with the Iranian Navy.
Ms. McFarland often draws on her television experience to make clear to officials that they need to make their points in council meetings quickly, and she signals when to wrap up, several participants said.
And while Mr. Obama liked policy option papers that were three to six single-spaced pages, council staff members are now being told to keep papers to a single page, with lots of graphics and maps.
“The president likes maps,” one official said.
Paper flow, the lifeblood of the bureaucracy, has been erratic. A senior Pentagon official saw a draft executive order on prisoner treatment only through unofficial rumors and news media leaks. He called the White House to find out if it was real and said he had concerns but was not sure if he was authorized to make suggestions.
Officials said that the absence of an orderly flow of council documents, ultimately the responsibility of Mr. Flynn, explained why Mr. Mattis and Mike Pompeo, the director of the C.I.A., never saw a number of Mr. Trump’s executive orders before they were issued. One order had to be amended after it was made public, to reassure Mr. Pompeo that he had a regular seat on the council.
White House officials say that was a blunder, and that the process of reviewing executive orders has been straightened out by Reince Priebus, the White House chief of staff.
Still, Mr. Flynn presents additional complications beyond his conversations with the Russian ambassador. His aides say he is insecure about whether his unfettered access to Mr. Trump during the campaign is being scaled back and about a shadow council created by Stephen K. Bannon, Mr. Trump’s top strategist, who was invited to attend meetings of the “principals committee” of the council two weeks ago. For his part, Mr. Bannon sees the United States as headed toward an inevitable confrontation with two adversaries — China and Iran.
Mr. Flynn finds himself in a continuing conflict with the intelligence agencies, whose work on Russia and other issues he has dismissed as subpar and politically biased. Last week, in an incident first reported by Politico, one of Mr. Flynn’s top deputies, Robin Townley, was denied the high-level security clearance he needed before he could take up his job on the council as the senior director for Africa.
It was not clear what in Mr. Townley’s past disqualified him, and in every administration some officials are denied clearances. But some saw the intelligence community striking back.
Two people with direct access to the White House leadership said Mr. Flynn was surprised to learn that the State Department and Congress play a pivotal role in foreign arms sales and technology transfers. So it was a rude discovery that Mr. Trump could not simply order the Pentagon to send more weapons to Saudi Arabia — which is clamoring to have an Obama administration ban on the sale of cluster bombs and precision-guided weapons lifted — or to deliver bigger weapons packages to the United Arab Emirates.
Several staff members said that Mr. Flynn, who was a career Army officer, was not familiar with how to call up the National Guard in an emergency — for, say, a natural disaster like Hurricane Katrina or the detonation of a dirty bomb in an American city.
At the all-hands meeting, Mr. Flynn talked about the importance of a balanced work life, taking care of family, and using the time at the council to gain experience that would help staff members in other parts of the government. At one point, the crowd was asked for a show of hands of how many expected to be working at the White House in a year.
Mr. Flynn turned to Ms. McFarland and, in what seemed to be a self-deprecating joke, said, “I wonder if we’ll be here a year from now?”



ARTICLE
As a private citizen, Donald J. Trump was repeatedly critical of President Obama’s fondness for relaxing with a round of golf.
“Can you believe that, with all of the problems and difficulties facing the U.S., President Obama spent the day playing golf.” Mr. Trump tweeted on Oct. 13, 2014. “Worse than Carter.”
“We pay for Obama’s travel so he can fundraise millions so Democrats can run on lies,” he said a day later. “Then we pay for his golf.”
Then for a third time that month, Mr. Trump tweeted about Mr. Obama’s golf habit on Oct. 23, 2014.
“President Obama has a major meeting on the N.Y.C. Ebola outbreak, with people flying in from all over the country, but decided to play golf!”
As a president, though, Mr. Trump seems to have had a change of heart about the appropriateness of a president hitting the links.
On Saturday, Mr. Trump played golf with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan at two of his courses in South Florida: 18 holes at the Trump National Golf Club in Jupiter, and nine more at the Trump International Golf Club in nearby West Palm Beach. On Sunday, he returned, without Mr. Abe, to the club in West Palm Beach for five hours.
It was the president’s second visit this month to South Florida, where he owns the Mar-a-Lago resort in West Palm Beach along with the golf courses.
Last weekend, he spent four and a half hours at one of his golf clubs, a day before hosting a Super Bowl Party at Mar-a-Lago, which its original owner, the heiress Marjorie Merriweather Post, named the “winter White House.”
Little was known about Mr. Trump’s time at either golf club this month — the White House last week declined to confirm whether he even played, or who accompanied him. On Saturday, Mr. Trump and his aides covered doors and windows at the Trump National Golf Club in Jupiter to keep the journalists inside from snapping photos of the president and Mr. Abe on the course.
But an administration-approved photo appeared on Mr. Trump’s social media pages that showed the two leaders high-fiving under a blue sky dotted with fluffy white clouds, a gigantic American flag waving in the background.
It was a change for a man who over the past five years had repeatedly criticized the sitting president for golfing, on the grounds that the trips were costly to taxpayers and came at the expense of time that he thought Mr. Obama should have spent on government duties.
Since Mr. Trump became president, his resort, Mar-a-Lago, has doubled its initiation fee to $200,000, drawing a rebuke from critics who say he is profiting off the presidency. But Mr. Trump and his aides say that using an informal setting outside Washington to entertain foreign leaders — as other presidents have done — will put those dignitaries at ease.
On Saturday, Mr. Trump told reporters that he and Mr. Abe “got to know each other very, very well” while golfing.
Mr. Trump was not always so critical of Mr. Obama’s golf habit. In June 2012, he tweeted that he would someday like to play a round of golf with the president.
And that same year, he suggested that Mr. Obama should have expanded his circle of golfing buddies to include more Republicans: “That way maybe the terrible gridlock would end.”
But soon Mr. Trump had soured on Mr. Obama’s time on the greens, often tweeting his own critiques and retweeting those of his followers:
Mr. Trump is, by at least one account, a fine golfing companion. In December, he hit the greens with Tiger Woods, who had also played with former Presidents Bill Clinton, Barack Obama and George H. W. Bush.
Mr. Woods’s game with Mr. Obama, in 2013, became the subject of conservative anger when The Washington Times reported last year that the game had cost taxpayers nearly $4 million. The fact-checking website Snopes found that claim to be mostly false, and noted that the figure was “based on an accounting formula that is often highly misleading about the true costs involved.”
As for his own round with Mr. Woods, Mr. Trump, in an Instagram post on Dec. 24, said he had had a “great” time, and that they were joined by Mr. Trump’s son Donald Trump Jr. and granddaughter Kai.
Mr. Woods, in a blog post, said he and Mr. Trump had played for fun while Mr. Woods tested new drivers.
“What most impressed me was how far he hits the ball at 70 years old,” Mr. Woods wrote. “He takes a pretty good lash,” he said, adding, “Our discussion topics were wide-ranging; it was fun.”



ARTICLE
BALTIMORE — There is something liberating about not being in charge.
House Democrats seemed jovial, occasionally even buoyant, last week as more than 140 members of their caucus gathered for a retreat in a hotel overlooking Baltimore’s Inner Harbor, unencumbered by the raucous protests and heavy expectations that followed Republicans to their own retreat in Philadelphia two weeks ago.
As some of their conservative colleagues received a battering at town hall meetings back home over issues like their plan to repeal the Affordable Care Act, Democrats tried not to look too pleased with the consolation prize from a bruising election: It is not their problem anymore.
“What they’re realizing is that disaster, that marketplace chaos which would result from repealing and replacement, is going to be blamed on them,” Representative Frank Pallone Jr. of New Jersey, the top Democrat on the House Energy and Commerce Committee, said of Republicans and their proposals for the health law. “And they can’t blame us for it anymore.”
Eight years ago, it was Democrats who settled into a defensive crouch as they weathered their own town hall gatherings, fending off criticism from Republicans and the nascent Tea Party movement.
But with the transfer of power from President Barack Obama to President Trump last month, giving Republicans control of both the White House and Congress, came the transfer of responsibility. Republicans who spent the Obama years casting symbolic votes to repeal the Affordable Care Act, knowing they would die on the Resolute Desk, are now wrestling with the monumental challenge of actually producing a comprehensive replacement.
For House Democrats, the immediate challenges are less pressing. Any debate about whether to cooperate with the weeks-old Trump administration is strictly hypothetical, as Mr. Trump has yet to push for any legislative priorities, such as his promised trillion-dollar infrastructure plan.
“He’s a sideshow,” said Representative Eric Swalwell of California. “Until he shows he wants to work for the American people, he’s irrelevant.”
Spared the pressure to emerge with a detailed policy plan, Democrats arrived in an unseasonably warm Baltimore on Wednesday, tumbling off coach buses onto which they had been assigned alphabetically like schoolchildren on an outing. After hours of discussions, they scattered for late-afternoon excursions on Thursday to the aquarium, the art museum or the deserted ballpark. They took selfies on Friday with Chelsea Handler, the outspoken comedian, who closed out their retreat.
There was time for semantic debates: It was not a “retreat,” leaders insisted, because they are not “in retreat.”
“Joe aptly named the retreat — issues conference, pardon me, I stand corrected,” said Representative Linda T. Sánchez of California, vice chairwoman of the House Democratic Caucus, referring to the chairman, Representative Joe Crowley of New York.
“Joe aptly named the issues conference ‘Fighting for All Americans,’” Ms. Sánchez started again with a mischievous look. “I kind of dubbed it in my own language as ‘Kicking a Little Ass for the Working Class.’”
(“Yea!” Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, the Democratic leader, interjected, clapping and laughing.)
There was occasion for jokes: Asked about the strategy sessions, Mr. Crowley made a playful reference to Mr. Trump’s effort at his first news conference as president to demonstrate that he had separated himself from his companies.
“We’re going to bring in the pallets with all the stacks of paper of the strategy, coming in now,” he said.
And there was ample opportunity to reflect on the election that delivered Mr. Trump his surprising victory — though it did gain them a handful of seats, as they are quick to point out — and a strategy for capitalizing on Mr. Trump’s missteps and pulling themselves out of the minority in the House, where they have been relegated since 2011.
With appearances by a handful of activists, including Tamika Mallory, one of the organizers of the Women’s March on Washington, Democrats contemplated how they could prevent people from becoming desensitized or disheartened by a near-constant flow of contentious moves by the White House.
But others talked about how to reach out to those who may not feel compelled to wave signs on the National Mall. Representative Cheri Bustos, whose northwestern Illinois district Mr. Trump narrowly won, said Democrats understood the concerns about wage stagnation, student loan debt and other economic issues that drove people to vote for him. But she said she worried about Democrats’ ability to communicate with those voters.
“For God’s sake, we cannot talk down to people,” she said.
By Friday morning, even as they applauded an appeals court ruling that upheld the suspension of Mr. Trump’s executive order on immigration, Democratic leaders struck a sober note. Mr. Crowley said that while Democrats could be inclined to sit back and let Mr. Trump be hoisted with his own petard, “people’s lives are at stake.”
“Look, if he’s had a road-to-Damascus experience, an epiphany, knocked from his horse and seeing a bright light — I’m not so sure I’ll believe it yet, but maybe it’s a start,” Mr. Crowley said. “We’ll see.”



ARTICLE
President Trump’s old office on the 26th floor of Trump Tower in Manhattan sits unoccupied now, unofficial storage space for the gathering trove of memorabilia that his two oldest sons say they hope will eventually be turned over to their father’s presidential library.
But just one flight down, in Eric and Donald Trump Jr.’s cramped offices, their father is ever-present — in the seven copies of a recent issue of Golf Digest with his photo and the headline “Golfer-in-Chief” on the cover stacked on Eric’s desk; in his visage looping endlessly on CNN (yes, they watch CNN); in the cardboard cutout of the president watching from behind a stash of blueprints in the corner.
This is the conundrum facing the two brothers as they assume control of the empire their father built: How do they move forward, and navigate the ethical shoals, at a business predicated entirely on the brand of the man they have vowed to distance themselves from?
“His DNA will always be in the company in a big way,” Eric said, during nearly five hours of interviews over two days last week at Trump Tower. “His DNA built the company. His DNA also built us. We’re extensions of him in so many ways.”
Both he and Don Jr. insist that they do not need their father’s input to run the company — the apprentices have become the boss. And even as questions remain about potential conflicts of interest, they say, unapologetically, that they plan to forge ahead with expanding the Trump Organization’s footprint, both in the United States and abroad.
On Saturday, in fact, they will cut ribbon at their company’s newest branded property, billed as a “magnificent golf course” in the booming United Arab Emirates city of Dubai, before hundreds of Emirati power brokers.
A week later they will head to Vancouver, British Columbia, for another opening celebration, of the latest Trump International Hotel and Tower, one of a dozen major international projects still underway, from the Dominican Republic to India.
Back home in the United States, they are planning to open a new boutique hotel chain,  Scion, in perhaps 30 cities.
With the aggressive push forward, though, comes the persistent thrum of ethical qualm.
Just last week, news that Eric had traveled to the Dominican Republic to restart a stalled project there prompted controversy, given the Trump Organization’s pledge of no new overseas deals. The Washington Post reported that when Eric visited Uruguay on business in January, the trip cost taxpayers nearly $100,000 in hotel bills for the required Secret Service agents and for embassy staff members. Also echoing through the office at Trump Tower was the dust-up over the decision by Nordstrom and several other retailers to stop selling their sister Ivanka’s clothing line.
Don Jr. called that “disgusting,” and both brothers said their father was right to take Nordstrom and other retailers to task publicly in Ivanka’s defense.
“He’s Papa Bear,” Eric said.
Despite pressure to do so, President Trump has not sold any of his assets, which include a stake in a half-dozen office buildings, more than a dozen golf courses and at least 15 hotels that the company owns or manages. Instead, he has signed over control of day-to-day operations of his privately held company to the two sons and Allen Weisselberg, a trusted lieutenant at the Trump Organization, with an agreement not to discuss company business.
The arrangement and the president’s decision to not release his taxes have brought widespread criticism from liberal groups and even the federal government’s top ethics watchdog, Walter M. Shaub Jr., the director of the Office of Government Ethics. President Trump has continued to frequent his commercial properties, including over the weekend in Florida, bringing them global media attention and potential new customers.
But the brothers say they are convinced that they and their father have taken sufficient steps to create a management structure that will allow them to avoid creating the kind of appearance of conflict of interest that plagued Hillary Clinton as secretary of state while her husband continued to operate the Clinton Foundation. The measures they have taken, they say, have included explicit instructions to their domestic and international business partners not to reach out to anyone in the United States government for help.
The brothers’ expressions tightened and their voices rose when they were asked, in separate interviews, about suggestions that their father was using the presidency as a way to enhance the family’s profits.
“Who in their right mind would try to enrich themselves by spending a fortune to run against 17 seasoned politicians on the Republican side, to then go up against the Clinton machine, Wall Street, Hollywood, P.C. culture?” Don Jr. asked. “To use that as the way to enrich yourself is laughable.”
The family, he added, would face heat whatever it did. If the Trump Organization sold its assets, there would be allegations of impropriety, as foreign investors would most likely be involved. If it liquidated and put the cash into the bank, he said, his father would be accused of artificially inflating interest rates for personal gain.
For critics, though, particularly Democrats in Congress, the continuation of the global operations of the Trump Organization — even if President Trump is not directly involved — is fraught with problems, with even some Republican observers questioning whether the brothers can steer clear of trouble, regardless of their intentions.
Even with no new foreign deals, the company is in a position to get tax breaks and other business inducements from state and local officials. While such incentives are hardly unusual for growing businesses, with this family business they will unavoidably raise questions of whether different players involved might be seeking special White House favors.
“People are going to offer them sweetheart deals,” said Peter Schweizer, the conservative author whose book “Clinton Cash” argued, among other things, that Mrs. Clinton had used her position as secretary of state to favor donors to the foundation.
“It is just the way it works, as it comes down to the fact that people want access to national leaders in the country, and unfortunately in the past, be it Billy Carter, Neil Bush or Roger Clinton, relatives become vehicles to accomplishing that,” Mr. Schweizer added, referring to relatives in past administrations who drew scrutiny because of their business activities.
The two oldest brothers have worked in various roles at the Trump Organization for much of their adult lives, but without their father’s daily presence — and with the departure of Ivanka from the company offices — their responsibilities have grown. Eric Trump, 33, oversees construction and says he, not his father, is now the named officer on hundreds of Trump companies. Don Jr., 39, is in charge of commercial leasing, as well as many of the remaining companies.
And while they share a certain younger-version-of-their-father look, their personalities are distinct. Don Jr., the Trump child with the clearest memory of the divorce that split up his family, is the most publicly confident, and the most politically conservative.
Eric appears more cautious, more worried about how what he says will be perceived. Yet neither is particularly shy.
“There has never been a Trump that is introverted,” Eric said, laughing.
What is it like — after a lifetime as the sons of Donald Trump, and now business executives in their own right, and even co-stars in a reality television show — to be the sons of the president of the United States?
“It’s bigger, it’s bigger,” Eric said, struggling for the right word, then turning to a superlative, a habit inherited from his father. “This is really the biggest thing in the world.”
For all the talk of its global reach, the Trump Organization still has a family feel to it.
The small offices assigned to Eric, Ivanka and Don Jr. are lined up in a row, with Ivanka’s, like her father’s, sitting unused since she left the company and moved to Washington with her husband, Jared Kushner, who is serving as a senior White House adviser.
During the recent snowstorm in New York — with schools closed for the day — Don Jr., who has five children, had his 9-year-old daughter in the office, sharing breakfast sent up from a restaurant downstairs. Trump Tower, by and large, seems back to normal since the building’s most famous resident moved to Washington, though Secret Service agents are still stationed in the Trump Organization lobby and elsewhere.
Just days before his inauguration in January, Mr. Trump announced plans to resign from hundreds of entities he controls and place his assets in a trust. The move drew sharp criticism from ethics lawyers, who said the move was window dressing because Mr. Trump, as sole beneficiary of the trust, still owns the assets, benefits financially from any money they might make and will quite likely get updates, Eric said, roughly every quarter on the financial health of the company.
Still, President Trump assigned control of the trust to Don Jr. and Mr. Weisselberg, with Eric as the sole member of what he described as an advisory council. The three men have to vote unanimously, Eric said, to make decisions regarding new deals and other major business decisions.
To Don Jr., everything the company does these days seems to breed controversy. Much of it he says is unwarranted. For instance, people have questioned why corporate records in Delaware do not show that the president has resigned from his companies registered there. Eric says that he has, but that it can take more than a year for records there to be updated.
And the brothers expressed irritation that their presence at their father’s announcement of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch to fill the Supreme Court vacancy provoked media reports that they were not honoring the agreement to stay clear of White House matters. In fact, they said, they were in Washington to visit the new Trump hotel in the Old Post Office Building on Pennsylvania Avenue and stopped by to say hello to their father and share in the historic moment.
Don Jr. said he knew his father was busy, and had called him only once since his inauguration. Eric said he talked to his father “a few” times a week. But he insisted he knew which lines not to cross.
“In the next four years, do I ever expect him to say: ‘Hey, how’s Turnberry? How’s the new green? How’s the new 10th tee?’” Eric said. In a case like this, he said, he would probably say, “Dad, it’s great” and “The property looks awesome.”
He continued: “Am I ever going to say: ‘Listen. Hey, we have a tax issue’? No, no, no. There’s a difference.”
Recently the brothers stripped most of the photographs of their father and even his signature from the Trump Organization’s marketing material. And the new Scion hotel chain, which the company will brand and manage, does not feature the Trump name.
Eric said they were hoping to locate Scion, offering a lower-price alternative to their Trump International Hotel brand, in large to midsize “trendy” cities like Austin, Tex., Charlotte, N.C., and Nashville.
One of the first Scion locations, Eric said, could be Dallas, where the brothers and their executive team are evaluating possible sites. They are in talks with a possible partner, Mukemmel Sarimsakci, a developer based in Texas who had previously considered projects with the Trump Organization in Iraq and Turkey, where he was born.
Though the company runs the risk of becoming entangled with foreign partners on projects in the United States, and might have to deal with the suspicion that it got tax breaks and other incentives from local governments because of its ties to the White House, company officials say they decided not to stop domestic expansion because it is creating jobs for Americans.
The Trump Organization said it had dropped a host of proposed projects overseas, including Trump Office Buenos Aires in Argentina; Trump Towers Rio and Trump Hotel Rio de Janeiro, both in Brazil; Trump International Hotel & Tower Baku in Azerbaijan; Trump Tower Batumi in Georgia; and Trump Riverwalk in Pune, India.
Other deals still in the conceptual stage — including a possible office building in Dubai and towers in Australia, China, Israel and Vietnam — have also been shelved.
“I was the first person to raise my hand and say you should not do certain deals, as I understood the optics, as you can’t build the tallest building in Tel Aviv and try to negotiate peace in the Middle East,” Eric said. He estimated that the company had canceled a billion dollars’ worth of deals — although this estimate could not be confirmed independently.
Still, the company will continue to see through the dozen projects that the brothers say were underway before Inauguration Day and so do not qualify as new. They include two resorts in Indonesia; Trump Tower Mumbai and a Trump tower in Gurgaon, also in India; Trump Tower Punta del Este in Uruguay; and a second golf club in Dubai, as well as the Dominican Republic resort, which was started in 2007 but stalled during the financial crisis.
“That doesn’t mean the deal doesn’t continue to exist,” Eric said, amid the criticism last week that the project was a “new deal.”
Another Trump property in the ethical spotlight lately is Mar-a-Lago, the oceanside estate turned private club in Palm Beach, Fla., that the president is styling as his winter White House. Mr. Trump arrived there again on Friday for a golfing visit with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan.
“There should be no intermingling of White House and business operations,” said Robert Weissman, president of Public Citizen, who is troubled whether the president hosts the Japanese prime minister for free — at a commercial operation — or charges him, which would mean a foreign government official is paying Mr. Trump’s family. “There should be no intermingling of his private moneys with public affairs.”
Eric dismissed the questions as meaningless, comparing Mar-a-Lago to the Crawford, Tex., ranch of former President George W. Bush. He said his father was without peer when it came to forging friendships on the golf course, and his eyes grew wide as he talked about the family resort’s potentially becoming a place where world alliances are struck. To the Trump family, that mixing of business and officialdom — at least when it comes to their father’s visits — is just fine.
“If he could do that with Putin, if he could do that with some of these horrible actors around the world who only want to compromise us as a country, and he can make them friends and they can have trust in one another, he just did something that not many presidents have been able to do,” Eric said.



ARTICLE
BALTIMORE — The outpouring of protests across the country has scrambled the contest for chairman of the Democratic National Committee two weeks before the vote, as party activists thrash out who should be the face of a newly energized party.
The surge of liberal activism in response to President Trump’s election has transcended the divisions that some Democrats feared would cleave the party after its defeat in November. But it has also injected volatility into a race for party chairman that had been shaping up as a straightforward proxy war between the candidates most closely identified with Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont and Hillary Clinton.
Representative Keith Ellison of Minnesota, one of Mr. Sanders’s most prominent surrogates during last year’s primary race, and Thomas E. Perez, the former labor secretary who backed Mrs. Clinton and received consideration to be her running mate, have emerged as the leading contenders. Yet neither has secured the support of anywhere close to a majority of the 447 committee members who will decide the race, as other candidates did in the weeks leading up to prior votes.
This is partly because other hopefuls in a field that has swelled to double digits have yet to withdraw from the race. But it also owes to the genuine uncertainty about who can best harness the antipathy toward Mr. Trump, and lead a party that has been dominated by former President Barack Obama, former President Bill Clinton and Mrs. Clinton for more than two decades.
At the final party-sponsored candidate forum here on Saturday, the leading candidates all sought to associate themselves with the “resistance” against Mr. Trump. In an acknowledgment of how much Democrats are enjoying their Trump-inspired unity — and how much they do not want a replay of the Clinton-Sanders race — Mr. Perez and Mr. Ellison held to a de facto nonaggression pact toward each another.
“I had no better friend,” Mr. Ellison said of Mr. Perez, referring to the former secretary’s time in the Obama cabinet.
Strikingly, only one candidate among the 10 onstage truly confronted the two front-runners: Mayor Pete Buttigieg of South Bend, Ind.
“Why not go with somebody who isn’t a product of one faction or another faction, but somebody who is here to deliver the fresh start our party needs,” said Mr. Buttigieg, adding of the party’s contentious presidential primary, “I don’t know why we’d want to live through it a second time.”
He does not have anywhere near the number of public commitments that Mr. Ellison and Mr. Perez currently enjoy, but Mr. Buttigieg is trying to fashion himself as a compromise candidate if neither of the front-runners secure a majority on the first ballot when the party gathers this month in Atlanta.
Anticipating such an effort, two of the other trailing contenders used the forum to target Mr. Buttigieg. The New Hampshire Democratic chairman, Raymond Buckley, boasting of his own neutrality during the presidential primary, turned to Mr. Buttigieg at one point and reminded him of his endorsement of Mrs. Clinton. “Sorry, mayor who supported Hillary,” Mr. Buckley quipped. And Jehmu Greene, a Democratic organizer and a former Fox News contributor, chided the 35-year-old Mr. Buttigieg for his frequent remark that a millennial is best suited to represent millennials.
Before and after the gathering, rumors of deals being struck between competing camps swirled in the corridors of this city’s convention center, where the contenders set up booths and one candidate seeking to become the party finance chairman even sprang for a platter of crab cakes.
While the hopefuls for party chairman have slightly divergent diagnoses of what went wrong last year and ideas for the best way forward, the discussion so far has largely centered on party tactics and strategy. Mrs. Clinton’s victory in the popular vote, Mr. Trump’s unpopularity and the increasingly liberal bent of the party’s grass roots have tempered any calls for moderation.
“This is not going to be a philosophical battle,” said Representative Steny H. Hoyer of Maryland, the second-ranking House Democrat. Mr. Hoyer was at Saturday’s forum to support Mr. Perez, but called both his candidate and Mr. Ellison “strong progressives.”
With support from a number of governors, leading donors and Obama loyalists, Mr. Perez is clearly the preferred candidate among the Democratic establishment. That status, despite his liberal credentials, has made him a figure of suspicion among elements of the Sanders-inspired left.
“It says a lot about how much Sanders has skewed how Democrats think when the Latino labor activist from Takoma Park is considered the centrist,” said Kenneth Baer, an author and a former Obama administration official, alluding to the progressive Maryland enclave where Mr. Perez lives.
At the outset of the forum here, Mr. Perez proclaimed, “I miss Barack Obama a lot, my friends.” Yet he conceded during a television interview that the former president had not paid sufficient attention to party-building.
He also raised eyebrows last week by telling Kansas Democrats that he agreed with the complaint from Mr. Sanders’s supporters that the primary process had been “rigged.” Soon after, Mr. Perez wrote on Twitter that he “misspoke” and that Mrs. Clinton “became our nominee fair and square.”
The machinations have seemed rather small, though, in light of the boiling fury toward Mr. Trump.
Ben Jealous, the former N.A.A.C.P. president and a supporter of Mr. Ellison, noted that the Sanders-affiliated progressive group that he helps lead had drawn 500 participants to a rally on the Eastern Shore of Maryland, and another 400 to Western Maryland, both conservative parts of the state.
“Donald Trump will ensure we stay woke,” Mr. Jealous said.



ARTICLE
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. — Black plastic covered the doors and windows in an ornate suite at one of President Trump’s resorts on Saturday, as he bonded with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan over a round of golf on a pristine day.
The covering blocked American and Japanese journalists from capturing a glimpse of the leaders on the lush private course in Jupiter, Fla. But Mr. Trump’s aides snapped their own picture of the friendly tableau, posting a photo of the men sharing a high-five, with an American flag waving majestically in the distance, to the president’s social media accounts for his millions of followers to see.
“Having a great time hosting Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the United States!” Mr. Trump’s post said.
This, after all, was the point of inviting Mr. Abe to his Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach: a chance to have a picture-perfect weekend hosting a foreign leader with whom he has said he wants to develop a close relationship. It allowed Mr. Trump to capitalize on some unscripted moments after an initial period in office marred by antagonistic exchanges with some foreign leaders.
The news media blackout was nothing unusual in the annals of presidential free time. President Barack Obama routinely played golf out of sight of the press pool that traveled with him, only occasionally allowing a glimpse of him taking a swing or interacting with his partners.
But it was the latest reminder that Mr. Trump’s presidency is mixing his official role with the business that bears his name. Mr. Abe’s visit was the first of what Mr. Trump’s top aides say will be many in which he uses Mar-a-Lago, the 126-room, pink-hued and Spanish-tiled castle on Florida’s Gold Coast, as a setting for forging high-stakes relationships with important world leaders.
That is likely to mean that the property — along with Trump golf courses nearby in Jupiter and West Palm Beach, where the president squired Mr. Abe on Saturday, along with the professional golfer Ernie Els — will draw increased attention and prominence, with all the potential for additional profit that brings. Mar-a-Lago has doubled its initiation rate for new members, to $200,000.
“We got to know each other very, very well” on the golf course, Mr. Trump told reporters Saturday evening as he stood beside Mr. Abe and their wives on the way to dinner at Mar-a-Lago. Nearby, a line of clubgoers in formal wear maneuvered Bentleys and Rolls-Royces into the driveway as a full moon rose over the palm trees.
The administration said that Mr. Trump was hosting Mr. Abe and his wife as a “gift” to the Japanese leader and has said that any profits earned from the stays of members of foreign governments at Trump properties during his presidency would be donated to the United States Treasury, to avoid the appearance that he was cashing in on his office.
It may be a frequent arrangement. Mr. Trump, his aides say, believes in getting to know foreign leaders with whom he will be spending time and taking their measure in informal settings outside Washington.
“President Trump is a deal maker, and his coin of the realm is personal relationships and trying to convince people to negotiate a certain way in his favor, so this is what he does,” Kathryn Dunn Tenpas, a scholar at the Brookings Institution who has studied presidential travel, said.
Mr. Trump is not the first president to make use of a personal retreat to engage in informal diplomacy. George W. Bush hosted foreign leaders at his ranch in Crawford, Texas, while Bill Clinton used Camp David, the official presidential retreat near Thurmont, Md., as an informal backdrop for high-stakes diplomacy, including efforts to forge peace in the Middle East. But for Mr. Trump, his retreat is also a for-profit club that benefits his family business, from which he has declined to divest.
“It’s just one more example of using public office for private gain,” Richard W. Painter, a White House counsel to Mr. Bush who is an expert on government ethics, said. “He’s going to Trump this, Trump that — it’s clearly designed to raise the value of the brand and send the message to foreign leaders that you ought to patronize Trump properties if you want to get in good with the president.”
On Saturday, Mr. Trump appeared to have taken some steps to separate the personal from the political. While Mr. Trump and Mr. Abe shuttled from resort to resort in the armored presidential limousine known as the Beast, the flags that normally flutter on the front and the presidential seals that usually adorn the doors were absent, an indication that these were not official stops.
There were other reminders that the visit was unfolding almost exclusively on Mr. Trump’s own turf. At the Trump National Golf Club in Jupiter, journalists traveling with him were admonished not to take pictures or video.
“It’s a private club,” an aide explained.



ARTICLE
A nationwide injunction that has kept transgender students from using school bathrooms and other facilities that correspond with their gender identity will remain in place after the Trump administration decided not to challenge it in court. The move, announced Friday, ended an effort mounted by the Obama administration after the order was announced last year.
The injunction was issued in August by Judge Reed O’Connor of the Federal District Court for the Northern District of Texas as part of a lawsuit filed by more than a dozen states over the Obama administration’s position that Title IX, the federal law that bans sex discrimination in schools, protects transgender students.
Under that interpretation, transgender students have access to facilities like bathrooms and locker rooms that correspond with their gender identity, a proposition to which social conservatives strongly object. They argue that allowing transgender students to use those facilities poses a threat to the privacy and safety of other students.
The Obama administration appealed the injunction and requested that it apply only to states involved in the lawsuit and not nationwide. Oral arguments in that case were scheduled to begin on Tuesday, but on Friday, the Justice Department withdrew the previous administration’s challenge.
“The parties are currently considering how best to proceed in this appeal,” the department said in a legal brief to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
The decision changed little in the short term because the nationwide injunction has been in effect since August, but it signaled a significant change in the government’s approach to transgender issues under President Trump. Mara Keisling, the executive director of the National Center for Transgender Equality, called the move a “callous attack” on “the dignity and safety of transgender students.”
“While the immediate impact of this initial legal maneuver is limited, it is a frightening sign that the Trump administration is ready to discard its obligation to protect all students,” she said in a statement. “Transgender students are not going away, and it remains the legal and moral duty of schools to support all students.”
The Obama administration evolved into an ardent defender of transgender students, suing North Carolina over a law there restricting transgender people’s access to public bathrooms, locker rooms and changing rooms. In May, the administration warned public school districts that they could face lawsuits or a loss of federal funds if they did the same.
“A school may not require transgender students to use facilities inconsistent with their gender identity or to use individual-user facilities when other students are not required to do so,” officials from the Education and Justice Departments said in the letter.
The political environment has changed dramatically since then.
Sarah Warbelow, the legal director of the Human Rights Campaign, a leading L.G.B.T. advocacy group, said the Justice Department’s decision on Friday to let the injunction stand could portend its position on a closely watched Supreme Court case: a lawsuit filed by a transgender student in Virginia, Gavin Grimm, against his school district.
Mr. Grimm sued the Gloucester County School Board two years ago after it denied him access to the boys’ bathroom and told him to use a separate bathroom in a converted janitors’ closet, the kind of arrangement the Obama administration rejected in its letter to schools in May.
The United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ruled in Mr. Grimm’s favor in August, pointing to the Obama guidelines on transgender students and Title IX. The school board appealed that decision to the Supreme Court, where oral arguments are scheduled to begin next month.
Ms. Warbelow said Mr. Grimm’s supporters hoped the Justice Department would file an amicus brief in support of his case, but, she added, “the fact that they chose to say they were fine with this injunction applying nationwide certainly suggest that will not be the case.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Staff members on Capitol Hill recall Stephen Miller, the 31-year-old White House adviser behind many of President Trump’s most contentious executive orders, as the guy from Jeff Sessions’s office who made their inboxes cry for mercy.
As a top aide to Mr. Sessions, the conservative Alabama senator, Mr. Miller dispatched dozens and dozens of bombastic emails to congressional staff members and reporters in early 2013 when the Senate was considering a big bipartisan immigration overhaul. Mr. Miller slammed the evils of “foreign labor” and pushed around nasty news articles on proponents of compromise, like Senator Marco Rubio of Florida.
One exhausted Senate staff member, forwarding a Miller-gram to a reporter at the time, wrote: “His latest. And it’s only 11:45 a.m.”
The ascent of Mr. Miller from far-right gadfly with little policy experience to the president’s senior policy adviser came as a shock to many of the staff members who knew him from his seven years in the Senate. A man whose emails were, until recently, considered spam by many of his Republican peers is now shaping the Trump administration’s core domestic policies with his economic nationalism and hard-line positions on immigration.
But his unlikely rise is emblematic of a White House where unconventional résumés rule — where the chief strategist is Stephen K. Bannon, until recently the head of the flame-throwing right-wing website Breitbart News, and the president himself is a former reality television star who before winning the nation’s highest office had never shown much interest in the arcana of governing.
Yet all three men are bound by a belief in an America-first economic policy that has suddenly moved from the fringes of American politics to the Oval Office.
“Stephen was the kind of guy who would make a passionate ideological argument to a roomful of people who were there to make pragmatic decisions,” said Alex Conant, a former aide to Mr. Rubio who remembers squaring off against Mr. Miller at a routine Republican messaging meeting that turned into a full-dress immigration debate.
Mr. Miller has been at the epicenter of some of the administration’s most provocative moves, from pushing hard for the construction of a wall along the border with Mexico to threatening decades-long trade deals at the heart of Republican economic orthodoxy, to rolling out Mr. Trump’s travel ban on seven largely Muslim nations, whose bungled introduction he oversaw.
Working in an administration that “didn’t come here to do small things,” as Mr. Bannon has put it, is a role that Mr. Miller — universally known as a tireless worker — has been preparing for much of his life. From his days at a public high school in Southern California, where he preached against “political correctness” and liberalism and called in to conservative radio shows, to his time at Duke University, where he was known for controversial writings in the student newspaper and a failed attempt at a run for dorm president, he has delighted in challenging prevailing orthodoxies.
At a freshman mixer, recalled a college classmate who spoke on the condition of anonymity, Mr. Miller announced, “My name is Stephen Miller, I am from Los Angeles, and I like guns.”
Mr. Miller, known for his skinny ties, so-outdated-they’re-chic pants and his recently abandoned chain-smoking habit, enjoyed a relatively turbulence-free ascent in Mr. Trump’s orbit until the travel ban. His eagerness to keep a tight lid on key details of executive orders to prevent leaks — as well as his inexperience — has at times hampered coordination between the West Wing and agencies that would have to carry them out, several White House officials said.
In part to deal with the confusion that surrounded the travel ban, Reince Priebus, the White House chief of staff, recently created a 10-point protocol that requires all major executive actions to be cleared with the communications department and other senior White House staff members before implementation.
But Mr. Miller’s peacock confidence has served him well with Mr. Trump, who first got to know him in 2015, when Mr. Miller helped bring Mr. Sessions, now the attorney general, into the Trump fold.
After the Republican National Convention in July, Mr. Miller became Mr. Trump’s principal day-to-day speechwriter once the candidate had switched from handwritten notes to a teleprompter in the middle of the campaign.
The message in those speeches was so reflective of Mr. Trump’s views that it earned Mr. Miller a spot as the warm-up act for Mr. Trump’s campaign rallies. His words became Mr. Trump’s — “We’re going to build that wall, and we’re going to build it out of love,” Mr. Miller often said.
“Steve is a true believer in every sense of the word, not just in this message of economic populism but in President Trump as a leader,” said Jason Miller, who worked with him in the Trump campaign and is not related. “Steve’s fiercely loyal and has a better understanding of the president’s vision than almost anyone.”
It is sometimes hard to tell Mr. Trump’s voice from that of Mr. Miller, who suppressed his own orotund speech to capture the president’s more visceral, off-the-cuff style. Not that he has had much choice: As one of three or four staff members to fly around with Mr. Trump during the last few months of the campaign, Mr. Miller was summoned to speechwriting tasks by a bark of “Ready!” from Mr. Trump, who insisted on dictating practically every word — and laced into staff members who changed a word or inserted an overly complex policy point.
Mr. Miller’s flexibility as a speechwriter is offset by the consistent stridency of his political philosophy, which has remained much the same since he was the distinct minority at Santa Monica High School, a liberal outpost where he often railed against fellow students and the school administration. Mexican heritage celebrations and Iraq war protests were things of particular offense. He produced a 2003 essay, “How I Changed My Left Wing High School,” that capped a high school career steeped in political activism.
At Duke, Mr. Miller, who is Jewish, cut a similarly confrontational swath, and was briefly friendly with Richard Spencer, who later became a prominent white supremacist, when both were members of the university’s Young Conservatives chapter.
From there, it was straight to Capitol Hill, where Mr. Miller worked for Representatives Michele Bachmann of Minnesota and John Shadegg of Arizona before ending up with Mr. Sessions in 2009.
Mr. Sessions and Mr. Miller worked tirelessly against the 2013-14 congressional effort at an immigration overhaul. The bill passed the Senate easily in spite of Mr. Sessions’s vociferous objections, but failed in the House.
“We knew we were taking on the establishment, and Steve was an incredibly hard worker and had no second thoughts about it,” Mr. Sessions said in an interview.
Mr. Miller wrote many of the incendiary speeches that Mr. Sessions gave about the bill, including one in which he suggested that a Cuban-American aide to Senator Chuck Schumer, Democrat of New York, had been the author of a measure that he believed to be “amnesty” in disguise.
Ultimately, it was Mr. Miller’s dour views on illegal immigration that endeared him to Mr. Bannon and a small team of like-minded economic nationalists that included Julia Hahn, a former Breitbart writer. The group came together during the 2014 campaign of the far-right Republican candidate Dave Brat, whose upset win over the House majority leader, Eric Cantor, in a suburban Richmond, Va., district augured Mr. Trump’s success.
Even then, Mr. Miller had his eye on Mr. Trump, who had flirted with a run for president in 2012. Soon after Mr. Brat’s victory in the Republican primary in July 2014, Mr. Miller sent his friends a Breitbart interview in which Mr. Trump declared, “Everybody is vulnerable because what’s happening in the country is very sad, and the world is watching.” Mr. Miller added a comment: “Trump gets it. I wish he’d run for president.”
Mr. Bannon, Mr. Miller and the lesser-known head of the Domestic Policy Council, Andrew Bremberg, spent the later part of the transition period mapping out a shock-and-awe protocol of executive orders, sending more than 200 to federal agencies for review. The trouble came when they sent some of them to Obama-appointed officials at federal agencies for review, leading to leaks that prompted Mr. Miller to restrict the circulation of the plans.
Mr. Trump, initially pleased by the bold series of executive actions orchestrated by the team, was stung by the fallout from Mr. Miller’s execution of the immigration order, and expressed frustration about not being fully briefed on an order reorganizing the National Security Council to give Mr. Bannon additional power.
Despite the internal finger-pointing, Mr. Miller remains close to the still-powerful Mr. Bannon, who described him in an email as “a loyal and faithful soldier in the Trump movement, a warrior for the working class.”
In recent days, Mr. Miller has been working on what is expected to be another contentious order: an as-yet-uncirculated rewriting of the guest worker program that is likely to impose new restrictions on the cheap foreign labor that Mr. Miller deplored in many of his 2013 emails, according to two officials familiar with their planning.
Mr. Miller, one of the officials said, is working closely with Department of Homeland Security aides to avoid a repeat of the travel ban fiasco.



ARTICLE
JUPITER, Fla. — President Trump said on Saturday that judicial decisions that halted his executive order banning travel from seven predominantly Muslim countries had allowed a flood of refugees to pour into the country.
“Our legal system is broken!” Mr. Trump wrote in a Twitter posting a day after he said that he was considering a wholesale rewriting of the executive order to circumvent legal hurdles quickly but had not ruled out appealing the major defeat he suffered in a federal appeals court on Thursday. “SO DANGEROUS!” the president added.
Mr. Trump cited a report in The Washington Times that asserted that 77 percent of the refugees who entered the United States since Judge James L. Robart of Federal District Court in Seattle blocked the order on Feb. 3 had been from the seven “suspect countries.”
Still, his allusion to a rush of dangerous refugees is somewhat misleading. According to an analysis of data maintained by the State Department’s Refugee Processing Center, the percentage of refugees arriving from those countries — Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen — has risen considerably since the directive was suspended, but the weekly total of refugees arriving from the targeted countries has risen by only about 100. And all are stringently vetted.
At the same time, refugee arrivals from countries not affected by the order have fallen sharply. Since the judge blocked the ban, 1,049 of the 1,462 refugees who have arrived in the United States, or 72 percent, were from the seven countries affected. In Mr. Trump’s first week of office, before he issued his order, more refugees arrived, 2,108, and 935 of them, representing 44 percent, were from those seven nations.
The figures suggest that the State Department and refugee resettlement agencies, which meet weekly to determine which individuals and families to admit to the United States, may be stepping up their efforts to help refugees from the seven countries.
Mr. Trump’s order also sought to put an indefinite freeze on Syrian refugee admissions and temporarily suspend the rest of the refugee program until the screening process could be reviewed and made more restrictive.
The figures show a similar phenomenon for Syrian refugee arrivals; their proportion has nearly doubled since Mr. Trump moved to block them, although that represents a relatively small increase of about 100. While the 296 Syrians who arrived during the president’s first week in office made up 14 percent of the total, the 402 who have entered since his order was blocked amount to 27 percent of all refugee arrivals over that period.
Refugees already face the strictest of vetting procedures to enter the United States, a process that takes from 18 months to two years because of multiple layers of security and background checks.
Mr. Trump made his Twitter post at the start of a day of golf with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan at his resort in Jupiter, Fla.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — When President Trump formally nominated Judge Neil M. Gorsuch to the Supreme Court, he boasted that Judge Gorsuch had been confirmed by the Senate to his current appeals court position by a unanimous vote more than decade ago.
“Can you believe that?” the incredulous president asked during the dignified ceremony in the East Room of the White House. “Does that happen anymore?”
Well, no, and it did not even really happen in Judge Gorsuch’s case. He was seated on the United States Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit on July 20, 2006, as part of a negotiated four-judge package approved on a perfunctory voice vote in a mostly empty chamber late on a Thursday in the middle of summer. No one objected, but most senators were probably on their way to the airport or had already taken flight.
“I did not, in my view, vote for him,” said Senator Ron Wyden, the Oregon Democrat who has come under fire from conservatives for criticizing the Supreme Court nominee now but not raising a fuss back in 2006. “I can tell you that I was not for him.”
One of the Senate’s many conventions, not objecting to someone or something does not always equate to being for someone or something.
Voice votes are a timesaving device agreed to when the outcome is assured, a deal has been struck or opponents are not agitated enough to force the Senate to go through the motions of a recorded vote they are certain to lose. Senators can be especially compliant as evening approaches on a Thursday, long affectionately known as getaway day on Capitol Hill.
Top Republicans recognize that Judge Gorsuch was not approved unanimously by Senate standards, though he certainly had bipartisan support. In an op-ed published on Monday in Politico, Senator Mitch McConnell, the Kentucky Republican and majority leader, artfully dodged saying Judge Gorsuch was confirmed unanimously, but instead noted that “no one cast a single negative vote against his nomination.” Senator John Cornyn of Texas, the No. 2 Senate Republican, said on the floor that the judge “was essentially voted unanimously,” with that “essentially” serving as a big caveat.
Still, backers of Judge Gorsuch have used the claim of a unanimous vote in 2006 as a weapon against the 12 Democrats who were serving then and remain in the Senate now, citing it as irrefutable evidence of hypocrisy if they ultimately oppose his nomination to the Supreme Court.
It is just one example of how the warring parties can be a little elastic with the truth when it comes to framing the coming Supreme Court fight to their best advantage. Neither side has clean hands.
Take Senate Democrats, who are eager to justify the demand that Judge Gorsuch attract at minimum the 60 votes needed to overcome a filibuster. The two top Democrats, Senators Chuck Schumer of New York and Richard J. Durbin of Illinois, have said Judge Gorsuch should have to meet the same “standard” of surpassing 60 votes that Justices Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan did when President Barack Obama nominated them to the Supreme Court. While it’s true that both received more than 60 votes, neither was required to overcome such a “bar” — it was just where they ended up.
In fact, Republicans talked Harry Reid, then the majority leader, out of taking the official procedural steps to require 60 votes for the confirmation of Justice Kagan in 2010, saying they did not want to be accused later of mounting a filibuster against her. Mr. Schumer recently had to correct his assertion that Republicans had insisted on 60 votes for Mr. Obama’s two picks.
Then there is Mr. McConnell’s frequent call for Democrats to simply give Mr. Trump the same consideration that Republicans gave Presidents Obama and Bill Clinton with their Supreme Court nominees. That particular statement really grates on Democrats and their allies given that Mr. McConnell led Senate Republicans last year in denying Judge Merrick B. Garland so much as a hearing on his nomination.
But Mr. McConnell says he is referring to Mr. Obama’s two “first-term” picks, and not the Garland nomination of the second term, even though there is no prohibition on making a nomination late in a term.
Democrats offer their own ammunition when it comes to opposing Supreme Court picks who previously sailed through the Senate. Mr. Schumer’s office has pointed out that Mr. McConnell and Senator Charles E. Grassley, the Iowa Republican who leads the Judiciary Committee, did not object to the confirmation of Justice Sotomayor to a District Court seat in New York in August 1992 even though they opposed her 2009 nomination to the Supreme Court.
What Mr. Schumer’s office does not say is that both of those Republican senators voted against her confirmation to an appeals court in October 1998 when it was approved 68 to 28, an elevation that put her in line for her eventual Supreme Court seat.
Senators of both parties acknowledge that the scrutiny they — not to mention the public — give to Supreme Court nominees far surpasses their attention to a prospective Federal District Court judge or even a more powerful appeals court judge, providing some explanation for how they can oppose a nominee they previously allowed through.
It is also the case that there just aren’t many unanimous Senate confirmations since forcing a roll-call vote usually means at least one senator has a grievance to express.
But here is one dissent-free roll call that Mr. Trump might find relevant today: Judge James L. Robart, the federal judge in Washington State who initially blocked the new president’s immigration order, was approved 99 to 0 back in June 2004.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Phil Berg was nervous as he prepared to tell Neil Gorsuch he was gay.
AIDS was still in the headlines at the time, the early 1990s, and same-sex marriage was a far-fetched notion. Some of Mr. Berg’s other friends had not reacted well to his news. So he moved with caution, slipping the word “boyfriend” casually into conversation with Mr. Gorsuch, his dear friend and Harvard Law School classmate.
“He didn’t skip a beat,” Mr. Berg, now a corporate lawyer in Manhattan said, recalling how that conversation led to a “special bond” between the two men. “It was a huge deal for me, and it made a lasting impression.”
Now President Trump has named Judge Gorsuch, 49, of the Federal Appeals Court in Denver, his nominee to the Supreme Court at a time when the clash between gay rights and religious freedom is one of the most contentious questions on the court’s agenda.
Democrats and their progressive allies are marching in lock step to oppose Judge Gorsuch, whose record they find deeply troubling, and gay pundits are painting him as a homophobe. But interviews with his friends — both gay and straight — and legal experts across the political spectrum suggest that on gay issues, at least, he is not so easy to pigeonhole.
In nominating Judge Gorsuch, Mr. Trump has picked a man with impeccable legal credentials and cast him in the mold of the justice he would succeed, the late Antonin Scalia, who once accused the court of being swayed by a “homosexual agenda” and voted against legalizing same-sex marriage. Judge Gorsuch has said he cried when he learned of Justice Scalia’s death.
Like Justice Scalia, Judge Gorsuch regards himself as an originalist, meaning he tries to interpret the Constitution based on the text as written by the founding fathers. But he is three decades younger than Justice Scalia was when he died. He has had two openly gay clerks, and he lives with his wife, Louise, and their two daughters in liberal Boulder, Colo., where his church, St. John’s Episcopal, welcomes gay members.
That leads some friends to wonder if his jurisprudence might be closer to that of Justice Anthony Kennedy, who has carved out a name for himself as the court’s conservative defender of gay rights. Justice Kennedy wrote the landmark 2015 opinion in Obergefell v. Hodges, which found a constitutional right to same-sex marriage — a decision some analysts trace to his upbringing in tolerant California.
“Everybody’s got him pegged as being more Scalia,” said Christian Mammen, a Democrat and intellectual property lawyer in San Francisco, who grew close to Judge Gorsuch when they were pursuing doctoral degrees at Oxford two decades ago. “I’m not sure I see that.”
Judge Gorsuch’s nomination comes as some lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people think their very right to exist is threatened by the election of Mr. Trump.
While the president has said he is “fine with” same-sex marriage, and regards the Obergefell decision as “settled law,” he has also toyed with repealing an executive order by his predecessor, President Barack Obama, barring federal contractors from discriminating against gays. And with states like Texas seeking to limit the scope of the Obergefell decision, some activists and gay pundits warn of a coming war against same-sex marriage.
Part of the mystery around Judge Gorsuch is that his record on gay rights is thin and thus difficult to parse. It suggests a deference to religious freedom and a strong skepticism toward using the courts to find a new constitutional basis for L.G.B.T rights. But Judge Gorsuch has never ruled on a case involving whether gays can legally marry.
He declined, through a spokesman, to be interviewed.
“There’s not an enormous amount to work with there; there are not many decisions to go on,” said Rachel B. Tiven, the chief executive of Lambda Legal, which represents gay plaintiffs and expects one of its cases, involving bathroom access for transgender people, to come before the Supreme Court this year.
Like other gay rights groups, Lambda Legal took what it called the “unusual step” of opposing the Gorsuch nomination even before the Senate confirmation hearings.
“It was unprecedented for Lambda Legal,” Ms. Tiven said, “but we are living in times that are not ordinary.”
Just this past week, the gay author and blogger Michaelangelo Signorile published a piece in The Huffington Post headlined: “Why Neil Gorsuch Likely Believes It’s Perfectly Fine to Ban Gay Sex.” In it, he argued that Judge Gorsuch “may be all mild-mannered and cuddly, but that doesn’t mean he wouldn’t in a heartbeat deny your very existence under the Constitution if you happen to be queer.”
Against that backdrop, the judge’s gay friends — both Democrats and Republicans — find themselves vouching for him.
“I said, “Listen, I’m a liberal gay Jew from New England and you were appointed by George W. Bush, and I want to make sure I’m not going to be uncomfortable here,’” said Joshua Goodbaum, a former clerk of Judge Gorsuch, recalling his 2008 job interview.
And when Mr. Goodbaum  married his longtime partner in 2014 — the year before the Supreme Court’s landmark decision on same-sex marriage — he said, “The judge was thrilled for us.”
“He was actually kind of syrupy about it. I remember him saying, ‘You’re going to see how wonderful this is for your relationship.’’’
If Judge Gorsuch is confirmed, the composition of the court that made up the Obergefell majority will be unchanged. Michael Dorf, a law professor at Cornell who knows Judge Gorsuch in passing — they were both clerks to Justice Kennedy and run into each other at clerk reunions — says gay rights advocates “have reason to be afraid,” based on the existing evidence about Judge Gorsuch.
In 2005, before Mr. Gorsuch became a judge, he wrote in an essay in National Review that liberals had become “addicted to the courtroom” to enact their social agenda “on everything from gay marriage to assisted suicide to the use of vouchers in public schools.” (At Oxford, he wrote his Ph.D. thesis on assisted suicide and published it as a book.)
In 2015, Judge Gorsuch sided with the Oklahoma Department of Corrections in rejecting arguments by a transgender woman who said the Constitution guaranteed her a right to hormone treatment and to wear feminine clothing. And in two prominent cases, both of which reached the Supreme Court, he sided with employers who had religious objections to providing contraception coverage.
Critics of Judge Gorsuch frequently cite one of those cases, involving Hobby Lobby Stores, the retail arts and crafts chain, which challenged a section of the Affordable Care Act that required closely held, for-profit secular corporations to provide contraceptive coverage as part of their employer-sponsored health plans. Judge Gorsuch joined in an opinion by the full Court of Appeals rejecting that notion, a decision that was upheld by the Supreme Court in a 5-4 decision in 2014.
Gay rights groups draw inferences from Hobby Lobby — Ms. Tiven calls the case ‘‘particularly telling’’ — to argue that Judge Gorsuch would err on the side of religious freedom in cases involving discrimination against gays. But Laurence Tribe, a law professor at Harvard, is unconvinced.
“I do not agree that Hobby Lobby is a death knell that proves Judge Gorsuch would say that people can, on religious grounds, violate anti-discrimination laws,” Mr. Tribe, who said he did not have Judge Gorsuch as a student, said in a recent interview. He called the case “an indicator” but not “a slam-dunk predictor.”
In picking Judge Gorsuch, Mr. Trump has put forth a candidate with a fine Republican pedigree — his mother, Anne Gorsuch Burford, was an official in the Reagan administration — and impeccable academic credentials. His class at Harvard included Mr. Obama as well as Ken Mehlman, who went on to head the Republican National Committee under President George W. Bush.
Mr. Mehlman, who guided Mr. Bush to re-election in 2004 despite his platform opposing same-sex marriage, has since come out as gay and has worked aggressively to advance gay rights at the state and federal level. He declined to be interviewed, but he is circulating a letter of support for the judge and posted a congratulatory message to Judge Gorsuch on his Facebook page. So did Mr. Berg.
“Since Ronald and I married,” Mr. Berg wrote on Facebook,  referring to Ronald Riqueros, “we have had a standing invitation to stay with Neil and Louise in Denver. And just last week, Neil told me that if they should move to D.C., ‘Our guest room will be waiting.’”



ARTICLE
When Jared Kushner was 17 years old, he stood where a million Jews had been murdered and listened to Israel’s prime minister stress the country’s importance.
“The Holocaust could have been prevented. We know it could not have taken place had the Jewish state been established a few years earlier,” the prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, said in 1998, standing amid the ruins of an Auschwitz-Birkenau crematory. He had just led Mr. Kushner and thousands of other teenagers waving Israeli flags in a procession through the camp’s gates and past the barracks. As part of the commemoration, the group would soon leave Poland and fly to Israel, to complete the journey from slaughter to Zionist rebirth.
Back then, Mr. Kushner was a high school basketball player, a Billy Joel fan, a quiz team manager and no one’s guess to become a negotiating partner with Mr. Netanyahu. But unlike other students on the trip, he knew the prime minister, who was friendly with his father, a real estate developer and donor to Israeli causes. Mr. Netanyahu had even stayed at the Kushners’ home in New Jersey, sleeping in Jared’s bedroom. (The teenager moved to the basement that night.)
On Wednesday, when the Israeli prime minister visits the White House, Mr. Netanyahu and Mr. Kushner will reunite on far different terms from before — and yet their meeting will be imbued with some of the shared ideas of those old encounters. Mr. Netanyahu is on his second stint as prime minister; Mr. Kushner, now 36, is President Trump’s son-in-law and a leading adviser on Middle Eastern affairs with a daunting assignment. Mr. Trump has said that Mr. Kushner will try to “do peace,” which the president has called “the ultimate deal.”
Mr. Kushner, on something of a crash course in diplomacy, has been speaking with Arab leaders in recent weeks. But he is a mystery to most Middle Eastern officials. He has no experience in government or international affairs. His up-close exposure to the Arab world amounts to little more than trips to a handful of Persian Gulf countries and a star-studded jaunt to Jordan.
Though Mr. Kushner has visited Israel since childhood, and more recently to do business, he is little known there. He holds strong views about the state of Israel, but he has not been outspoken about them, save for editorials in The New York Observer, the newspaper he owned. His thinking on matters like settlements is not well understood.
“Israel wasn’t a political discussion for him; it was his family, his life, his people,” said Hirschy Zarchi, rabbi at the Chabad House at Harvard, where Mr. Kushner was an undergraduate.
Rather than diplomatic experience, Mr. Kushner has ties to Israel that are personal and religious. His visit to Auschwitz was stark, but its themes were not new to him. His grandmother survived the Holocaust by crawling through a homemade tunnel in Poland. His grandfather escaped the massacres by hiding in a hole for years. An Orthodox Jew, Mr. Kushner was instructed to protect Israel, remember the genocide and assure the survival of the Jewish people, those close to him say.
He was educated at Jewish schools where second graders were expected to draw maps of Israel from memory and the West Bank was often referred to by its biblical names, Judea and Samaria, a practice that emphasizes Jewish claims to the land. His family used its real estate fortune to donate millions of dollars to American Jewish and Israeli hospitals, schools and other institutions, including a few in settlements, according to public records. In his classes, Palestinians were regarded at a distance, in part as security threats who committed acts of terrorism — including one that killed a sister of a classmate of Mr. Kushner’s.
When Mr. Trump ran for president, his son-in-law’s stances on Israel helped shape the campaign. Mr. Kushner helped script a speech to the American Israel Public Affairs Committee and consulted with Netanyahu officials behind the scenes. When he brought the candidate and the prime minister together for a meeting, his father, Charles Kushner, was invited to join them.
Thanks in part to the younger Mr. Kushner, Mr. Netanyahu will arrive at a White House that has already adopted many of the prime minister’s perspectives on the region. Now Mr. Kushner is helping Mr. Trump and Mr. Netanyahu craft a strategy to recruit Sunni Muslim countries that oppose Iran to help foster an Israeli-Palestinian peace agreement. The approach is a long shot: Negotiations are dead. The Israeli right is pushing for more settlement in the West Bank as talk among Palestinians turns to a single state in which they have equal rights.
Mustafa Barghouti, a Palestinian leader who was involved in peace talks both with Israelis and internally, said Palestinians were skeptical of Mr. Kushner, and Mr. Trump’s team generally, seeing them as close only to the Israeli side. As part of its philanthropy, Mr. Kushner’s family has made donations to the Beit El settlement, which Mr. Barghouti finds particularly worrisome.
“We need somebody who is really impartial,” Mr. Barghouti said, pointing out that it is unclear whether Mr. Kushner has ever visited a Palestinian area (the White House would not say). “There is no indication he is interested in hearing from the other side.”
Through a White House spokeswoman, Mr. Kushner declined to respond or be interviewed. But others said his life had given him cause to believe in the improbable. His grandparents survived against all odds, then came to America and made the kind of money of which most people can only dream. Mr. Kushner plunged into his father-in-law’s presidential campaign with no experience and helped him win.
“This is a region that has resisted solutions from people with vast résumés,” said Ken Kurson, editor of The New York Observer, suggesting that his former boss may do better. “For 60-plus years we’ve been sending the best diplomats in the world, and it’s yielded zero results.”
Mr. Kushner’s religious upbringing may have been intense, but his high school yearbook message was laid-back, with an ode to his broken-in sneakers. He was a “6 ft. 2 inch basketball and hockey player who just loves to be comfortable,” the message said, noting that he also liked to deliver frozen yogurt and Slurpees to his siblings.
There was little mention of Jewish identity beyond his Hebrew name, Yoel Chaim. But that was Mr. Kushner, classmates said in recent interviews: easygoing and polite, a decent student but not a standout, not particularly engaged in religious questions or the urgent political matters of the day. He did not participate in the high school club devoted to criticizing coverage of Israel in The New York Times. Many of his peers spent a year after graduation studying religious texts in Israel; he did not.
But his family was busy building a world to replace the one it had lost: schools, organizations, synagogues, campuses. The Kushners’ Judaism and support of Israel were one and the same, friends said: about ensuring survival.
The major Jewish institutions of Mr. Kushner’s life — school and synagogue — emphasized the connection between religion and Zionism. “In the modern Orthodox community, the state of Israel has an important place in identity, as a religious ideal, not only a political reality,” said Elie Weinstock, rabbi at Kehilath Jeshurun, the Manhattan synagogue Mr. Kushner joined.
At his elementary school, the Hebrew Youth Academy in Livingston, N.J., it was impossible to walk the halls “without seeing the flags of Israel and Israeli historical figures and how the kids celebrate Israeli holidays,” said Stephen Flatow, whose daughter Ilana was in Mr. Kushner’s grade.
In eighth grade, their class was stunned by the killing of Ilana’s older sister, Alisa, in a bus bombing in the Gaza Strip. The school community “couldn’t fathom how a young man can load himself up with dynamite and blow himself up in a van and have his parents celebrating his death,” Mr. Flatow said. A few years later, the school was renamed for Jared Kushner’s grandfather, Joseph, and when a new building opened, the family dedicated the flagpole that flies the Israeli flag to Alisa’s memory.
During high school at the Frisch School in northern New Jersey, where Mr. Kushner spent long days attending mandatory prayers (morning and afternoon) and studying in English, Hebrew and Aramaic (the language of the Talmud), every year of his education was interwoven with events in Israel. In 1995, when Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin was assassinated, teachers and students mourned together. In 1996, a recent graduate named Sara Duker was killed in another bus bombing, sending shock waves through the school again. In 1997, about the time Mr. Kushner was on a six-week summer trip to Israel, a double suicide bomb in the main Jerusalem market killed more than a dozen people.
But classmates say the environment Mr. Kushner lived in could feel apolitical, because most everyone shared similar views, and Palestinian perspectives were barely considered. Some teachers told students that “Palestinian” was a made-up identity, a label adopted for political reasons. There was little discussion of what it was like to live under occupation, several classmates of Mr. Kushner’s recalled. Many rabbis and teachers seemed comfortable with settlements, and some students said they never learned that Israel’s borders were a highly contested topic.
“There was such an assumption that Jews deserve to have this place, that it was theirs for thousands of years by biblical fiat,” said Eli Schleifer, who graduated the year before Mr. Kushner. “There was such a strange blindness to the complexity of the situation.”
In 1999, Mr. Kushner left New Jersey for Harvard, where he no longer wore a skullcap to classes, but continued to follow rules of Orthodox Jewish life. Jordan Reid Strauch, a friend of Mr. Kushner’s, could not recall his mentioning Israel. Soon the second intifada, or Palestinian uprising, was setting off criticism of Israel on campus and then responses from students who defended the country, but Mr. Kushner kept his head down.
Instead he spent time at the Chabad House, where Rabbi Zarchi was struck by how Mr. Kushner “never felt the need to apologize for his differences, his religious commitments,” he said.
Mr. Kushner sometimes expressed his views during long Sabbath meals at the house. “He certainly believed that a strong and secure Israel was in America and the world’s best interest,” Rabbi Zarchi said. He didn’t believe that Israel needed “the approval of Europe, the United Nations or even Washington or London,” the rabbi continued.
While Mr. Kushner was at Harvard, Mr. Netanyahu once again visited his father, speaking at his office, kicking a soccer ball at one of the schools that carried the family name and sitting down for a tabbouleh lunch with students, including Jared’s younger brother, Joshua.
Mr. Netanyahu’s visits helped lead to an unexpected outcome: Charles Kushner’s brother, Murray, sued him for misusing the family company’s funds by paying hundreds of thousands of dollars in speaking fees to the Israeli leader, among other high-profile figures. The suit was eventually settled, but it set off investigations and misdeeds by Charles Kushner that eventually led to a two-year prison sentence for tax evasion, witness-tampering and making illegal campaign donations.
A few years later, Charles Kushner and Mr. Netanyahu still seemed close: When the Israeli media obtained Mr. Netanyahu’s partly handwritten list of wealthy Americans most likely to fund his party’s primary elections, Mr. Kushner was near the top.
Last June in Washington, Yousef al-Otaiba, the ambassador of the United Arab Emirates, received an unexpected request from his friend Thomas Barrack Jr., a Lebanese-American businessman and Trump fund-raiser: Would he meet with Jared Kushner?
“What struck me in our first meeting is that he asked a lot of questions and listened,” Mr. Otaiba said. Since then, the two have been in touch, with Mr. Kushner playing the student, asking Mr. Otaiba for his impressions of shifting forces in the Middle East, Syria, Iran, extremism, relationships.
Mr. Kushner had become a force in his family’s real estate business, and a member of a synagogue known for a brand of religious Zionism similar to the one he was raised with. He took out loans for the real estate business from Israel’s Bank Hapoalim and almost bought a major Israeli insurance company called Phoenix.
Though he had been raised a Democrat, Mr. Kushner endorsed Mitt Romney in the 2012 presidential race, in part because of disappointment with President Barack Obama on Israel. “Rather than strengthen the nation’s relationship with Israel as the Arab world imploded, Mr. Obama treated Jerusalem as less a friend than a burden,” the Observer endorsement read, using language similar to what Mr. Trump would eventually say.
Now Mr. Kushner has given up his life in New York for a government ID card and a groaning portfolio. Many foreign policy experts wait their entire careers for a White House job, but Mr. Kushner is fielding inquiries from foreign leaders even as he is still learning to navigate the subject. He is far from the first American Jew with strong ties to Israel to wade into Middle Eastern diplomacy — Rahm Emanuel, the former White House chief of staff, is the son of a former Jewish paramilitary fighter — but the others were Washington professionals or seasoned negotiators.
In his first weeks in the White House, Mr. Kushner has had exchanges with officials from Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Mexico and elsewhere, and greeted King Abdullah II of Jordan, whom he met several years ago on a trip to that country that included the actors Nicole Kidman and Hugh Jackman.
It is unclear what shape Mr. Kushner’s role will take, especially as figures like Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson and others in the foreign policy apparatus become engaged in Middle Eastern diplomacy. Some observers see Mr. Kushner as a welcome counter to an unpredictable president and to firebrands like Stephen K. Bannon, the White House strategist, and David M. Friedman, the ambassador designate to Israel.
Mr. Kushner “could be a moderate voice,” said Dan Gillerman, Israel’s former ambassador to the United Nations, who got to know Mr. Kushner in New York. “The strange thing is, that 36-year-old kid may end up being the grown-up in the room.”
Many years after his teenage encounters with Mr. Netanyahu, he may also be in a position to help the Israeli leader, who is facing multiple corruption investigations and ever-stronger challenges from the right.
But Mr. Kushner’s task is formidable. Mr. Netanyahu and Mr. Trump want to set in motion a chain of events that could block Iran, redefine Israel’s relationship with the Arab world and create Israeli-Palestinian peace — “the deal that can’t be made,” as Mr. Trump has said.
“The prime minister is coming into the meeting with the hope to forge a common policy with the president, and Jared’s role is critical in that,” said Ron Dermer, the ambassador of Israel, with whom Mr. Kushner has been in close contact. “He’s someone who, in my interactions with him, has really been able to deliver.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Across the vast federal bureaucracy, Donald J. Trump’s arrival in the White House has spread anxiety, frustration, fear and resistance among many of the two million nonpolitical civil servants who say they work for the public, not a particular president.
At the Environmental Protection Agency, a group of scientists strategized this past week about how to slow-walk President Trump’s environmental orders without being fired.
At the Treasury Department, civil servants are quietly gathering information about whistle-blower protections as they polish their résumés.
At the United States Digital Service — the youthful cadre of employees who left jobs at Google, Facebook or Microsoft to join the Obama administration — workers are debating how to stop Mr. Trump should he want to use the databases they made more efficient to target specific immigrant groups.
“It’s almost a sense of dread, as in, what will happen to us,” said Gabrielle Martin, a trial lawyer and 30-year veteran at the Denver office of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, where colleagues now share daily, grim predictions about the fate of their jobs under Mr. Trump’s leadership.
“It’s like the movie music when the shark is coming,” Ms. Martin said, referring to “Jaws,” the 1975 thriller. “People are just wary — is the shark going to come up out of the water?”
This article is based on interviews around the country with more than three dozen current and recently departed federal employees from the Internal Revenue Service; the Pentagon; the Environmental Protection Agency; the Justice and Treasury Departments; the Departments of Homeland Security, Veterans Affairs, and Housing and Urban Development; and other parts of the government. They reveal a federal work force that is more fundamentally shaken than usual by the uncertainties that follow a presidential transition from one party to the other.
Federal workers are more likely to be Democrats, according to surveys. But partisanship and ideology explain only some of the intense feelings among workers, many of whom have seen Democrats and Republicans in the White House come and go.
At bars after work, in employee break rooms, on conference calls and on social media networks, employees at agencies targeted for steep reductions fear for their jobs. They worry about Mr. Trump’s freeze on hiring and regulations, his pledge to reverse environmental protections, and his executive order shutting down immigration for refugees and people from seven predominantly Muslim countries.
Some federal workers welcome Mr. Trump’s promises to create new jobs, build infrastructure and lower taxes. Others say they are focusing on doing their jobs and trying not to be distracted by the political noise that surrounds them. Still others say they are struggling with the question of whether they want to work for a president with whom they so strongly disagree.
“What do you do,” asked Representative Gerald E. Connolly, Democrat of Virginia, if you work at a place where the leader “avowedly renounces the work of that agency?”
“All of a sudden, you are faced with a real moral dilemma,” continued Mr. Connolly, whose district just outside Washington is home to thousands of federal workers.
Federal workers watched with growing alarm last year as Mr. Trump waged a campaign filled with antigovernment bombast and then during a transition in which he recruited cabinet secretaries hostile to the agencies they lead. Now they wait in these chaotic early days of Mr. Trump’s presidency as he and his political advisers use executive orders to shred the policies and traditions the workers have championed.
The intensity of feeling was already raw in late December, when members of the Digital Service gathered for drinks at the Laughing Man Tavern, a Washington bar, to say goodbye to Mikey Dickerson, their boss and the Google engineer first hired to rescue HealthCare.gov, the government’s Affordable Care Act website.
Mr. Dickerson had recruited many of them to overhaul outdated government systems and databases, with the goal of helping President Barack Obama open the country’s doors to refugees, protect immigrants, aid veterans and improve health care. Now, he said, those who choose to stay will be building better tools for the agenda of Mr. Trump.
“This is a crisis moment,” Mr. Dickerson told his staff that night, according to a rough transcript of his remarks. “The coalition that brought us all together for a while is broken, because the values that we have all prioritized differently are now pointing in different directions.”
Four days after Mr. Trump’s inauguration, two of Mr. Trump’s advisers — Reed Cordish and Chris Liddell — attended the Digital Service’s staff meeting. The pair, who are close to Jared Kushner, the president’s son-in-law, told the nearly 100 staff members that their expertise was valued by the president; Mr. Kushner; Stephen K. Bannon, the president’s chief strategist; and others in the West Wing.
The message was meant to provide reassurance. But several members of the team said it had the opposite effect. One employee who still works there said it was the moment she realized their combined technological prowess would be harnessed for a new purpose.
“At that moment, when folks heard the name Steve Bannon, it was like a punch in the gut. It became so real,” said the employee, who declined to be identified for fear of reprisals.
Career employees are particularly nervous at the E.P.A., which Mr. Trump repeatedly singled out for attack on the campaign trail, vowing at one point to “get rid of” the agency. On Monday, about 100 employees at the agency’s Chicago office, which oversees the enforcement of environmental regulations in five Midwestern states, used their lunch hour to protest the Senate’s confirmation of Scott Pruitt, the Oklahoma attorney general, to lead the agency. Mr. Pruitt was a fierce critic of its mission under Mr. Obama.
“I have been through several transitions, but I have never had or seen this level of alarm,” said Nicole Cantello, an E.P.A. lawyer in the Chicago office, who heads the Chicago-area union of the agency’s employees.
Ms. Cantello, who has worked for the E.P.A. prosecuting cases since 1990, said that during the George W. Bush administration, some career employees had quietly bristled at more industry-friendly environmental regulations. But at no point did they feel the alarm they do now, she said.
“Unless there’s an abject abandoning of E.P.A.’s role in the world, we’ll do what we’re told to do,” she said.
In a video to E.P.A. employees this past week, the acting administrator, Catherine R. McCabe, acknowledged that “many of you are concerned about” reports that climate change data had been removed from the department’s websites.
“I would like to allay the fears and rumors that scientific data and information are being deleted,” she said. “That is not the case.”
Despite such reassurances, the concerns of federal employees are being spread across social media, on accounts with names like “@Rogue_DOD,” “@Alt_DeptofEd” and “@AngryWHStaffer.” One anonymous Twitter user created “@WhitehouseLeaks,” with a purported mission to reveal the secret workings of the Trump administration from within the West Wing.
Many federal employees recoiled at reports that the president was about to issue an executive order rolling back certain rights for lesbians, gays and transgender people.
“There was a group of people who were planning some public display of protest with the purpose of leaving,” a federal employee in Washington said. Another official, who worked at Treasury until this past week, said his friends would have considered that order “the last straw” and most likely would have quit. The president did not issue such an order.
Many government employees said they were inspired by the actions of Sally Q. Yates, a top Obama-era official in the Justice Department who was fired as  acting attorney general after she refused to order the department’s lawyers to defend the legality of Mr. Trump’s travel ban.
More than 1,000 State Department diplomats registered their opposition to the ban by signing a dissent letter asserting that the new policy would “run counter to core American values” and would not make the country safer.
At the Defense Department, where uniformed men and women work with civilians, several rank-and-file employees expressed outrage that Mr. Trump would announce the travel ban at the Pentagon, a building filled with people from different faiths and countries. That same day, the Defense Department posted a message on Twitter about a former refugee who became a Marine. “From refugee to #Marine. @USMC Cpl Ali J. Mohammed takes his fight to the doorstep of those who cast his family out,” it read.



ARTICLE
President Trump said he plans to “look into” reports that his national security adviser, Michael T. Flynn, discussed sanctions in his pre-inauguration conversations with Russia’s ambassador to the United States and possibly misled administration officials about it.
“I don’t know about that. I haven’t seen it,” said Mr. Trump, speaking to reporters on Air Force One late Friday, during a flight to Florida from Washington. Several news outlets reported on Thursday that Mr. Flynn and Ambassador Sergei I. Kislyak had discussed sanctions that the Obama administration had imposed on Russia.
The White House has denied publicly that the two men discussed sanctions.
Even as Mr. Trump professed his lack of knowledge of the episode, administration officials were scrambling to contain the fallout of the latest revelations about the embattled former three-star general, who has been criticized internally for his judgment and for staffing the National Security Council with military officers instead of trained civilian personnel.
Perhaps a bigger concern for Mr. Flynn is his relationship with Vice President Mike Pence, who sometimes has had to defend him in public.
According to two administration officials, Mr. Flynn told Mr. Pence in January that he had only exchanged pleasantries with Mr. Kislyak during a phone call in December and denied discussing sanctions with him. Mr. Pence repeated Mr. Flynn’s account during a television appearance.
The president still confers daily with Mr. Flynn, one of the few former military leaders to support him during the campaign.
But three weeks into Mr. Trump’s presidency, Mr. Flynn’s role on national security matters has been challenged by other West Wing power players — including the president’s chief strategist, Stephen K. Bannon, and Mr. Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, who have both taken expansive roles shaping foreign and defense policy.
Representative Adam B. Schiff of California, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, questioned on Friday whether Mr. Flynn should be allowed to stay in his job.
The allegation that Mr. Flynn spoke about sanctions relief with the Russian ambassador “raises serious questions of legality and fitness for office,” Mr. Schiff said in a statement. “If he did so, and then he and other administration officials misled the American people, his conduct would be all the more pernicious, and he should no longer serve in this administration or any other.”
Two Democratic senators on Friday renewed their calls for a review of Mr. Flynn’s security clearance, citing the reports of the December call.
“This disclosure highlights just one in a series of decisions made by Flynn both during his military service and as a private citizen that give rise to questions concerning his suitability for continued access to classified information,” the senators, Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut and Jeanne Shaheen of New Hampshire, said in a letter to Jim Mattis, the secretary of defense, and Mike Pompeo, the director of the C.I.A.
The senators first questioned whether Mr. Flynn should be allowed to hold a clearance in a separate letter sent in December. That letter focused on past investigations into allegations that Mr. Flynn leaked classified information, and potential conflicts presented by a private intelligence firm that he started after being forced out as head of the Defense Intelligence Agency in 2014.
Republicans in Congress have remained largely silent on the matter, and have said they see little gain in openly criticizing Mr. Flynn. Some believe he will ultimately stumble hard enough that he will be forced out of the job.
The accounts of Mr. Flynn’s contacts with the Russian ambassador added to the questions about connections between people close to Mr. Trump and Russia. American counterintelligence officials are already known to be investigating at least three of the president’s aides: Paul Manafort, his former campaign chairman; Carter Page, a businessman and former foreign policy adviser; and Roger Stone, a longtime Republican operative.
Those investigations are examining intercepted communications and financial transactions as part of a broad inquiry into possible links between Russian officials and associates of Mr. Trump.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump’s secretary of health and human services, Tom Price, took office on Friday with a promise to fix what he called a “broken health care system” that was “harming Americans and their families.”
Mr. Price was sworn in by Vice President Mike Pence just hours after the Senate, by a party-line vote of 52 to 47, confirmed his nomination in the early hours of Friday morning.
Republicans said that Mr. Price, 62, an orthopedic surgeon, would bring a physician’s insights to managing a federal agency that they said had become addicted to heavy-handed federal regulation and blind to problems spawned by the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare.
“Dr. Price has a thorough understanding of health care policy and the damage that Obamacare has caused,” said Senator Lamar Alexander, Republican of Tennessee, where consumers this year saw rate increases averaging 44 percent to 62 percent in the law’s marketplace.
Mr. Alexander, the chairman of the Senate health committee, said Mr. Price would be “an excellent partner” as Congress tries to devise a replacement for the health care law championed by former President Barack Obama.
Senate Democrats and the chamber’s two independents said they feared the worst, based on Mr. Price’s 12-year record as a Republican member of the House of Representatives from Georgia. They said that Mr. Price had led efforts to repeal the health care law and slow the growth of Medicare and Medicaid by shifting some costs to beneficiaries and trimming payments to some health care providers.
“This is a sad evening,” said Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader. “People will look back and say that the Republicans’ war on seniors began at 2 a.m. Friday morning when the Senate unfortunately confirmed Representative Price.”
The depth of concern about Mr. Price was illustrated by the comments of Senator Angus King, independent of Maine, who caucuses with Democrats but is not given to hyperbole.
“To put somebody in charge of the Department of Health and Human Services that is inimical to Medicare, Medicaid and the Affordable Care Act — this guy is a wrecking ball,” Mr. King said. “He is not a secretary. He is going into this agency to destroy it. He wants to undercut and diminish and, in some cases, literally destroy some of the major underpinnings of providing health care to people in this country.”
By contrast, at the swearing-in ceremony, the vice president said Mr. Price had emerged as “the most principled expert on health care policy in the House of Representatives, if not the entire Congress.”
Mr. Trump said again on Friday that the Affordable Care Act was “a total and complete disaster.” With the confirmation of Mr. Price, he said, the administration will “get down to the final strokes,” devising a plan that can provide “tremendous health care at a lower price.”
In a farewell address to the House submitted for publication in the Congressional Record, Mr. Price said that, as chairman of the Budget Committee, he had begun an important effort to “fix our nation’s broken health care system” and “get Washington out of the way” of patients and doctors.
One of the first challenges facing the new secretary is to stabilize insurance markets and decide the future of financial assistance provided to insurance companies that say they have lost large amounts of money treating patients under the Affordable Care Act.
A judge on the United States Court of Federal Claims ruled on Thursday that the Obama administration had illegally reneged on a promise to pay subsidies to an Oregon insurer, Moda Health Plan. Many other insurers have filed similar claims. The Obama administration’s failure to pay the claims was cited as a reason for the collapse of many nonprofit insurance cooperatives created under the Affordable Care Act.
In the Moda case, Judge Thomas C. Wheeler ordered the government to pay $214 million that the company was expecting under a program meant to limit insurers’ losses in their first few years operating under the Affordable Care Act. Federal officials’ failure to keep their promise was “hardly worthy of our great government,” the judge wrote.
The Trump administration has not decided whether to appeal the decision.
The next prospective member of Mr. Trump’s cabinet to be voted on will be Steven T. Mnuchin, the Treasury secretary nominee, on Monday evening.
Congressional reaction to Mr. Mnuchin, as to Mr. Price, has been divided along party lines. Republicans have been impressed with the former Goldman Sachs banker’s business acumen, while Democrats have argued forcefully that he is ill-equipped to steer America’s economy.
Those divisions were on stark display during Mr. Mnuchin’s confirmation hearing at the Senate Finance Committee last month, when Democrats questioned him over his business record and ultimately boycotted votes on his nomination.
The most significant concern among Democratic critics of Mr. Mnuchin was that he failed to disclose nearly $100 million of his assets and that he did not mention his role as a director of an investment fund based in the Cayman Islands, a well-known tax haven.
Mr. Mnuchin has also been accused by Senate Democrats of lying to Congress when he said during his hearing that OneWest Bank did not engage in the foreclosure practice of “robo-signing” when he was its chief executive. Local news reports suggested that the bank did engage in such practices in some states.
Senator Elizabeth Warren, Democrat of Massachusetts, said on Friday that such discrepancies should disqualify Mr. Mnuchin, who she said was unlikely to look out for working-class Americans.
“There’s nothing in Mr. Mnuchin’s record to suggest that he would want to stand up to Wall Street,” Ms. Warren said in a speech on the Senate floor. “Mr. Mnuchin is the ultimate Wall Street insider.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Robert S. Harward, the retired vice admiral who is President Trump’s top choice to replace his ousted national security adviser, is a hard-charging member of the Navy SEALs who rose through the ranks to top military positions and is close with Jim Mattis, the new secretary of defense.
Mr. Harward, 60, is a former deputy commander of the United States Central Command, the military’s busiest with management of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, and served on the National Security Council under President George W. Bush, where he was responsible for counterterrorism issues. He is currently a top executive at Lockheed Martin, the weapons and aerospace company, overseeing business with the United Arab Emirates.
Mr. Harward’s career has closely tracked that of Mr. Mattis, from the time the two worked together in Afghanistan after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks of 2001 to his tour at Central Command from 2011 to 2013, which included an assignment heading detainee operations in Kabul.
“He has faced down and defeated the world’s most ruthless and deadly enemies, and he has done all that by Mattis’s side,” said Fran Townsend, Mr. Bush’s former homeland security adviser, for whom Mr. Harward worked from 2003 to 2005. “He has been in tougher knife fights than this, and won.”
Still, it is not clear whether Mr. Harward would be willing to surrender his lucrative position and comfortable existence in Abu Dhabi to step into the tumult of the Trump White House. The new administration has been troubled by an unusual level of infighting, disorganization and grievance — including within the ranks of the National Security Council — capped off on Monday by the resignation of Michael T. Flynn as national security adviser.
Raised in prerevolutionary Tehran, Mr. Harward was known to startle his Afghan counterparts during his tours there by conversing with them fluently in Farsi, which is similar to their native Dari. Trained as an elite Special Operations officer, Mr. Harward is also known for his bravado and obsession with physical fitness. As the head of detainee operations in Afghanistan, he would lead weekly hikes in the mountains outside Kabul, outpacing colleagues who were 20 years younger, and has been known to challenge them to push-up contests that left them vomiting.
Mr. Harward looks the part of a battle-hardened military man, a crucial factor for a president who has made clear that he considers appearance an important indicator of a job candidate’s suitability for a role.
With his bald head, ice-blue eyes and long scar of mysterious provenance down his cheek, Mr. Harward has the bearing of an officer who once carried out risky secret operations. But he is also an effective inside player, according to people who know him, having worked for some of the military’s top policy leaders and at the White House.
James G. Stavridis, a retired admiral and former NATO commander, said Mr. Harward was “someone who will find a way to succeed no matter how daunting the task.”
“I have known him well for two decades, and have boundless admiration for his ingenuity, integrity and ability to navigate choppy seas — both operationally in the field and in the battlefield of Washington, D.C.,” said Mr. Stavridis, currently dean of the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University.
“The real question,” he added, “is whether he wants to take the job.”
Some question whether Mr. Harward’s decades of military experience are the right preparation for a senior policy-making post.
In a Twitter post Tuesday, Max Boot, a senior fellow in national security studies at the Council on Foreign Relations, called Mr. Harward “a great SEAL,” but said it was “not clear that running detainee ops in Afghanistan or being No 2 at Centcom is right background for this.”
Friends say Mr. Harward has experience with high-stakes military special operations, but also in navigating the arcane world of the National Security Council, which is charged with synthesizing recommendations from national security and intelligence agencies and advising the president on policy. The process frequently involves managing turf battles and balancing competing interests.
“He’ll bring a buffering calm and balance, as well as his using his previous experience at the N.S.C.,” said Douglas H. Wise, a former deputy director at the Defense Intelligence Agency.
Mr. Mattis is widely seen as a force for steadiness within the Trump administration, and some Republicans who have expressed misgivings about the president’s policies and his attitude toward national security matters have looked to his defense secretary as an island of reliability in a sea of unpredictability.
Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona and chairman of the Armed Services Committee, said on Tuesday that Mr. Trump should name a new national security adviser “who is empowered by clear lines of authority and responsibility and possesses the skills and experience necessary to organize the national security system across our government.”
Mr. McCain said he looked forward “to working with the president’s administration, especially Secretary Mattis, to defend the nation and support our military service members.”
If he is chosen for the post and accepts, Mr. Harward would be reunited with his old boss and mentor, Mr. Mattis. But he would also have to contend with Mr. Trump’s inner circle, populated by political advisers with whom Mr. Harward is not familiar, including Steven K. Bannon, the chief White House strategist.
In an executive order last month — which Mr. Trump later complained privately that he had not been fully briefed on — the president placed Mr. Bannon on the principals committee of the National Security Council, giving a political adviser a position of parity with the secretaries of state and defense, and with the national security adviser.
Two former national security officials who have worked closely with Mr. Harward said he would be unlikely to take the position without strong assurances from Mr. Trump and his team that the council would not be driven by partisan considerations on national security policy, and that he would have the autonomy to provide principled counsel. They spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on Mr. Harward’s behalf.
Mr. Harward’s name surfaced briefly in 2015 in connection to the scandal involving David H. Petraeus, the former general who was forced to resign as director of the Central Intelligence Agency after admitting that he had provided classified information to his lover, and who is now also said to be in the running to be Mr. Trump’s national security adviser.
Jill Kelley, a Tampa socialite who had befriended Mr. Petraeus and then become a target of threatening emails from Mr. Petraeus’ lover, had also written gushing notes to Mr. Harward and Mr. Mattis.
“You ROCK!!!” Ms. Kelley wrote to Mr. Harward in 2012 regarding his dealings with foreign heads of state at a social gathering, according to emails obtained by The Washington Post. “YOU ROCK MORE!,” Mr. Harward replied.
There was no evidence of impropriety in the friendly correspondence, which would have been routine between top military commanders and civic leaders in the communities in which they were stationed.



ARTICLE
The Secret Service director, who was hired two years ago to restore discipline and morale after a series of scandals and lapses at the agency that protects the president, said on Tuesday that he would retire next month, giving President Trump the chance to install his own choice.
Under the director, Joseph P. Clancy, the Secret Service successfully handled the challenges of a presidential campaign and a papal visit, among others; hired more agents; and began a reorganization intended to correct past failures. But morale continues to suffer. Last year, an annual survey of places to work within the federal government ranked the Secret Service dead last among more than 300 agencies.
In 2012, Secret Service agents working in Colombia to prepare for a visit by President Barack Obama brought prostitutes to their hotel rooms, leading to the dismissal or resignation of several agents. In 2014, the agency failed to prevent an armed guard working for a private security agency from riding in an elevator with Mr. Obama, a violation of Secret Service protocols. Days later, a knife-wielding man scaled the White House fence, ran across the lawn and entered the building before agents stopped him.
Subsequent investigations into the agency revealed several instances of people slipping through security screening and getting close to the president. After Representative Jason Chaffetz, Republican of Utah, became a prominent critic of the agency, it emerged that dozens of agents had improperly gained access to his 2003 application to be a Secret Service agent, and that at least one official had suggested leaking unflattering information about him.
Officials said that the agency suffered from chronic staff shortages, and that morale and organization had taken a hit since it was transferred in 2003 from its historical home, the Treasury Department, to the Department of Homeland Security. In addition to protecting dignitaries, the Secret Service is responsible for combating certain financial crimes, notably counterfeiting.
Julia A. Pierson, who was appointed director in 2013, was expected to clean up the mess left by the Colombia affair, but as the lapses kept mounting, she resigned the next year, and Mr. Obama brought in Mr. Clancy.
Mr. Clancy served on the presidential protection team when Bill Clinton was president, and headed that team during Mr. Obama’s first term, developing an unusually warm relationship with the president. He left the Secret Service in 2011, spending three years as a top security official at Comcast Corporation.
Mr. Obama prevailed on Mr. Clancy to return, first as acting director and then as director.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The White House adviser Kellyanne Conway’s public endorsement of Ivanka Trump’s product line appears to be “a clear violation of the prohibition against misuse of position,” and she should be disciplined, the federal government’s chief ethics watchdog wrote this week in a letter to the White House.
Although President Trump’s press secretary, Sean Spicer, said last week that Ms. Conway had been “counseled” about her statement, the White House has not clarified what that means. Experts in government ethics say that typically, offenses like Ms. Conway’s would result in a letter of reprimand, though it could be grounds for termination. It is up to the head of each agency — in this case, the president — to determine the punishment.
The Office of Government Ethics “has not yet received notification of any disciplinary or other corrective action against Ms. Conway,” Walter M. Shaub Jr., director of the office, wrote in a letter to Stefan C. Passantino, the deputy counsel to the president who is the designated ethics officer at the White House.
“There is strong reason to believe that Ms. Conway has violated the standards of conduct and that disciplinary action is warranted,” the letter said.
The ethics office’s letter adds to the troubles piling up on Ms. Conway. On Monday, she was dispatched to the television cameras to say that Michael T. Flynn, the national security adviser, had the full confidence of Mr. Trump, just hours before Mr. Flynn resigned. On Tuesday, she appeared to respond to criticism of her public performances, posting on Twitter that she serves at the pleasure of the president. “His message is my message. His goals are my goals. Uninformed chatter doesn’t matter,” she wrote.
Last week, Representative Jason Chaffetz of Utah, chairman of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, called Ms. Conway’s endorsement of Ms. Trump’s product line “wrong, wrong, wrong,” and he called on the ethics office to investigate. His response was all the more striking given that Mr. Chaffetz, a Republican, had brushed off previous calls to investigate Mr. Trump or those around him, despite his committee’s broad investigative powers.
Ms. Trump, the president’s daughter, markets fashions under her name, and opponents of Mr. Trump have called for a boycott of those and other products and services bearing the family name. Nordstrom, the department store chain, said recently that it would no longer carry her products, one of several retailers that have curtailed or ended their business with her line.
Last week, Mr. Trump used Twitter to accuse Nordstrom of treating Ms. Trump unfairly.
On Thursday, Ms. Conway, whose title is counselor to the president, gave an interview to Fox News from the White House briefing room, with the White House insignia visible behind her, defending the president and his daughter.
“Go buy Ivanka’s stuff is what I would say,” she said. “I’m going to give a free commercial here: Go buy it today, everybody; you can find it online.”
Federal ethics rules on conflicts of interest specifically exempt the president and vice president. But for any other executive branch employee, the rules prohibit using public office for personal gain, or “for the endorsement of any product, service or enterprise, or for the private gain of friends, relatives or persons with whom the employee is affiliated in a nongovernmental capacity.”
Mr. Shaub, who was appointed by President Obama in 2013 to a five-year term to head the ethics office, has said that Mr. Trump has not gone nearly far enough in separating himself from his business interests.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Just days into his new position as President Trump’s national security adviser, Michael T. Flynn found himself in a meeting that any White House official would dread. Face to face with F.B.I. agents, he was grilled about a phone call he had had with Russia’s ambassador.
What exactly Mr. Flynn said has not been disclosed, but current and former government officials said on Tuesday that investigators had come away believing that he was not entirely forthcoming. Soon after, the acting attorney general decided to notify the White House, setting in motion a chain of events that cost Mr. Flynn his job and thrust Mr. Trump’s fledgling administration into a fresh crisis.
Mr. Flynn’s rise and fall followed familiar patterns in Washington, where ambitious figures secure positions of great authority only to lose them in a blizzard of contradictions, recriminations and scandal. But rarely has an official at such a high level risen and fallen in such a dizzyingly short time, in this case just 24 days after Mr. Flynn arrived in the West Wing to take his corner office.
Given his short stay at the top, Mr. Flynn’s case might be quickly forgotten as an isolated episode if it did not raise other questions, particularly about what the president knew and when. Even more broadly, it underscores lingering uncertainty about the relationship between the Trump administration and Vladimir V. Putin’s Russia, a subject of great interest given American intelligence reports of Moscow’s intervention in last year’s elections in the United States.
As leaders of both parties said on Tuesday that they expected the Senate to investigate and probably even summon Mr. Flynn to testify, more details emerged about a drama that played out largely in secret inside a White House riven by competing power centers. Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, revealed that Mr. Trump had known about concerns that Mr. Flynn lied for more than two weeks before demanding his resignation on Monday night. But Vice President Mike Pence was kept in the dark and did not learn that Mr. Flynn had misled him about his Russia contacts until reading news accounts late last week.
Mr. Spicer described a deliberative process in which a new president took his time deciding what to do with Mr. Flynn, a retired three-star general who played a major role in his campaign. The issue, Mr. Spicer said, was not about legality but credibility.
“The evolving and eroding level of trust as a result of this situation and a series of other questionable instances is what led the president to ask for General Flynn’s resignation,” he said.
But other aides privately said that Mr. Trump, while annoyed at Mr. Flynn, might not have pushed him out had the situation not attracted such attention from the news media. Instead, according to three people close to Mr. Trump, the president made the decision to cast aside Mr. Flynn in a flash, the catalyst being a news alert of a coming article about the matter.
“Yeah, it’s time,” Mr. Trump told one of his advisers.
Until around that point, Mr. Flynn seemed to think he was going to keep his job. He told The Daily Caller, a conservative news site, on Monday that he had not violated the law. “If I did, believe me, the F.B.I. would be down my throat, my clearances would be pulled,” he said. “There were no lines crossed.”
But by that evening, he was writing a resignation letter, admitting no deception, only that he had “inadvertently” passed along “incomplete information.”
The issue traced back to a call last December between Mr. Flynn, then on tap to become Mr. Trump’s national security adviser, and Sergey I. Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the United States. President Barack Obama was imposing new sanctions on Russia and expelling 35 diplomats after the election meddling.
The day after the sanctions were announced, Mr. Putin said Russia would not retaliate in kind, as has been the custom in the long, tortured history of Russian-American relations, instead waiting for a new administration that he assumed would be friendlier.
Inside the Obama administration, officials were stunned. Mr. Trump publicly welcomed the decision. “Great move on delay (by V. Putin),” he wrote on Twitter. “I always knew he was very smart!”
Around the same time, Obama advisers heard separately from the F.B.I. about Mr. Flynn’s conversation with Mr. Kislyak, whose calls were routinely monitored by American intelligence agencies that track Russian diplomats. The Obama advisers grew suspicious that perhaps there had been a secret deal between the incoming team and Moscow, which could violate the rarely enforced, two-century-old Logan Act barring private citizens from negotiating with foreign powers in disputes with the United States.
The Obama officials asked the F.B.I. if a quid pro quo had been discussed on the call, and the answer came back no, according to one of the officials, who like others asked not to be named discussing delicate communications. The topic of sanctions came up, they were told, but there was no deal.
On Jan. 12, David Ignatius, a columnist for The Washington Post, reported that Mr. Flynn had called Mr. Kislyak, setting off news media interest in what was said. Mr. Spicer, then the spokesman for Mr. Trump’s transition team, went to Mr. Flynn, who he said told him that sanctions had not come up during the call. Briefing reporters the next day, Mr. Spicer repeated the misinformation, saying that the conversation had “never touched on the sanctions.”
Mr. Flynn told the same thing to Mr. Pence and Reince Priebus, the incoming White House chief of staff, who were scheduled to go on the Sunday talk shows and expected that they would be asked about the matter, according to the two men. On Jan. 15, Mr. Pence went on “Face the Nation” on CBS and on “Fox News Sunday” and repeated that sanctions had not been discussed, while Mr. Priebus said much the same on “Meet the Press” on NBC.
The topic came up again after Mr. Trump and his team moved into the White House. At his first full briefing on Jan. 23, Mr. Spicer said that Mr. Flynn’s conversation had touched on only four subjects, none of them sanctions. That caught the attention of the F.B.I. and the Justice Department.
Sally Q. Yates, an Obama appointee held over as acting attorney general until Mr. Trump’s choice was confirmed, concluded that the disparity between what was said on the call and what Mr. Flynn had evidently told the vice president and others about it might make the new national security adviser vulnerable to blackmail. When foreign governments hold information that could prove embarrassing, it is considered a potential leverage point.
Soon after the Jan. 23 briefing, James B. Comey, the F.B.I. director, sent agents to interview Mr. Flynn. If he told the agents what he said publicly for more than a week after that interview — that his conversations with the ambassador had been innocuous and did not involve sanctions — then he could face legal trouble. If the authorities concluded that he knowingly lied to the F.B.I., it could expose him to a felony charge.
It was not clear whether Mr. Flynn had a lawyer for his interview or whether anyone at the White House knew the interview was happening. But they knew afterward because Ms. Yates, with the support of Mr. Comey, reached out to Donald F. McGahn II, the new White House counsel, on Jan. 26 to give him what Mr. Spicer called a “heads up” about the discrepancy.
Mr. Trump was told “immediately,” Mr. Spicer said, and directed Mr. McGahn to look into the matter. After an “extensive review” that lasted several days, Mr. McGahn concluded that nothing in the conversation had violated federal law, Mr. Spicer said.
But the president then set out to determine whether he could still trust Mr. Flynn. Mr. Spicer said Mr. Flynn stuck to his original account, making matters worse.
“We got to a point not based on a legal issue, but based on a trust issue, with the level of trust between the president and General Flynn had eroded to the point where he felt he had to make a change,” Mr. Spicer said. “The president was very concerned that General Flynn had misled the vice president and others.”
Asked if Mr. Trump had instructed Mr. Flynn to talk about sanctions with Mr. Kislyak, Mr. Spicer said, “No, absolutely not.” Asked if Mr. Trump knew that the issue had come up before the Justice Department told the White House, Mr. Spicer said, “No, he was not aware.”
Mr. Spicer emphasized that there was “nothing wrong” with Mr. Flynn’s talking with representatives of other countries to prepare for the new president taking office, and that, in fact, Mr. Trump wanted him to.
By that point, Mr. Trump’s relationship with Mr. Flynn had grown more awkward. One person close to the president, who asked to remain anonymous to describe private discussions, said Mr. Trump had been “uncomfortable” with Mr. Flynn for weeks. Jared Kushner, the president’s son-in-law and senior adviser, had expressed concern about Mr. Flynn’s appointment even before the inauguration, according to another person briefed on the discussions.
Mr. Trump’s views were coming around to the same point. “What he knew was that Flynn was too much about Flynn, versus Mattis,” the person close to the president said. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis was seen as deferential to the chain of command. “He loves Mattis because Mattis is respectful and self-confident.”
Another key figure with growing concerns about Mr. Flynn was Stephen K. Bannon, the president’s chief strategist whom Mr. Flynn perceived as a rival for control over national security. Mr. Trump began asking Mr. Mattis about two weeks ago for suggestions of possible replacements for Mr. Flynn. The defense secretary recommended retired Vice Adm. Robert S. Harward. Mr. Bannon reached out to Mr. Harward last week, two senior officials said.
The situation escalated late Thursday when word reached the White House that The Washington Post was reporting that the transcript of Mr. Flynn’s call showed that he had discussed sanctions, contrary to his assurances to Mr. Pence and others.
White House officials confronted Mr. Flynn, who only then said that it was possible they had come up, but that he did not remember. “His story remained the same until that night,” Mr. Spicer said. “That’s when his response changed.”
That was also when Mr. Pence first learned that the Justice Department had proof that Mr. Flynn had not told the truth and had warned the White House two weeks earlier, according to Marc Lotter, his spokesman. “He did an inquiry based on those media accounts,” Mr. Lotter added, without elaborating.
Another person who speaks frequently with him said Mr. Pence went “ballistic,” or at least what qualifies as ballistic for the coolheaded vice president.
Mr. Pence, Mr. Priebus and Mr. Bannon urged Mr. Trump to fire the national security adviser, according to officials, but the president could not bring himself to do it, in part for fear of losing face. When a reporter on Air Force One heading to Florida on Friday asked him about The Post’s report, Mr. Trump said he had not read it. “I don’t know about that,” he said. “I haven’t seen it.”
As late as Monday, he was sticking by Mr. Flynn. He sent his counselor, Kellyanne Conway, to tell a television interviewer that he had “full confidence” in Mr. Flynn. And Mr. Flynn phoned a reporter for The Daily Caller on Monday to say the president had “expressed confidence” in him and urged him to “go out and talk more.”
In that interview, posted on Tuesday, Mr. Flynn said he had discussed the Russian diplomats’ expulsion with Mr. Kislyak. “It wasn’t about sanctions,” he said. “It was about the 35 guys who were thrown out.” Mr. Flynn added: “It was basically, ‘Look, I know this happened. We’ll review everything.’ I never said anything such as, ‘We’re going to review sanctions,’ or anything like that.”
Either way, it was too late. When the matter came to overshadow the president’s glitch-free meeting with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau of Canada and word arrived of another Post article on Ms. Yates’s warning to the White House, Mr. Trump ordered an end to the situation. “He made a determination late in the day,” Mr. Spicer said, “and he executed on it.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — On Monday, Michael T. Flynn resigned as President Trump’s national security adviser after admitting he had misled Vice President Mike Pence about his phone calls with a Russian diplomat. In his resignation letter, Mr. Flynn “sincerely apologized” to Mr. Pence and Mr. Trump, blaming the fast pace of events for what he called his “incomplete” account. Mr. Flynn has a well-established history with Russia, but there is still much about the case that is not clear.
■ In December 2015, Mr. Flynn, then retired from the Army, attended a  dinner to celebrate the 10th anniversary of RT, a Russian state-backed English-language news channel that disseminates Russian views on global affairs. He sat at a table with President Vladimir V. Putin, spoke beforehand and subsequently appeared on RT as a commentator.
■ Mr. Flynn had multiple conversations with Russia’s ambassador to the United States, Sergey I. Kislyak, before and after Mr. Trump’s November victory. He spoke to the envoy after President Barack Obama announced new sanctions against Russia to punish it for interfering in the American election. Mr. Putin did not retaliate for the sanctions, which surprised Obama administration officials but drew praise from Mr. Trump on Twitter: “I always knew he was very smart!”
■ Mr. Flynn and other Trump officials, including Mr. Pence and Sean Spicer, the press secretary, denied that Mr. Flynn had raised sanctions in the phone call with Mr. Kislyak. Mr. Spicer said the call had focused on the logistics of a planned phone call between Mr. Trump and Mr. Putin after the inauguration. Mr. Flynn later backed away from that assertion, saying his memory might have been faulty. In his resignation letter, he said he had “inadvertently” misled Mr. Pence.
■ The Justice Department told the White House about the contents of Mr. Flynn’s conversation with Mr. Kislyak, which had been recorded by a government wiretap.
■ The F.B.I. interviewed Mr. Flynn just days after he took office. Shortly thereafter, the acting attorney general, Sally Q. Yates, warned that Mr. Flynn was susceptible to blackmail by the Russians because he had misled Mr. Pence and other officials. Mr. Trump fired Ms. Yates in an unrelated incident after she said the Justice Department would not defend his executive order on immigration.
■ It is not clear whether Mr. Flynn’s conversations with the Russian ambassador were directed by, or carried out with the knowledge of, the president-elect or any of his other senior advisers, including the chief strategist, Stephen K. Bannon. It is also not clear why the White House did not act earlier on the information given to it by the Justice Department.
■ The precise nature of the conversation between Mr. Flynn and Mr. Kislyak has not been made public. Did Mr. Flynn explicitly reassure the Russian government that the incoming administration would ease sanctions? Did he urge the Russians to hold off on imposing retaliatory measures?
■ How did Mr. Flynn’s dealings with the Russians affect American policy toward Russia? As a candidate, Mr. Trump called for warmer relations between the United States and Russia — a message echoed by Mr. Flynn, who said it could be a partner in the fight against the Islamic State. Yet two weeks ago, the ambassador to the United Nations, Nikki R. Haley, declared that the United States would not lift sanctions on Russia until it withdrew from Crimea and stopped destabilizing Ukraine.
■ What is the status of the F.B.I. investigation of Mr. Flynn’s phone calls? Did he break any laws in his conversations with Mr. Kislyak? What did he tell F.B.I. investigators? Has Mr. Flynn hired his own lawyer? And what will he do now?



ARTICLE
The resignation under pressure on Monday night of President Trump’s national security adviser, Michael T. Flynn, centers on the F.B.I.’s scrutiny of his phone calls in late 2016 with the Russian ambassador, Sergey I. Kislyak. The two apparently discussed sanctions the Obama administration was developing to punish Russia over allegations of interference in the 2016 presidential election; officials have asserted that Russia hacked Democratic emails and provided them to WikiLeaks for publication to help Mr. Trump.
As a political matter, Mr. Flynn’s fall may have more to do with having misled the vice president-elect at the time, Mike Pence, who falsely told the public that there had been no discussion of sanctions, or with chaos and dysfunction on the National Security Council on his watch, than with any realistic legal exposure. But the affair has elevated interest in a law called the Logan Act.
The Logan Act is a 1799 statute that bars private citizens from interfering with diplomatic relations between the United States and foreign governments. It makes it a felony, punishable by a fine or imprisonment of up to three years, if an American citizen, without government authorization, interacts “with any foreign government or any officer or agent thereof, with intent to influence the measures or conduct of any foreign government or of any officer or agent thereof, in relation to any disputes or controversies with the United States, or to defeat the measures of the United States.”
As a preliminary matter, it remains unclear whether then-President-elect Trump — as opposed to Mr. Pence — knew about Mr. Flynn’s conversations with the Russian ambassador. (After the announcement by the Russian president, Vladimir V. Putin, that he would not expel American officials in response to new sanctions because there would soon be a different president, Mr. Trump responded with a Twitter post that said, “Great move on delay (by V. Putin) — I always knew he was very smart!”)
But even if Mr. Trump sanctioned the conversation, on its face the Logan Act appears to apply to a president-elect and his top aides, said Laurence Tribe, a Harvard Law School constitutional law professor.
“A president-elect is not an official of the United States,” Mr. Tribe said. “There is no reason why the Logan Act would not apply to the president-elect since it applies to all private citizens, and the people working on the transition are all working in a private-citizen capacity. They have not taken the oath, so they are covered by the act — to the extent that matters.”
The Logan Act appears to be a so-called dead letter, meaning a law that remains technically on the books but is essentially defunct or toothless.
A study by the Congressional Research Service in 2015 said nobody has ever been prosecuted under the statute and identified only one instance of an indictment under the law: in 1803, the United States attorney in Kentucky obtained from a grand jury an indictment of a Kentucky farmer who had written an article in support of creating a separate nation in the territory west of the fledgling United States that would be an ally to France. But the prosecutor dropped the case. A recent draft scholarly paper posted online by a Federal Appeals Court law clerk identified a second apparent such indictment, involving the reported arrest in 1852 of a man who wrote a letter to the president of Mexico.
Legal scholars have also raised questions about whether the act violates First Amendment free speech protections, although Mr. Tribe said he believed it would be constitutional if applied narrowly to core diplomatic negotiations with another government.
The Logan Act has functioned primarily as rhetorical ammunition for the party that holds the White House during partisan disputes over a foreign policy matter. When White House opponents, usually in Congress, encroach on diplomatic matters, invoking the Logan Act enables the pro-White House party to denounce the other side as not just wrongheaded but lawbreakers.
During the Reagan administration, for example, the Democratic speaker of the House, Jim Wright of Texas, tried to help develop a peace deal in Nicaragua by interacting directly with its president, Daniel Ortega Saavedra, even as the Reagan administration took a harder line and supported overthrowing the Sandinista government. Similarly, during the Obama administration, 47 Republican senators signed a letter to the government of Iran warning the ayatollahs that President Obama’s successor might not follow through on promises Mr. Obama was making as part of negotiations over a deal to end Iran’s nuclear program. During such debates, some White House defenders portrayed the congressional opposition as having violated the Logan Act.
Given its history, it seems highly unlikely that the Justice Department under Mr. Trump will try to prosecute Mr. Flynn for violating the Logan Act. However, that would not rule out other legal problems.
For example, if it turns out that Mr. Flynn made a false statement not just to Mr. Pence but also to F.B.I. agents about his conversations with the Russian ambassador, that could be a separate offense for which there is a history of prosecuting high-level officials. Most recently, late in the Obama administration, former Gen. James Cartwright pleaded guilty to making false statements to F.B.I. agents investigating a leak about cyberattacks on Iran’s nuclear program. Mr. Obama pardoned him before leaving office.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The stunning resignation of Michael T. Flynn as White House national security adviser has emboldened congressional Democrats to demand a broader investigation into President Trump’s ties to Russia — and compelled a small group of leading Republicans to acknowledge growing concerns over the episode.
“It’s dysfunctional as far as national security is concerned,” Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona and chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, said of the Trump White House. “Who’s in charge? Who’s in charge? Who’s making policy? Who’s making decisions?”
While many Republican lawmakers remained largely silent on Tuesday about the deep turmoil in Mr. Trump’s national security apparatus, some allowed that further inquiry might be necessary, to a point.
Republican leadership in the Senate said that it was likely that Mr. Flynn would be asked to speak to the Intelligence Committee, which is looking into Russia’s efforts to disrupt the 2016 election, and that his discussions with the Russian ambassador would probably be folded into the review.
But there still appeared to be little momentum for a select committee to investigate Russian interference — an idea that Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, has long resisted.
Few Republicans in Congress lamented Mr. Flynn’s departure from the administration, crediting Mr. Trump for hastening his resignation, despite reports that White House officials knew for weeks that Mr. Flynn had misled colleagues.
“I think it’s pretty obvious why he decided to make the decision he did,” Mr. McConnell said of Mr. Trump.
At the same time, in a striking role reversal, the party long known for its universally hawkish stance toward Russia is now ceding some of that ground to Democrats.
On Tuesday, Democrats tried to make it clear that Mr. Flynn’s resignation must be only the first chapter in the story of Russia’s involvement in the 2016 election.
“The crisis here rises above party,” said the Democratic leader in the Senate, Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, calling for an “independent, nonpartisan” investigation and insisting that Jeff Sessions, the new attorney general who was active in Mr. Trump’s campaign alongside Mr. Flynn, recuse himself from any review.
Some Republicans, though, were eager to move on.
“I think that situation has taken care of itself,” said Representative Jason Chaffetz, chairman of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform.
Speaker Paul D. Ryan sidestepped calls for congressional inquiries into the Flynn episode, saying he would not “prejudge any of the circumstances surrounding this.”
But, he added, “you cannot have a national security adviser misleading the vice president and others.”
Mr. Flynn resigned after admitting he misled Vice President Mike Pence about the contents of his conversations with the Russian ambassador, Sergey I. Kislyak, after the election but before Mr. Trump took office.
For the Democrats, broader questions have been raised by Russian involvement before and after the election.
The revelation about the conversations “reinforces both the urgency and the significance of the Senate Intelligence Committee’s bipartisan investigation into Russian interference,” said Senator Mark Warner, Democrat of Virginia and the vice chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, “which will include a thorough examination of contacts between Russia and individuals associated with political campaigns, as well as interviews with current and former government officials.”
He added, “It is clear that our task is more urgent than ever.”
Senator Richard Burr, Republican of North Carolina and the committee’s chairman, was less voluble.
“I intend to have an active oversight of the committee in our areas of jurisdiction,” he told reporters on Tuesday, boarding a subway in the Capitol.
Several Republican lawmakers seemed most inclined to praise Mr. Trump and his team for acting decisively. “The administration got to the facts and made a decision expeditiously,” said Senator Thom Tillis, Republican of North Carolina.
In his remarks on the Senate floor Tuesday morning, Mr. McConnell chastised Democrats for moving slowly on the confirmation of Mr. Trump’s cabinet nominees, and did not mention Mr. Flynn.
Republican Senate offices fired off approving statements about Linda McMahon’s confirmation to lead the Small Business Administration, dwelling little on Mr. Flynn.
Leading Republicans in the House spent their weekly news conference at the Capitol focusing instead on dismantling the Affordable Care Act — and wishing their spouses a happy Valentine’s Day, one by one, from the microphone.
Senator Richard J. Durbin, Democrat of Illinois, speaking on the Senate floor, seemed incredulous at the reticence of his Republican colleagues. “The party of Reagan has spoken zero times about the Russian attack or Flynn’s actions on the floor of the Senate since early October,” Mr. Durbin said, noting Mr. McConnell’s silence on the matter.
Mr. McCain, one of the most vocal critics of Mr. Trump’s approach and tenor toward Russia, was among the earliest to speak out forcefully on Tuesday.
“General Flynn’s resignation also raises further questions about the Trump administration’s intentions toward Vladimir Putin’s Russia, including statements by the president suggesting moral equivalence between the United States and Russia despite its invasion of Ukraine, annexation of Crimea, threats to our NATO allies, and attempted interference in American elections,” Mr. McCain said in a statement.
However, Mr. McCain did not restate his earlier calls for a select committee to investigate Russian interference in the presidential election, which has not been supported by Mr. McConnell, who said any such investigations should be the purview of the relevant Senate committees. Mr. McCain has vowed that his committee will conduct a thorough inquiry and that he had full confidence in Mr. Trump’s defense and homeland security secretaries, calling his partnership with them “excellent.”
Most Republicans pursued similar arguments, deflecting questions about the need for further investigations into the administration’s ties to Russia. But a handful expressed concern about the pace of progress.
“It is frustrating to understand how we’re going to get a full, in-depth look at all the things that have happened,” said Senator Bob Corker, Republican of Tennessee, chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee. “I think this episode does heighten the intensity around wanting to make sure that it’s fulsome and that we understand all aspects of what’s occurred.”
Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, identified a possible silver lining.
“I just think it makes it almost impossible for them to lift sanctions now,” said Mr. Graham, who introduced bipartisan legislation last week that would require congressional approval for Mr. Trump to lift sanctions against Russia. “That’s sort of the good news.”
Mr. Graham suggested, gently, that Republicans should take care to avoid any appearance of hypocrisy.
“I think it’s important for us to be informed about the phone call. Did he do it by himself? Did he kind of go rogue or did somebody suggest to him to call the Russians?” he said. “I know we would be upset as Republicans if the Obama administration had done this.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The resignation of Michael T. Flynn as national security adviser caps a remarkably tumultuous first month for President Trump’s White House that has burdened the early days of his presidency with scandal, legal challenges, personnel drama and questions about his temperament during interactions with world leaders.
Mr. Flynn, a retired Army lieutenant general, lasted only 24 days before his tenure was cut short by an admission that he had misled the vice president and other White House colleagues about the contents of a phone call with the Russian ambassador to the United States.
The resignation on Monday night and the continuing turmoil inside the National Security Council have deeply rattled the Washington establishment.
Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, railed against the administration on Tuesday, decrying the “dysfunction” of the country’s national security apparatus and accusing the White House of being a place where “nobody knows who’s in charge and nobody knows who’s setting policy.”
Gen. Tony Thomas, head of the military’s Special Operations Command, expressed concern about upheaval inside the White House. “Our government continues to be in unbelievable turmoil. I hope they sort it out soon because we’re a nation at war,” he said at a military conference on Tuesday.
Asked about his comments later, General Thomas said in a brief interview, “As a commander, I’m concerned our government be as stable as possible.”
But Mr. Flynn’s late-night departure just added to the broader sense of chaos at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.
In record time, the 45th president has set off global outrage with a ban on travelers from Muslim-majority countries, fired his acting attorney general for refusing to defend the ban and watched as federal courts swiftly moved to block the policy, calling it an unconstitutional use of executive power.
The president angrily provoked the cancellation of a summit meeting with the Mexican president, hung up on Australia’s prime minister, authorized a commando raid that resulted in the death of a Navy SEAL member, repeatedly lied about the existence of millions of fraudulent votes cast in the 2016 election and engaged in Twitter wars with senators, a sports team owner, a Hollywood actor and a major department store chain. His words and actions have generated almost daily protests around the country.
“I’ve never been so nervous in my lifetime about what may or may not happen in Washington,” said Leon Panetta, a Democrat who served as chief of staff, secretary of defense and C.I.A. director during a 50-year career that spanned nine presidents from both parties. “I don’t know whether this White House is capable of responding in a thoughtful or careful way should a crisis erupt,” he said in an interview on Tuesday. “You can do hit-and-miss stuff over a period of time. But at some point, I don’t give a damn what your particular sense of change is all about, you cannot afford to have change become chaos.”
Mr. Trump’s allies note that the president has moved forward in areas that are more typical of the early days of a first-term administration. Mr. Trump nominated a Supreme Court justice 12 days into his tenure, and has issued a dozen executive orders, including ones to limit the influence of lobbyists, reduce regulations, pare the Affordable Care Act, move forward on pipeline construction, end trade deals and speed up deportations.
Those accomplishments are catnip for the president’s most fervent supporters across the country, said Sara Fagen, who served as a senior aide and political director for former President George W. Bush. The perspective on the White House is very different far outside the interstate freeway that rings Washington, she said.
“If you’re someone inside the Beltway, you think it's been really rocky,” she said. “If you are outside the Beltway, you think, ‘That’s why we sent him there.’ There has been a lot of chaos and a lot of growing pains, but they have gotten a lot done.”
Still, half of the president’s cabinet has yet to be confirmed by the Republican-controlled Senate, and several other key White House aides have become lightning rods for daily mockery by late-night comedians.
It all has official Washington reeling and exhausted as it tries to make sense of — and keep up with — the nearly constant tornado of activity swirling around the president and his advisers.
“If you had no-drama Obama, you’ve got all-drama, all-the-time Trump,” said John Feehery, a veteran Republican strategist, who compared the last several weeks to the chaotic start to Newt Gingrich’s tenure as speaker of the House in 1995.
“Newt never settled down. It was always one crisis after another,” Mr. Feehery recalled. “This might be the new normal. People will start getting used to the new normal, but will also be exhausted by it.”
As a candidate, Mr. Trump promised to move quickly to stop illegal immigration, bring jobs back, end trade deals and reduce crime. Central to his campaign agenda was his pledge to be a disruptive force in Washington — and he has certainly done that.
Since winning the election, Mr. Trump and his closest aides have embraced the turmoil, viewing it as evidence of their aggressive efforts to fundamentally reorient the government.
The West Wing also uses the chaos as a tactical weapon, believing that the flurry of early-morning presidential tweets, controversial statements during the afternoon briefing and surprise executive actions work to keep their adversaries, the media and others off balance.
On Tuesday, Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, happily kept reporters waiting while he did “a quick recap of the president’s activity,” proceeding to offer a long list of meetings and phone calls with foreign leaders, female entrepreneurs, local officials and educators.
Yet the disruptions have come at a cost: the president has so far made little progress on legislation that would repeal President Barack Obama’s signature health care law. The White House has not proposed a promised infrastructure bill to repair deteriorating roads, bridges and tunnels. And the president’s aides have not yet drawn up plans for an overhaul of the nation’s tax code.
“It’s pretty predictable,” Mr. Feehery said. “This guy has never been in government before and he promised to be disruptive.”
It may also have consequences for Mr. Trump’s ability to help Republicans win in the 2018 midterm elections. And Republican campaign experts acknowledge that his chances for winning re-election may hinge on his ability to contain the White House frenzy.
“You are processing so much information in a day now. This stuff would have doomed anyone else, just one or two of them,” said Thomas M. Davis, a former Republican member of Congress from Virginia. “They have got to produce something. If all you’ve got is a bunch of executive orders and a Twitter feed, you don’t want to go into an election like that.”
Kevin Madden, who served as a senior adviser to Mitt Romney during both of his presidential campaigns, said Mr. Trump’s voters in 2016 wanted him to overhaul an establishment in Washington, which they view as long on promises, long on process but short on action.
“Voters certainly asked for change. They certainly wanted to see disruption,” Mr. Madden said. “But if change begins to look like confusion and disruption morphs into disorder, you risk losing a certain level of confidence with voters.”



ARTICLE
■ Michael T. Flynn’s resignation as national security adviser prompts calls to redouble investigations of Russia contacts.
■ President Trump names Lt. Gen. Joseph Keith Kellogg Jr., a retired Vietnam War veteran, as interim security adviser.
■ The White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, told the news media that Mr. Trump demanded Mr. Flynn’s resignation.
Mr. Spicer said Mr. Trump was informed 17 days ago by Donald F. McGahn II, the White House counsel, that his national security adviser had not been truthful when he told Vice President Mike Pence that he had not discussed sanctions with the Russian ambassador.
Mr. Spicer said the president asked Mr. McGahn to then determine whether Mr. Flynn had violated the law. In the end, he said, there was “a violation of trust,” not “a violation of law.”
“It was an evolving and eroding process,” Mr. Spicer said when asked why Mr. Trump’s senior adviser, Kellyanne Conway, could say that Mr. Flynn had the president’s full trust on Monday afternoon.
Senator John McCain of Arizona, chairman of the Armed Services Committee, was the first elected Republican to hit hard on the turmoil in Mr. Trump’s White House, and the continuing questions about Russian influence.
“General Flynn’s resignation is a troubling indication of the dysfunction of the current national security apparatus,” said Mr. McCain, who has emerged as one of the few Republican antagonists that Mr. Trump has not silenced.
“General Flynn’s resignation also raises further questions about the Trump administration’s intentions toward Vladimir Putin’s Russia, including statements by the president suggesting moral equivalence between the United States and Russia despite its invasion of Ukraine, annexation of Crimea, threats to our NATO allies and attempted interference in American elections,” he continued.
A day after Facebook posts came to light showing deliberations over North Korea in the public dining hall of the Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida, Mr. Trump is up in arms about loose national security controls.
Illegal leaks are, of course, a growing concern for Mr. Trump, since they portray him as running a White House that from the outside at least appears to be spinning out of control. For Mr. Trump, however, the imperative is to focus attention on anything but Russia.
As scandal swirled around Mr. Trump’s new White House, Republicans in Congress beyond Mr. McCain were almost silent on the resignation of Mr. Flynn and its implications.
Speaker Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin chose to focus on Mr. Flynn’s decision to mislead Mr. Pence on the contents of his conversations with Russia’s ambassador to the United States, Sergey I. Kislyak.
“You cannot have a national security adviser misleading the vice president and others,” he told reporters on Tuesday.
But Mr. Ryan deflected when asked about calls for congressional inquiries into the episode. “I’m not going to prejudge circumstances surrounding this,” he said. “I think the administration will explain the circumstances that led to this.”
He again praised Mr. Trump, without identifying Mr. Flynn by name. “As soon as this person lost the president’s trust, the president asked for his resignation,” Mr. Ryan said, “and that was the right thing to do.”
In fact, the Justice Department informed the White House a month ago that Mr. Flynn had not been truthful about his conversations with the ambassador.
The chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, Devin Nunes of California, a Trump loyalist, released one of the few statements from the Republican side of the aisle, and it offered no criticism:
Senator Richard M. Burr of North Carolina, chairman of the Intelligence Committee, was no more forthcoming. “Mike Flynn served his country with distinction,” he said in a statement. “The president needs a national security adviser whom he can trust, and I defer to him to decide who best fills that role.”
One exception, the former chairman of the Republican National Committee, Michael Steele, who threw his not-very-heavy weight behind a bipartisan commission.
Gen. Tony Thomas, head of the military’s Special Operations Command, told a military conference on Tuesday that the upheavals in Washington are rippling through the American military.
“Our government continues to be in unbelievable turmoil,” he said. “I hope they sort it out soon because we’re a nation at war.”
General Thomas insisted Special Operations forces are “staying focused” despite all the controversy in Washington.
Asked about his comments later, General Thomas said in a brief interview, “As a commander, I’m concerned our government be as stable as possible.”
Have feedback for the White House on Mr. Flynn or really any other matter? No need to hold your tongue.
Almost two months after the Obama administration temporarily closed it, Mr. Trump’s staff resuscitated the White House comment line on Monday, and volunteers will now take comments for the president on a routine basis.
The line’s closing, during a time of drastic change in the government, spawned consternation among those already wary about the new administration and its commitment to public accountability. Sarah Huckabee Sanders, a spokeswoman for the White House, said the closing had been merely a matter of staffing the office that maintains the line.
Give it a call at 202-456-1111.
Although the White House was warned a month ago that Mr. Flynn had been untruthful about the nature of his contacts with Moscow, he was allowed into security briefings as recently as Monday, Ms. Conway said on the “Today” show on Tuesday.
The Justice Department had warned the White House weeks ago that Mr. Flynn’s dissembling put him at risk of blackmail from Russian intelligence, but he was kept by the president’s side.
“That’s one characterization,” Ms. Conway said when confronted with those circumstances.
Mr. Flynn’s contacts with the Russian ambassador to the United States are not in question, nor is his trip to Moscow to celebrate the Russian propaganda network RT — sitting next to Russia’s president, Vladimir V. Putin — but Moscow said on Tuesday that his resignation was a domestic matter unconnected to the Kremlin.



ARTICLE
Michael T. Flynn resigned as national security adviser on Monday night following the revelation that he had misled White House officials about conversations he had had with the Russian ambassador to the United States.
Here’s a time line of his tenure.
President-elect Donald J. Trump offered Mr. Flynn the post of national security adviser, elevating the retired general and intelligence officer who saw Islamist militancy as a global existential threat.
“I am pleased that Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn will be by my side as we work to defeat radical Islamic terrorism, navigate geopolitical challenges and keep Americans safe at home and abroad,” Mr. Trump said at the time.
Former President Barack Obama ejected dozens of suspected Russian intelligence operatives from the United States and imposed sanctions on Russia after American intelligence officials concluded that the nation had ordered the hacking of the Democratic National Committee in an attempt to tip the election to Mr. Trump.
In a phone conversation around the same time, Mr. Flynn discussed the sanctions with the Russian ambassador, Sergey I. Kislyak, and urged Russia not to retaliate because doing so could complicate future cooperation between the two nations, according to former and current administration officials. The call was captured on a routine wiretap of diplomats’ calls, officials said.
Mr. Flynn never explicitly promised sanction relief, but seemed to leave the impression that it was possible, officials said. Private citizens are prohibited by law from engaging in diplomacy.
Mr. Pence was asked about the phone call on the CBS Sunday morning program “Face the Nation,” following a Washington Post report on Mr. Flynn’s ties to Russia and his conversation with Ambassador Kislyak.
John Dickerson, the program’s host, asked if the exchanges had served to moderate the Russian response to the sanctions. Mr. Pence denied that sanctions had been discussed and described the timing of the conversation as “strictly coincidental.”
“What I can confirm, having spoken to him about it, is that those conversations that happened to occur around the time that the United States took action to expel diplomats had nothing whatsoever to do with those sanctions,” Mr. Pence said.
Officials said that Mr. Pence now believes that Mr. Flynn had lied to him by denying that the sanctions were discussed.
Soon after F.B.I. agents interviewed Mr. Flynn about the call, the acting attorney general, Sally Q. Yates, told Donald F. McGahn II, the new White House counsel, that Mr. Flynn was vulnerable to Russian blackmail due to the discrepancy between his public statements and what intelligence officials knew about the call.
Mr. Trump was told “immediately” and instructed Mr. McGahn to conduct a review, Sean Spicer, the White press secretary, later explained. The review lasted several days and ended when Mr. McGahn concluded that nothing in the conversation had violated federal law.
Following reports from several news outlets, Mr. Trump said he planned to “look into” Mr. Flynn’s conversation with Ambassador Kislyak.
“I don’t know about that,” Mr. Trump told reporters on Air Force One. “I haven’t seen it.” The White House publicly denied that sanctions were discussed.
The White House later said that Mr. Trump had been informed weeks earlier that Mr. Flynn had not told the truth about his conversation with the Russian ambassador. A former administration official said the Justice Department had issued a warning in January to the White House, raising concerns that Mr. Flynn could be vulnerable to blackmail by Moscow.
Despite conflicting reports about his status throughout the day, Mr. Flynn resigned on Monday evening, less than one month after Mr. Trump took office. The resignation came so quickly that at least two staff members from the National Security Council said they learned about it from news reports.
“Unfortunately, because of the fast pace of events, I inadvertently briefed the vice president-elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian ambassador,” Mr. Flynn wrote in his resignation letter. “I have sincerely apologized to the president and the vice president, and they have accepted my apology.”
“I am tendering my resignation, honored to have served our nation and the American people in such a distinguished way,” he wrote.
Lt. Gen. Joseph K. Kellogg Jr. was named acting national security adviser.



ARTICLE
Melania Trump thanked the actress and model Emily Ratajkowski on Twitter on Monday night for defending her against a reporter’s derogatory comment.
Ms. Ratajkowski said on Twitter earlier in the day that a reporter for The New York Times, whom she sat next to at an event on Sunday, had said, “Melania is a hooker.” Ms. Ratajkowski, who did not identify the reporter, defended the first lady.
In a response on Twitter on Monday night, Mrs. Trump praised women who support one another, mentioning Ms. Ratajkowski by her Twitter handle. “Applause to all women around the world who speak up, stand up and support other women!” she wrote.
The tweet was Mrs. Trump’s first since Saturday and only the fifth since her official White House account was created last month.
In a statement, The Times described the reporter’s comment as “inappropriate” and said editors had spoken with the reporter about it.
“At a party last night, a Times reporter who does not cover Washington or politics referred to an unfounded rumor regarding Melania Trump,” The Times said. “The comment was not intended to be public, but it was nonetheless completely inappropriate and should not have occurred. Editors have talked to the reporter in question about the lapse.”
The Times did not identify the reporter.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — For four days, President Trump’s national security adviser, Michael T. Flynn, had been at the eye of a storm over his contacts with a Russian diplomat, his truthfulness with other officials about the exchange, and the deepening chaos inside the National Security Council.
Yet on Monday afternoon, Mr. Trump faced reporters and did not get a single question about his embattled aide, who ended up resigning before the day’s end. It was the second time in three days he held a news conference and was not asked about a news story that has dominated front pages and cable news coverage.
It is not that members of the White House press corps did not want to ask about Mr. Flynn. Several reporters stood up at the end of Monday’s news conference, with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau of Canada, and shouted questions about Mr. Flynn, which the president ignored.
But the White House steered the formal questions to two conservative-leaning news organizations, which chose to ask Mr. Trump and Mr. Trudeau general queries about trade and immigration, the subjects of his first meeting with the prime minister.
As a result, Mr. Trump did not address Mr. Flynn’s status for days after The New York Times and The Washington Post reported on Thursday that he had discussed American sanctions against Russia with Moscow’s ambassador to Washington, Sergey I. Kislyak, weeks before Mr. Trump took office. Those reports contradicted earlier statements by several Trump officials, including Vice President Mike Pence.
Mr. Trump was also not asked about photographs of him being briefed on Saturday night after North Korea fired a ballistic missile, a highly sensitive deliberation that took place in full view of other patrons in a public dining room at his Florida club, Mar-a-Lago.
The lack of questions about that or Mr. Flynn drew protests from journalists, both inside and outside the East Room. “Reporters covering the White House who fail to ask the president about the most pressing news of the day should be ashamed of themselves,” Glenn Kessler, who writes the Fact Checker column for The Post, said on Twitter.
Presidents, it must be said, routinely pick and choose reporters at news conferences, often with an eye to drawing certain kinds of questions. The Trump administration, however, has taken that strategy to a new level, managing to avoid scrutiny on a major running story.
Mr. Trump’s press secretary, Sean Spicer, has been open about wanting to expand the list of news outlets that traditionally have been regularly called on during White House briefings. He began his first briefing by calling on a reporter from The New York Post, Daniel Halper, who also got a question at Mr. Trump’s news conference on Friday with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan.
Mr. Spicer did not respond to a message seeking comment for this article.
Joint news conferences with the president and visiting foreign leaders are an awkward ritual, even during the best of times. First there is the simultaneous translation, during which both leaders need to wear earpieces, something that caught Mr. Trump off guard with Mr. Abe. He did not put in the earpiece during the prime minister’s lengthy introduction.
Normally, the leaders call on two reporters from each of their respective countries, ostensibly to ask both of them about their just-concluded meeting. In reality, reporters often seize the opportunity to quiz the president about the pressing news of the day, which often has nothing to do with, say, Canada or Japan.
Foreign leaders often find themselves standing uncomfortably while their host tangles with reporters about health care policy or other domestic issues. That is even truer for leaders from countries, like Canada and Japan, with which the United States has generally tranquil relations, and hence generate little in the way of juicy news.
On Friday, for example, Mr. Halper asked Mr. Trump about his reaction to the federal court ruling striking down his immigration order. The president, clearly not yet used to the drill, replied with palpable irritation: “Well, your question was unrelated to what we are here for today, but I will answer it. We are going to keep our country safe.”
On Monday, Mr. Trump got no such surprises. His first questioner, Scott Thuman of Sinclair Broadcast Group, asked the president how he expected his relationship with Mr. Trudeau to develop on issues like terrorism and immigration, given their “notable and philosophical differences.”
“We’re going to have a great relationship with Canada, maybe as good or better, hopefully than ever before,” Mr. Trump replied.
In a statement, Mr. Thuman said he had prepared a question on Mr. Flynn but decided to “go a different route” when he heard that other reporters planned to ask the same thing. “Anyone familiar with me or my reporting knows it to be unbiased, free of agenda, and unafraid to ask tough questions,” he said.
The second American reporter, Kaitlan Collins of The Daily Caller, asked Mr. Trump to list the most important national security challenges facing the United States. She asked Mr. Trudeau whether he, having maintained an open-door policy for refugees from Syria, saw any merit in Mr. Trump’s immigration executive order on “national security grounds.”
Neither Ms. Collins nor Mr. Thuman said they shared questions in advance with the White House press office. Ms. Collins said she chose a broad question about national security because it was more relevant for her readers than the status of one of Mr. Trump’s staff members.
“They want to know where the next war is going to be,” she said of her readers. “Why would I even go to the press conference if we’re all supposed to ask the same question?”
The White House had alerted a reporter from Bloomberg News, Jennifer Jacobs, that she might receive a question — a standard practice by the press office to ensure that the reporter shows up and is prepared. Ms. Jacobs planned on asking about Mr. Flynn; she, too, had not told the White House in advance. But in the end, Mr. Trump did not call on Ms. Jacobs.
The White House’s press management left the press corps in a lamentable place, with the visiting Canadian journalists extracting what little news there was.
“President Trump,” said Tonda MacCharles of The Toronto Star, “you seem to suggest that Syrian refugees are a Trojan horse for potential terrorism, while the prime minister hugs refugees and welcomes them with open arms. So I’d like to know, are you confident the northern border is secure?”
Mr. Trump replied, “Can never be totally confident.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — On paper, the fight over President Trump’s Supreme Court pick offers promise for a down-and-out Democratic Party — a rare congressional showdown where a minority caucus of 48 members can assert its influence in unified opposition.
But as the nominee, Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, goes through his paces on Capitol Hill, keeping a bipartisan schedule of Senate meetings, the process has laid bare the dilemma now facing Democrats at every turn, forcing the party into disparate factions over a nominee with copious credentials but deeply conservative roots.
The nomination has particularly squeezed red-state Democratic senators, positioning them squarely between the activist fury of the left and advertising dollars on the right, where conservative groups are hitting the airwaves to apply pressure.
It has presented a showcase for eager messengers (and possible 2020 presidential contenders) like Senator Cory Booker of New Jersey and Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, who brandished their anti-Trump bona fides by speaking out against Judge Gorsuch from the moment he was announced.
And it has introduced a measure of strain for those in the middle, who are seeking to negotiate the seething anger of liberal voters and an instinct for comity among lawmakers who have spent years lamenting what they have viewed as Republican bulldozing of Senate norms.
“The base wants me to reject him out of hand,” said Senator Richard J. Durbin of Illinois, the body’s No. 2 Democrat, who will meet with Judge Gorsuch on Tuesday. “I don’t think that serves the country well.”
Mr. Durbin added: “We’ve had a handful of Democratic senators who’ve already announced they’re voting no. Many people in some parts of the base think we should all make that announcement. I just don’t think that’s appropriate.”
This is the rhetorical space many Democrats have sought: magnanimous-sounding — at least compared with the treatment of Judge Merrick B. Garland, President Barack Obama’s nominee last year, who was denied even a meeting with Republicans — without ruling out future efforts to block Judge Gorsuch. (Democrats can block the nomination outright by denying him a filibuster-proof 60 votes, but that may prompt Republicans to change the rules to elevate Judge Gorsuch with a simple majority vote.)
Democrats remain furious at Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, for his refusal to hold a hearing on Judge Garland, leaving the seat open for nearly a year before Mr. Trump took office. Left-leaning members are particularly disinclined to reward Mr. McConnell’s gambit while allowing Mr. Trump to carry out a central campaign pledge of installing a conservative justice, even if Judge Gorsuch is among the more palatable choices they might reasonably expect from the president.
Still, the passions of the moment, Mr. Durbin suggested, have caused some liberals to confuse responsible vetting and decorum with obsequiousness.
“I don’t think it’s fair, after the speeches we made about fair treatment for Merrick Garland,” he said of calls for instant opposition. “I have a constitutional responsibility here.”
For some, this balancing act has been wobbly. Senator Jeanne Shaheen, Democrat of New Hampshire, appeared to break with her caucus last week in calling for an “up-or-down vote” on Judge Gorsuch, earning unwelcome praise from the White House before amending her comments. She had intended to convey support for holding a procedural vote that would precede a vote on Judge Gorsuch’s confirmation, she said, not for a majority vote to confirm him without the prospect of a filibuster.
And last month, before Judge Gorsuch was even nominated, Senator Claire McCaskill, Democrat of Missouri, lurched inadvertently into a firestorm with an ostensibly vanilla statement.
“We should have a full confirmation hearing process and a vote on ANY nominee for the Supreme Court,” she wrote on Twitter — the kind of pro forma remark that would not have required saying, much less defending, not long ago.
But instantly, Ms. McCaskill’s office was deluged. Voters lobbed profanities at her social media feed. Some threatened to get behind a Democratic primary challenger in 2018.
A Republican colleague, Senator John Cornyn of Texas, gleefully seized on a misleading news report placing Ms. McCaskill among a group of senators who purportedly said they would not filibuster the nominee.
By then, Ms. McCaskill had made clear she believed in a 60-vote threshold for confirmation. It did not matter. Leaving the Capitol last week, Ms. McCaskill, a typically voluble senator — from a state Mr. Trump carried by more than 18 points — had settled on a new approach.
“I’m not talking about the Supreme Court nominee at all, in any way,” Ms. McCaskill said. “I just don’t think it’s a good idea.”
Democrats from other conservative-leaning states have been eager to demonstrate an openness to Judge Gorsuch.
After meeting with the judge at his office last week, Senator Jon Tester, Democrat of Montana, urged his colleagues to “give him a fair shake.”
“He deserves that,” Mr. Tester said.
Senator Joe Manchin III, Democrat of West Virginia, who has said he will not join any filibuster, smirked when asked if he felt any pressure from other Democrats to stand against Mr. Trump.
“I’m immune to pressure,” said Mr. Manchin, who once demonstrated his independence by firing a bullet through Obama administration energy policies in a campaign ad. “If I can go home and explain it, that’s how I make my decision.”
With Judge Gorsuch’s completion of a Judiciary Committee questionnaire over the weekend, lawmakers have begun scrutinizing his record in more detail. Democrats have expressed particular concern about his votes in favor of employers, including Hobby Lobby, a chain of retail stores that cited religious objections in refusing to provide some forms of contraception coverage to female employees.
Outside groups on the left have also sought to assert themselves, with anti-Gorsuch television ads airing in Montana, Missouri, West Virginia and other Trump-leaning states with Democratic senators.
Last week, Judge Gorsuch and his team seemed inclined to supply additional cover to these moderate Democrats. In private meetings, the nominee appeared to break with Mr. Trump’s recent attacks on the judiciary, calling any such attacks “demoralizing” and “disheartening” while declining to criticize the president directly.
But when one of the Democrats with whom the judge met, Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut, described Judge Gorsuch’s statement, Mr. Trump responded with an attack on Mr. Blumenthal, undercutting the president’s own nominee.
“If there’s a strategy, it’s a very schizophrenic one,” Mr. Blumenthal said in an interview. “If they are seen as trying to have it both ways, it certainly diminishes his supposed independence.”
The Democratic leader in the Senate, Chuck Schumer of New York, has accused Judge Gorsuch of evading even the most basic questions in meetings, likening him to John G. Roberts Jr., now the chief justice, during his early meetings on Capitol Hill.
Mr. Schumer also dismissed Judge Gorsuch’s comments in response to Mr. Trump as insufficient.
“To whisper to a senator but refuse to say anything publicly is not close to a good enough show on independence,” he said from the Senate floor last week. “So from my view, not a good start for Judge Gorsuch. Not a good start.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The Senate confirmed Steven T. Mnuchin, a former Goldman Sachs banker and Hollywood film financier, to be Treasury secretary on Monday, putting in place a key lieutenant to President Trump who will help drive the administration’s plans to overhaul the tax code, renegotiate trade deals around the world and remake financial regulations.
By a vote of 53 to 47, the Senate confirmed Mr. Mnuchin, who was Mr. Trump’s top campaign fund-raiser. During a long debate over Mr. Mnuchin’s credentials, Democrats argued that his experience on Wall Street exemplified corporate malpractice that led to the 2008 financial crisis.
The new Treasury secretary will have little time to celebrate. He will be under pressure to help finalize the Trump administration’s tax plan, accelerate the rollback regulations and raise the government’s borrowing limit. The administration has said it will release a comprehensive plan to rewrite the tax code in the coming weeks, and it will have to deal with the debt ceiling next month.
While Mr. Mnuchin’s financial acumen has been praised by Mr. Trump and Republicans in Congress, Democrats have argued forcefully that he is not up to the job. They have painted him as a symbol of everything that is wrong with corporate America.
“He was part of the cadre of corporate raiders that brought our economy to its knees,” Senator Robert Menendez, Democrat of New Jersey, said on the Senate floor on Monday.
There was also no shortage of name-calling. Senator Ron Wyden, Democrat of Oregon, referred to Mr. Mnuchin at the “foreclosure king.” Senator Tammy Duckworth, Democrat of Illinois, described him as “greedy” and “unethical” while arguing the case against him.
“Whether illegally foreclosing on thousands of families, skirting the law with offshore tax havens or helping design tactics that contributed to the 2008 financial crisis, Steve Mnuchin made a career — and millions of dollars — pioneering increasingly deceptive and predatory ways to rob hardworking Americans of their savings and homes,” Ms. Duckworth said.
At a prickly confirmation hearing before the Senate Finance Committee last month, Mr. Mnuchin was scolded by Democrats for failing to disclose nearly $100 million in assets and for not revealing his role as a director of an investment fund based in the Cayman Islands, a well-known tax haven.
After the hearing, Democrats on the committee accused Mr. Mnuchin of lying for saying that OneWest Bank had not engaged in the controversial foreclosure practice of “robo-signing” when he was its chief executive. The Democrats on the committee twice boycotted a vote on his confirmation, leading Republicans to breach protocol and push Mr. Mnuchin’s vote to the full Senate on their own.
Just one Democrat, Senator of Joe Manchin III of West Virginia, broke with his party and supported Mr. Mnuchin. In a sign of the backlash that Democrats will face for siding with any part of Mr. Trump’s agenda, the Progressive Change Campaign Committee warned that Mr. Manchin’s vote would not go unnoticed.
“We will ensure that Joe Manchin hears from his West Virginia constituents who disapprove of his voting with Wall Street against working families,” the group said in a statement after the vote.
For Republicans, the resistance was chalked up to political theater.
On Monday, Senator Orrin Hatch of Utah, the Republican chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, accused Democrats of making Mr. Mnuchin a political pawn and described their concerns as a stall tactic.
“Under any objective standard, Mr. Mnuchin has ample experience, credentials and qualifications for this important position,” Mr. Hatch said. “My colleagues have done all they can under the rules — even to the point of casting aside some longstanding customs and traditions of the Senate — in order to delay his confirmation.”
While Mr. Mnuchin struggled to show fluency with some aspects of the job during his confirmation hearing, Republicans and Democrats generally agreed that he was well versed on economic issues. He also struck a more moderate tone than Mr. Trump on issues such as trade and dealing with China. And Mr. Mnuchin left some experts dumbfounded after suggesting that “there would be no absolute tax cut for the upper class” — a promise that appears to be at odds with plans presented by Mr. Trump and House Republicans.
Mr. Mnuchin was not the only member of Mr. Trump’s cabinet to be confirmed on Monday night. The Senate also voted in favor of David Shulkin to lead the Department of Veterans Affairs. A holdover from the Obama administration, Dr. Shulkin is currently the department’s under secretary of health and was approved by a unanimous vote.
Mr. Mnuchin was the latest member of Mr. Trump’s cabinet to edge through the confirmation process on a largely party-line vote. Last week, Tom Price was approved as secretary of health and human services and Betsy DeVos narrowly won confirmation to lead the Education Department.
Things could become more complicated on Thursday, however, when Andrew Puzder, Mr. Trump’s choice for labor secretary, faces a committee hearing. Several Republicans on the committee have declined to support Mr. Puzder, a fast-food chain executive who critics say promotes policies that are harmful to workers.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The Justice Department said in a brief filed on Monday that it would continue to defend President Trump’s targeted travel ban in the federal appeals court in San Francisco, which on Thursday refused to reinstate it.
The department did not say whether it would try to appeal that ruling to the Supreme Court. But its silence on the matter suggested that the Trump administration will not pursue an immediate appeal.
The administration had asked a three-judge appeals court panel for prompt action to avert a national security emergency — and was rebuffed last week — after a trial judge had blocked the ban, allowing refugees and visitors from seven Muslim-majority nations into the United States. The Justice Department has moved at a more deliberate pace since its loss last Thursday, an indication that it will not file an emergency application in the Supreme Court.
The administration may have decided that the chances of success at the Supreme Court are poor. For the last year, the court has had just eight members, and a 4-to-4 tie would leave the appeals court ruling in place. It would take five votes to overturn the ruling, and it appears unlikely that any of the court’s four more liberal justices would support the administration’s position.
The Justice Department asked the trial judge, Judge James L. Robart, of the Federal District Court in Seattle, to “postpone any further proceedings” in his court while the appeals court, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, considers whether to rehear the case.
Lawyers for the states of Washington and Minnesota, which are challenging the ban, urged Judge Robart to order the parties to start exchanging information in preparation for trial.
“Given the gravity of the states’ constitutional allegations, defendants’ stated national security concerns, and the public interests at stake, the states respectfully submit that discovery should proceed without delay,” Noah G. Purcell, Washington’s solicitor general, wrote.
At a hearing on Monday afternoon in Seattle, Michelle Bennett, a Justice Department lawyer, urged Judge Robart to halt proceedings in the trial court.
Judge Robart said he was surprised to hear her make that argument, in light of a statement from Mr. Trump after the Ninth Circuit’s ruling. “‘See you in court,’” Judge Robart said, quoting a Twitter post by Mr. Trump, which drew a laugh in the courtroom.
“I’m not prepared to slow this down,” Judge Robart said. “There is a very sensitive time issue.”
Unless the appeals court or the Supreme Court acts, Judge Robart’s Feb. 3 temporary restraining order, which blocked the key provisions of targeted travel ban, will remain in place. The ban, one of the first executive orders Mr. Trump issued after taking office, suspended worldwide refugee entry into the United States. It also suspended travel from seven Muslim-majority nations — Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen — for 90 days.
On Thursday, a three-judge panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, in San Francisco, refused to stay Judge Robart’s order.
On Friday, an unidentified appeals court judge called for a vote on whether the three-judge panel’s ruling should be reheard by a larger panel of the Ninth Circuit. Those briefs are due Thursday.
If a majority of the court’s active judges voted to rehear the case, it would typically be considered by an 11-member panel made up of the circuit’s chief judge and 10 judges chosen at random.
Rehearing motions filed by parties and requests for votes on rehearings requested by judges are not particularly unusual. The Ninth Circuit rehears decisions issued by three-judge panels 15 to 25 times a year, the court said.
The Ninth Circuit has 25 active judges, 18 of whom were appointed by Democratic presidents.
In a separate order, the three-judge panel last Thursday set a schedule for submitting briefs in the underlying appeal. (The question decided on Thursday was whether to stay the trial court order. The question at issue in the new briefs is whether that ruling was correct.) The last of those briefs is due March 29.
Judge Robart, meanwhile, was considering on Monday what should happen in his court in the meantime.
Last Friday, he asked the states and the Justice Department to file briefs on whether there was a need for further proceedings in his court. Ordinarily, after a temporary restraining order is issued, the parties would file additional briefs and perhaps submit evidence on whether to make the order more permanent by entering a preliminary injunction.
Before the Ninth Circuit ruled, Judge Robart ordered the parties to file those briefs starting on Feb. 9 and ending on Feb. 17.
But the Ninth Circuit’s ruling complicated matters by treating the order as a preliminary injunction, suggesting that there was nothing more for Judge Robart to do for now.
Mr. Purcell said that was the right interpretation of the appeals court’s ruling.
“In short, because the Ninth Circuit has construed the Feb. 3 order to grant all the preliminary relief the states would have sought through a motion for a preliminary injunction, no additional briefing or evidence is required in the district court on the propriety of preliminary relief,” Mr. Purcell wrote.
The Justice Department, in a brief signed by Ms. Bennett, did not take a firm position on that question, saying only that “further proceedings in the Ninth Circuit will likely inform whether additional proceedings on a preliminary injunction motion are necessary in the district court.”



ARTICLE
Michael T. Flynn, the national security adviser, resigned on Monday night after it was revealed that he had misled Vice President Mike Pence and other top White House officials about his conversations with the Russian ambassador to the United States.
Mr. Flynn, who served in the job for less than a month, said he had given “incomplete information” regarding a telephone call he had with the ambassador in late December about American sanctions against Russia, weeks before President Trump’s inauguration. Mr. Flynn previously had denied that he had any substantive conversations with Ambassador Sergey I. Kislyak, and Mr. Pence repeated that claim in television interviews as recently as this month.
But on Monday, a former administration official said the Justice Department warned the White House last month that Mr. Flynn had not been fully forthright about his conversations with the ambassador. As a result, the Justice Department feared that Mr. Flynn could be vulnerable to blackmail by Moscow.
In his resignation letter, which the White House emailed to reporters, Mr. Flynn said he had held numerous calls with foreign officials during the transition. “Unfortunately, because of the fast pace of events, I inadvertently briefed the vice president-elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian ambassador,” he wrote. “I have sincerely apologized to the president and the vice president, and they have accepted my apology.”
“I am tendering my resignation, honored to have served our nation and the American people in such a distinguished way,” Mr. Flynn wrote.
The White House said in the statement that it was replacing Mr. Flynn with retired Lt. Gen. Joseph K. Kellogg Jr. of the Army, a Vietnam War veteran, as acting national security adviser.
Mr. Flynn was an early and ardent supporter of Mr. Trump’s candidacy, and in his resignation he sought to praise the president. “In just three weeks,” Mr. Flynn said, the new president “has reoriented American foreign policy in fundamental ways to restore America’s leadership position in the world.”
But in doing so, he inadvertently illustrated the brevity of his tumultuous run at the National Security Council, and the chaos that has gripped the White House in the first weeks of the Trump administration — and created a sense of uncertainty around the world.
Earlier Monday, Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, told reporters that “the president is evaluating the situation” about Mr. Flynn’s future. By Monday evening, Mr. Flynn’s fortunes were rapidly shifting — his resignation came roughly seven hours after Kellyanne Conway, a counselor to the president, said on MSNBC that Mr. Trump had “full confidence” in the retired general.
And when he did step down, it happened so quickly that his resignation does not appear to have been communicated to National Security Council staff members, two of whom said they learned about it from news reports.
Officials said Mr. Pence had told others in the White House that he believed Mr. Flynn lied to him by saying he had not discussed the topic of sanctions on a call with the Russian ambassador in late December. Even the mere discussion of policy — and the apparent attempt to assuage the concerns of an American adversary before Mr. Trump took office — represented a remarkable breach of protocol.
The F.B.I. had been examining Mr. Flynn’s phone calls as he came under growing questions about his interactions with Russian officials and his management of the National Security Council. The blackmail risk envisioned by the Justice Department would have stemmed directly from Mr. Flynn’s attempt to cover his tracks with his bosses. The Russians knew what had been said on the call; thus, if they wanted Mr. Flynn to do something, they could have threatened to expose the lie if he refused.
The Justice Department’s warning to the White House was first reported on Monday night by The Washington Post.
In addition, the Army has been investigating whether Mr. Flynn received money from the Russian government during a trip he took to Moscow in 2015, according to two defense officials. Such a payment might violate the Emoluments Clause of the Constitution, which prohibits former military officers from receiving money from a foreign government without consent from Congress. The defense officials said there was no record that Mr. Flynn, a retired three-star Army general, filed the required paperwork for the trip.
Representative Adam B. Schiff of California, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said in a statement late Monday that Mr. Flynn’s resignation would not close the question of his contact with Russian officials.
“General Flynn’s decision to step down as national security adviser was all but ordained the day he misled the country about his secret talks with the Russian ambassador,” said Mr. Schiff, noting that the matter is still under investigation by the House committee.
Two other Democratic lawmakers — Representative John Conyers Jr. of Michigan and Representative Elijah E. Cummings of Maryland — called for an immediate briefing by the Justice Department and the F.B.I. over the “alarming new disclosures” that Mr. Flynn was a blackmail risk. “We need to know who else within the White House is a current and ongoing risk to our national security,” they said in a statement.
Representative Devin Nunes, Republican of California and the chairman of the House intelligence committee, was supportive of Mr. Flynn until the end. “Washington, D.C., can be a rough town for honorable people, and Flynn — who has always been a soldier, not a politician — deserves America’s gratitude and respect,” Mr. Nunes said in a statement.
The White House had examined a transcript of a wiretapped conversation that Mr. Flynn had with Mr. Kislyak in December, according to administration officials. Mr. Flynn originally told Mr. Pence and others that the call was limited to small talk and holiday pleasantries.
But the conversation, according to officials who saw the transcript of the wiretap, also included a discussion about sanctions imposed on Russia after intelligence agencies determined that President Vladimir V. Putin’s government tried to interfere with the 2016 election on Mr. Trump’s behalf. Still, current and former administration officials familiar with the call said the transcript was ambiguous enough that Mr. Trump could have justified either firing or retaining Mr. Flynn.
Mr. Trump, however, had become increasingly concerned about the continued fallout over Mr. Flynn’s behavior, according to people familiar with his thinking, and told aides that the media storm around Mr. Flynn would damage the president’s image on national security issues.
Stephen K. Bannon, the president’s chief strategist, asked for Mr. Flynn’s resignation — a move that he has been pushing for since Friday, when it became clear that the national security adviser had misled Mr. Pence.
Around 8:20 p.m. Monday, a sullen Mr. Flynn was seen in the Oval Office, just as preparations were being made for the swearing-in of newly confirmed Treasury Secretary Steven T. Mnuchin. Soon after, Mr. Flynn’s resignation letter started making the rounds.
Administration officials said it was unlikely that Mr. Kellogg would be asked to stay on as Mr. Flynn’s permanent replacement. Mr. Flynn brought Mr. Kellogg into the Trump campaign, according to a former campaign adviser, and the two have remained close. K. T. McFarland, the deputy national security adviser who also was brought on by Mr. Flynn, is expected to leave that role, a senior official said.
One person close to the administration, who was not authorized to discuss the personnel moves and spoke on the condition of anonymity, said that retired Vice Admiral Robert S. Harward is the leading candidate to replace Mr. Flynn, although Mr. Kellogg and David H. Petraeus are being discussed. It was not clear whether Mr. Petraeus is still expected to appear at the White House this week, as initially discussed by advisers to the president.
Mr. Flynn’s concealment of the call’s content, combined with questions about his management of his agency and reports of a demoralized staff, put him in a precarious position less than a month into Mr. Trump’s presidency.
Few members of Mr. Trump’s team were more skeptical of Mr. Flynn than the vice president, numerous administration officials said. Mr. Pence, who used the false information provided by Mr. Flynn to defend him in a series of television appearances, was incensed at Mr. Flynn’s lack of contrition for repeatedly embarrassing him by withholding the information, according to three administration officials familiar with the situation.
Mr. Flynn and Mr. Pence spoke twice in the past few days about the matter, but administration officials said that rather than fully apologize and accept responsibility, the national security adviser blamed his faulty memory — which irked the typically slow-to-anger Mr. Pence.
The slight was compounded by an episode late last year when Mr. Pence went on television to deny that Mr. Flynn’s son, who had posted conspiracy theories about Hillary Clinton on social media, had been given a security clearance by the transition team. The younger Mr. Flynn had, indeed, been given such a clearance, even though his father had told Mr. Pence’s team that he had not.
Officials said classified information did not appear to have been discussed during the conversation between Mr. Flynn and the ambassador, which would have been a crime. The call was captured on a routine wiretap of diplomats’ calls, the officials said.
But current Trump administration officials and former Obama administration officials said that Mr. Flynn did appear to be reassuring the ambassador that Mr. Trump would adopt a more accommodating tone on Russia once in office.
Former and current administration officials said that Mr. Flynn urged Russia not to retaliate against any sanctions because an overreaction would make any future cooperation more complicated. He never explicitly promised sanctions relief, one former official said, but he appeared to leave the impression that it would be possible.
During his 2015 trip to Moscow, Mr. Flynn was paid to attend the anniversary celebration of Russia Today, a television network controlled by the Kremlin. At the banquet, he sat next to Mr. Putin.
Mr. Flynn had notified the Defense Intelligence Agency, which he once led, that he was taking the trip. He received a security briefing from agency officials before he left, which is customary for former top agency officials when they travel overseas.
Still, some senior agency officials were surprised when footage of the banquet appeared on RT, and believed that Mr. Flynn should have been more forthcoming with the agency about the nature of his trip to Russia.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump and his top aides coordinated their response to North Korea’s missile test on Saturday night in full view of diners at Mr. Trump’s Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida — a remarkable public display of presidential activity that is almost always conducted in highly secure settings.
The scene — of aides huddled over their computers and the president on his cellphone at his club’s terrace — was captured by a club member dining not far away and published in pictures on his Facebook account. The images also show Mr. Trump conferring with his guest at the resort, Shinzo Abe, the Japanese prime minister.
Shortly before the club member, Richard DeAgazio, who joined Mr. Trump’s club recently, took the pictures, North Korea test-fired a ballistic missile into the sea off its eastern coast. Mr. DeAgazio posted his photographs to Facebook as the two leaders and their staff members reviewed documents and worked on their laptops, using cellphones as flashlights.
“HOLY MOLY !!! It was fascinating to watch the flurry of activity at dinner when the news came that North Korea had launched a missile in the direction of Japan,” Mr. DeAgazio wrote later on Facebook, describing how the two leaders “conferred and then went into another room for hastily arranged press conference.”
“Wow.....the center of the action!!!” Mr. DeAgazio wrote in the post. The scene at Mar-a-Lago was first reported by CNN. Mr. DeAgazio did not respond to a call seeking comment.
The fact that the national security incident played out in public view drew swift condemnation from Democrats, who said it was irresponsible for Mr. Trump not to have moved his discussion to a more private location.
“There’s no excuse for letting an international crisis play out in front of a bunch of country club members like dinner theater,” Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, the Democratic leader in the House, wrote on Twitter.
Senators Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island and Tom Udall of New Mexico, Democrats who have called for Mr. Trump’s club to release a list of its members, denounced the president on Monday for discussing the North Korean missile launch in the open.
“This is America’s foreign policy, not this week’s episode of ‘Saturday Night Live,’” the senators said in a statement. “We urge our Republican colleagues to start taking this administration’s rash and unprofessional conduct seriously before there are consequences we all regret.”
Republican senators also seemed puzzled by the president’s actions. Senator Marco Rubio, Republican of Florida, said, “Usually that’s not a place where you do that kind of thing.” Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, could barely find words. “Can’t make it up,” he said.
Michael J. Morell, a former acting C.I.A. director under President Barack Obama, said, “Every president with whom I have worked would have gone to a private room to have what was potentially a classified discussion.”
Mr. Trump was at his Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach, Fla. — known casually as the Winter White House — for a get-to-know-you weekend with Mr. Abe, including time with the prime minister on the golf course and dinners with their spouses.
Around 8 p.m. on Saturday, the two leaders appeared for a brief photo-op together at the main entrance to the resort. Mr. Trump ignored a shouted question from a reporter about the North Korean missile test, which had occurred about an hour earlier.
The president and his guests dined at the resort’s restaurant during the next two hours, eventually providing the flurry of national security activity that Mr. DeAgazio captured.
Around 10:30 p.m., Mr. Trump and Mr. Abe made short statements to a small group of reporters brought to a separate room in the resort.
Sean Spicer, the president’s press secretary, told reporters at the White House that Mr. Trump and Mr. Abe had not reviewed classified material on the resort’s patio.
Mr. Spicer said the president was briefed about North Korea in a secure location on the property. It is against the law for officials to be handling classified materials in a nonsecure setting.
Mr. Spicer said Mr. Trump and his aides were reviewing “news conference logistics” about the North Korean missile test.
But national security veterans of past administrations still expressed surprise that Mr. Trump and his staff would not have excused themselves to be able to have candid conversations about the North Korean situation and to review sensitive or classified documents.
Discussions about how to respond to international incidents involving adversaries like North Korea are almost always conducted in places that have high-tech protections against eavesdropping, like the White House Situation Room.
When presidents are away from the White House, they often conduct important business in a Sensitive Compartmented Information Facility, or SCIF, a location that can be made temporarily impervious to eavesdropping.
Such facilities can be installed permanently in places that the president visits frequently, like Mar-a-Lago. And a communications team travels with the president wherever he goes to ensure that he can communicate securely regardless of where he is.
There are examples from the previous administration. In 2011, the White House released a photograph of Mr. Obama and members of his national security team sitting in a secure tent while on a trip to Brazil. Mr. Obama had begun attacks on Libya and was conferring about the military operation.
Two years later, Mr. Obama held a dinner with President Xi Jinping of China at the Sunnylands resort in Rancho Mirage, Calif. But the dinner between the leaders was out of sight of members of the public, in a private dining room.
Mr. Trump and White House aides who joined him and Mr. Abe for dinner on Saturday, including Stephen K. Bannon, the president’s chief strategist, did not relocate the discussion to a secure location.
Mr. Trump appears to enjoy presenting the spectacle of his presidency to those at his privately held club, where members pay $200,000 to join.
While the club is not open to the public, Mr. Trump’s dinner with Mr. Abe was in the club’s dining room, where members and their guests were likely to be.
Individual club members can invite guests, submitting a list of names of table guests to security officials ahead of time. But none of that would give them clearance to see sensitive or classified material handled by the president or his aides.
In addition to posting the pictures of the North Korea conversation, Mr. DeAgazio also published pictures of himself standing with a person he described as Mr. Trump’s military aide responsible for carrying the nuclear “football” — the briefcase that contains codes for launching nuclear weapons.
After news reports were published about Mr. DeAgazio’s Facebook account, the account was deleted, along with the photographs.
Representatives of the Mar-a-Lago resort did not respond to requests for comment about Mr. DeAgazio’s use of social media to post photographs of the president.



ARTICLE
It seemed harmless enough.
In a tweet celebrating the Feb. 12 birthday of Abraham Lincoln, the Republican National Committee attributed a short quote to the 16th U.S. president. It was an uncontroversial maxim, if ever there was one.
“And in the end, it’s not the years in your life that count,” it said. “It’s the life in your years.”
There is no documentation of Lincoln uttering these words, according to James Cornelius, curator of the Lincoln Collection at the Abraham Lincoln Presidential Library and Museum.
The committee’s tweet was taken down on Monday morning. But in a political atmosphere buzzing with acrimonious debates over fake news and alternative facts, the error caused a ruckus. Blowback was swift on social media and in news reports.
Even historians were wringing their hands.
“People search for relevance, but they look to the wrong sources,” said Harold Holzer, a Lincoln scholar and author who now serves as the Jonathan F. Fanton director at the Roosevelt House Public Policy Institute at Hunter College in Manhattan.
“Fake Lincoln is just as bad as fake news, because this is American scripture,” he said. “So it’s worth examining and worth applying.”
To err, as someone said, is human — especially on social media. Verification often falls by the wayside when quotations are neatly packaged into inspirational memes or shareable image files. Mistaken attributions can be copied and reposted with the click of a button.
And mistakes spread like wildfire. The false Lincoln quote was immediately picked up by President Trump, who posted the image to his Instagram account.
The R.N.C. did not respond immediately to requests for comment.
So who actually made the first comment about years in one’s life versus life in one’s years, if it wasn’t President Lincoln? It’s hard to say for sure.
Garson O’Toole, the author of “Hemingway Didn’t Say That: The Truth Behind Familiar Quotations,” wrote on his website Quote Investigator that the quote can probably (though not definitively) be traced to a man named Edward J. Stieglitz. An advertisement for Mr. Stieglitz’s book, “The Second Forty Years,” contained the phrase:
That was back in 1947. Since then, those words have been borrowed by, and attributed to, a variety of sources, including the American politician Adlai Stevenson II, the actress and singer Mae West, and now, Honest Abe, Mr. O’Toole found.
This is far from the first time politicians have misattributed words to the 16th U.S. president. Ronald Reagan did the same during a 1992 convention speech when he described this passage as “so eloquently stated by Abraham Lincoln”:
In fact, those words came from Rev. William John Henry Boetcker, a religious leader in the early 1900s whose conservative, individualist philosophies were in line with Reagan’s worldview.
The Lincoln gaffe wasn’t the only error to plague Republican Party circles this weekend. The Hill reported on Sunday that an inauguration print featuring a quote from President Trump, on offer at the Library of Congress website, was taken offline after the site’s visitors pointed out a grammatical error — the text used “to” where it should have used “too.”
The Department of Education also came under fire for misspelling the name of W.E.B. Du Bois in tweet on Sunday, just days after the fiercely fought confirmation of Mr. Trump’s pick for education secretary, Betsy DeVos.
The department quickly corrected its error in a new tweet on Sunday morning — though the incorrect one was still posted — and offered “deepest apologies,” though it erred once again when it originally wrote “deepest apologizes.”



ARTICLE
PEWAUKEE, Wis. — Michelle Roelandts had a question for her congressman: If the Affordable Care Act and its premium subsidies were repealed, what would happen when her daughter turns 26 this year and needs to get her own health insurance while attending law school?
Representative Jim Sensenbrenner, a durable Wisconsin Republican who has served in the House since 1979, had little to offer in response. “If I could give you an answer today, I would, but I can’t,” Mr. Sensenbrenner said at a town-hall-style meeting on Saturday, where about 70 people packed a room at the Pewaukee Public Library.
Ms. Roelandts’s question and others like it are being asked with increasing anger and urgency across the country, and Republicans have found themselves on the defensive — for all their fury aimed at repealing the law, so far they have not agreed on an alternative.
Soon after, a man yelled to Mr. Sensenbrenner: “How many times did you vote to repeal without knowing what the replacement would be? How many times? Dozens!”
The congressman, who prides himself on his prolific schedule of town-hall-style meetings, banged his gavel and insisted that his rules for civility be obeyed.
While Mr. Sensenbrenner did not face the kind of anger that some of his peers did in recent days, he must answer the same question: Is this resistance a sign of a sustainable organic movement, or one that will soon flame out? And like his colleagues, he is also coming to grips with how much he will be saddled with the combative comments made by President Trump.
Mr. Sensenbrenner, in an interview, attributed the turnout at his gatherings to “organized opposition by people who were on the losing side of the election.”
Facing restive audiences in public meetings is not new, but in the age of social media, an ugly scene in one congressional district can quickly attract widespread attention.
“I’d be lying to you if I told you it was fun,” he said.
In California, Representative Tom McClintock was escorted by police officers after a town-hall-style meeting earlier this month; in Utah, the crowd chanted “Do your job!” at Representative Jason Chaffetz, the chairman of the Oversight Committee. At a meeting last week, House Republicans were advised on security precautions so they would be prepared for protesters at town-hall-style meetings or their district offices.
The questions from voters on display this weekend at a series of town-hall-style meetings in Wisconsin’s Fifth Congressional District, many of which were focused on the future of the health care law, underscored the quandary many lawmakers are facing even in solidly Republican districts.
The imminent problem: Constituents want answers, and without any consensus on how to go about replacing the law, Republicans have little to say.
“It’s kind of like, you know, getting a 30,000-piece jigsaw puzzle for Christmas,” Mr. Sensenbrenner said, “and, you know, cleaning off the dining room table and seeing how long it takes to put all the 30,000 pieces together in the right place. It’s not going to be easy.”
Mr. Sensenbrenner won re-election last year by 37 percentage points. His right-leaning district, which includes suburbs around Milwaukee, voted decisively for Mr. Trump over Hillary Clinton.
At three town-hall-style meetings over the weekend, Mr. Sensenbrenner sat at the front of the room to take questions from people who submitted slips of paper listing their name and address. When he called on people, he read their names and where they live — a practice that makes people “less likely to make fools of themselves,” he said in the interview.
At the meetings, he faced crowds that were adversarial but generally civil, and he fielded questions on a range of issues. At moments when the gatherings grew a bit unruly, he did not hesitate to bang his gavel. Like a frustrated grade-school teacher, he offered some unsolicited advice about comportment.
“This is not a session on who can cheer or boo the loudest,” he said as he began the Pewaukee meeting on Saturday, urging people to “be respectful of opinions that you do not share.”
The tough questioning of Republican lawmakers has been driven partly by concerns over health care, but also by outrage over Mr. Trump’s presidency.
That was true in Wisconsin, too. Mr. Sensenbrenner, who has long worked on immigration issues in Congress, said the executive order on immigration was “completely messed up” and a “train wreck.” And he suggested he would be of little assistance in reining in Mr. Trump.
“Do you think I’m able to control anybody else’s mouth, from the president on down?” he asked.
Repeatedly, the questions Mr. Sensenbrenner faced over the weekend showed the challenge that lawmakers have in explaining the effects of repealing the Affordable Care Act, especially now, when Republicans have yet to coalesce around a replacement plan.
Pressed by one questioner to oppose a replacement for the health care law if that replacement would raise costs for sick people, he explained that “there are winners and losers” when bills are passed.
A woman told him she learned she had skin cancer in 2005, and she asked about coverage for people with pre-existing conditions. Another woman told him that her 97-year-old mother was in a nursing home, and she wondered whether changing Medicaid to give each state a fixed amount of money, called a block grant, could cause her mother to be “put out on the street.”
Leigh Levas, 35, a medical technologist, told him that her 9-year-old daughter had juvenile rheumatoid arthritis.
“I’ve been sending him postcards with her photo, because I think he needs to see the people that it affects,” Ms. Levas said after the Pewaukee meeting.
Mr. Sensenbrenner offered a reassurance that some popular aspects of the health care law would remain: insurers would not be able to deny coverage because of pre-existing conditions, young adults could stay on their parents’ health plan until they are 26, and lifetime limits on coverage would not be allowed. And he acknowledged the stakes of the repeal effort.
“From a political standpoint, we Republicans know that we will own whatever the replacement will be, just as Obama and the Democrats own the A.C.A.,” he told Ms. Roelandts, who asked about health coverage for her daughter. “We got to get it right, and we got to get it right the first time.”
Ms. Roelandts, an accountant, said later that she was not happy with his answer. “I kind of interpret it as they don’t really know what they’re going to do yet,” she said, adding that she was alarmed by the comparison to a 30,000-piece jigsaw puzzle.
“Don’t talk about repealing something until you have valid ideas on the table for replacing it,” she said. “I mean, it’s causing me to literally lose sleep at night.”
Still, Mr. Sensenbrenner was blunt and unapologetic about the Republican push for dismantling President Barack Obama’s signature domestic achievement.
“I won by 146,000 votes,” he said in the interview. “I represent the majority. Now, they’re a vocal minority.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The people who filled the pews of St. John’s Episcopal Church for a private service on the morning of the inauguration were a testament to the ascendancy of the religious right in Donald J. Trump’s Washington: James Dobson, the founder of Focus on the Family; Tony Perkins, the president of the Family Research Council; James Robison, the Christian television preacher.
Right after Mr. Dobson blessed Mike Pence, and just before the congregation sang “Onward, Christian Soldiers,” Mr. Robison took to the pulpit and asked Mr. Trump to rise.
For six minutes, the president-elect stood as Mr. Robison heaped praise on him, extolling his ability to inspire a crowd, his choice of the deeply religious Mr. Pence as a running mate and his wisdom in selecting a White House team that he deemed “the greatest cabinet I’ve ever seen.”
“You are, in fact, an answer to prayer,” Mr. Robison said, according to a video taken from the back of the church, where every president has attended services since it opened in 1816. “I think you have been designed and gifted by God for this moment.”
Mr. Trump, a profane, bombastic, thrice-married New Yorker, may not have been the candidate many religious conservatives prayed would win the White House. But the mutually beneficial arrangement he has nurtured with the Christian right is already starting to nudge the government in a more conservative direction.
The religious right’s influence is evident in the policies the new administration has prioritized in its first weeks, from Mr. Trump’s clampdown on federal funding that could indirectly support abortion to his directive to give persecuted Christians special dispensation to enter the United States. His pick to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court, Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, has written opinions favorable to businesses that have religious objections to government mandates. And the White House has told leaders of the movement that the president will select nominees for the lower courts who are opposed to expanding abortion rights.
A group that has felt shunted aside by the Republican establishment is finding doors open more quickly and willingly than it did even under friendly presidents like Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush.
Mr. Trump has given many conservative Christian leaders his personal cellphone number. He has solicited their advice for filling key positions. He has invited them to the White House. And he has staffed his cabinet with many people of deep Christian faith, like Ben Carson, a Seventh-day Adventist, and Betsy DeVos, who was raised in the Calvinist tradition.
Now that he has the movement’s support, he has good reason to keep its adherents happy. He needs them to preserve his cobbled-together base of voters. And given how few votes put him over the top in the Electoral College — 77,000 total in Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, where socially conservative Republicans are a key constituency — he may indeed owe them the election.
Once doubtful of his commitment to deliver on the promises he made during the campaign, they now count themselves among the converted.
“We’re happy to be wrong,” said Penny Young Nance, the president of Concerned Women for America, who was once among the “anybody but Trump” Republicans but stood alongside him at the White House this month during a meeting of conservative leaders.
“He doesn’t pretend to be a Bible-banging evangelical,” Ms. Nance, an evangelical Christian herself, added. “And we respect that. But he was also very clear about what he was going to do, what positions he was going to take, what he was going to support for the country. And it lined up with what evangelicals wanted.”
This close relationship has consequences not only for how policy will be shaped over the next four years on issues like health care, education and free speech, but also for how the federal courts will decide cases for a generation or more.
What the religious right wanted, perhaps above all else, was the nomination of a solidly conservative judge to the Supreme Court. And Mr. Trump delivered with his selection of Judge Gorsuch, whom he picked from a list of 21 candidates blessed by conservative groups.
Perhaps most important, Mr. Trump has been almost conspicuous in his embrace. Speaking to Pat Robertson before he named his Supreme Court nominee, Mr. Trump insisted, “I think evangelicals, Christians will love my pick.”
Richard Land, a prominent Southern Baptist and a member of Mr. Trump’s evangelical advisory board, said he had been repeatedly asked to provide names of people who would like to join the administration.
“That didn’t happen before,” Mr. Land said in an interview. He described his bemusement to a Christian news outlet last month, saying, “Are we hallucinating, or is this actually happening?”
He invited scores of prominent Christian leaders to his inauguration events and asked them to speak. Cissie Graham Lynch, whose father is Franklin Graham, the evangelist and Trump supporter who offered a prayer from the steps of the Capitol, said she sat there as the president was sworn in and thought to herself, “To hear the name of Jesus Christ proclaimed on that stage — and for people not to be ashamed of it — was a breath of fresh air.”
The Trump administration has moved fast to enact new policies that the religious right considers important, including vowing to “totally destroy” a law known as the Johnson Amendment that restricts the activities of tax-exempt entities like churches in politics.
Mr. Trump’s cabinet is filled with deeply religious people who hold conservative views on religion, morality and social policy.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions, a Methodist, has questioned the wisdom of separating church and state.
Tom Price, the new health and human services secretary, helped lead an effort in Congress to repeal the federal mandate that insurers cover birth control, on the ground that it violates religious freedom.
Mr. Carson, the nominee for secretary of housing and urban development, once said he doubted the validity of the Big Bang theory.
Andrew F. Puzder, the labor secretary nominee, was an early architect of the legal effort to pass laws stating that life begins at conception.
Among the Trump inner circle, Mr. Pence and Kellyanne Conway, the counselor to the president, were known to the movement for their strong opposition to abortion and for other stances in culture war battles long before they were household names. In a first for a White House, Mr. Trump sent them both to address the annual march in Washington by abortion opponents.
Mr. Perkins, the Family Research Council president, who was at the White House for the announcement of Judge Gorsuch’s nomination, said Mr. Trump had first reached out to him when he was considering challenging President Barack Obama. Then, in early 2016, after Mr. Perkins had aligned himself with many other evangelical leaders to back Senator Ted Cruz’s presidential campaign, he received another call from Mr. Trump asking him to pay a visit.
Inside Mr. Trump’s office in Trump Tower, Mr. Perkins said, “I sat there for 20 minutes and explained to him what an evangelical is and what they believe and what they are looking for.” Mr. Trump, not usually one to sit still for very long, listened intently, Mr. Perkins added.
Mr. Perkins was invited to say a prayer at a private reception at Union Station in Washington on the night of the inauguration. Based on other encounters with politicians, he expected to have to submit his remarks in advance. But the only limit he was given from the administration was one on time. “They said, ‘You have five minutes,’” he said.
Though Mr. Trump’s elevation to champion of religious conservatives may seem incongruous, his followers understand the phenomenon well. Reagan, after all, was also divorced, once supported abortion rights and saw no problem with his wife’s inviting an astrologer to the White House.
“You don’t need to be one of us to get our vote,” said J. Hogan Gidley, a Republican strategist who has worked for the presidential candidates Mike Huckabee and Rick Santorum, both of whom are deeply religious. “Donald Trump didn’t walk around pretending to be this paragon of Christian virtue. What he did was say he’d protect your right to be one.”
Mr. Robison, the televangelist who was among those who spoke at St. John’s, spoke later that day to a crowd gathered for the Faith, Freedom and Future inaugural ball. He told a story of how he had called Mr. Trump’s cellphone just to see if he would still pick up after he had won the election.
Mr. Trump, he said, answered.



ARTICLE
■ Mr. Trump’s nominee to be Treasury secretary, Steven T. Mnuchin, is very likely to be confirmed by the Senate on Monday night.
By the looks of his Facebook feed, Richard DeAgazio is a big fan of President Trump’s. Witness his Facebook feed on anti-immigrant protests in Italy, courtesy of the Russian propaganda network RT, the photo of Bill Clinton with a woman that he spuriously identifies as the former president’s new girlfriend, and a caricature of Barack Obama in a sombrero.
But Mr. DeAgazio did the current president no favors with his fanboy posts from Mar-a-Lago this weekend in a public dining room as the prime minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe, and the president of the United States scrambled to respond to a North Korean ballistic missile test.
It was a remarkable display on Mr. Trump’s part of a lack of concern for prying eyes and security awareness.
But hey, Mr. DeAgazio also posed with the service member who carries the nuclear launch codes for the president.
Mr. DeAgazio’s Facebook page is no longer publicly accessible.
Numerically, there may not have been many of them, but voters who sided with Barack Obama in 2012 and Donald J. Trump in 2016 most likely delivered the White House to President Trump, with his narrow wins in Wisconsin, Michigan and Florida.
Democrats want them back.
In polling and focus groups in those three states, the Democratic “super PAC,” Priorities USA, says it has reason to believe the elusive Obama-Trump voter can be brought back into the Democratic fold, according to a Priorities USA strategy memo to be released Monday afternoon. Half of the Obama-Trump voters they reached confessed to mixed feelings about their 2016 vote, and only 35 percent of those “soft Trump voters” have confidence that Mr. Trump will do a good job as president.
That is especially true for women who voted for Mr. Obama and Mr. Trump and did not have a college degree.
Another group under a microscope are people who voted in 2012 but did not bother last November. Such drop-off voters described themselves as surprised by the outcome of the election and “extremely unhappy” about the results, the memo says.
The good news for Democrats: Both groups are leery of tax and social welfare policies that favor the wealthy over the struggling middle class.
The bad news: Reaching them won’t be easy. They get their information from their own sources like Facebook, Twitter, Reddit and other online outlets that are notoriously wrong.
Canada’s prime minister, Justin Trudeau, was born into politics, the son of another Canadian leader, Pierre Trudeau.
So when he came to the White House to break the ice with President Trump, he knew just the gift to warm the new president’s heart: a picture of himself.
“He gave me a picture of myself and your father, and what a great picture. I will keep that in a very special place,” Mr. Trump said, meaning, presumably, a picture of “his father.”
Last year, the billionaire investor Carl C. Icahn waged an all-out battle with the Environmental Protection Agency, complaining that regulations were strangling the oil industry. Now, as Mr. Trump’s special adviser on overhauling regulation, Mr. Icahn has the ear of the president and a front-row seat as the administration rewrites regulation.
This has some Democratic senators worried. On Monday, Senator Sheldon Whitehouse, Democrat of Rhode Island, and six other Senate Democrats will send a letter to the White House counsel, Donald F. McGahn II, seeking responses to a series of questions related to Mr. Icahn’s official role. The senators will raise concerns that Mr. Icahn will work to change regulations to benefit his own investments. They are also seeking assurances that safeguards have been put in place to ensure that Mr. Icahn does not have access to information that is not public that could be used to make profitable trades.
The letter, a copy of which was reviewed by The New York Times, comes days before the Senate is expected to take up the nomination of Scott Pruitt, Mr. Trump’s candidate to head the E.P.A.
Icahn Enterprises, Mr. Icahn’s firm, has large investments in companies that are affected by E.P.A. regulations, which he has described as stifling. But it is his majority investment in CVR Energy, an oil refiner, that is of biggest concern to the senators. CVR is required by the E.P.A. to blend its oil or buy credits, something Mr. Icahn has called “completely, totally absurd.” He has blamed the E.P.A. for the bankruptcies of several oil refineries in the United States.
An activist investor and outsider for most of his career, Mr. Icahn staked his career on attacking the chieftains of intransigent companies and regulators. The caustic approach often resulted in victory, a strategy that earned him accolades from Mr. Trump as a “brilliant negotiator.” Mr. Icahn was one of Mr. Trump’s most vocal supporters and a donor during the campaign. During the transition, he weighed in on candidates like Mr. Mnuchin for Treasury secretary and Mr. Pruitt, who has also been vocal in his criticism of E.P.A. regulation.
At the time of his appointment, the transition team said Mr. Icahn, 80, would not serve as a federal employee and would not have specific duties. Since the election in November, CVR’s stock has gained 69 percent, rallying to $21.58 a share.
As virtually anyone in the United States — and much of the world — knows, the new president of the United States is fond of communicating via Twitter, and he wanted his audience to understand on Sunday that he is much loved in Florida.
He did beat Hillary Clinton in the Sunshine State, and crushed his Republican primary race opponents.
Perhaps not quite as famous on Twitter — but pretty famous, anyway — is the @_FloridaMan, who uses his Twitter feed to share the highlights — and mainly lowlights — of the denizens of the state. And Florida Man shared some probably selective photographs of those enthusiastic South Florida crowds, including one photograph with a sign that read, “Resist Resist Resist.”
Twitter is a double-edged communications sword.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — A longtime friend of President Trump’s who met with him this weekend in Florida issued a public rebuke of the president’s chief of staff on Sunday, blaming him for the botched rollout of Mr. Trump’s targeted travel ban and saying the early chaos in the White House may not ease until he departs.
The friend, Christopher Ruddy, the chief executive of Newsmax Media, said in an interview that Reince Priebus was well meaning and well liked. But he said Mr. Priebus was in over his head, and he hinted that Mr. Trump may already be growing weary of the man he chose to run the White House.
“He doesn’t waste a lot of time,” Mr. Ruddy said of the president. “If he thinks somebody is not performing, he moves pretty quickly.”
The remarks by Mr. Ruddy, made in one of several interviews he gave to news outlets on Sunday, underscored the tensions inside the West Wing as members of the president’s senior staff jockey for power and influence.
Mr. Ruddy said he spent 30 minutes with the president on Friday night after Mr. Trump’s dinner with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan at Mar-a-Lago, the Trump resort in Palm Beach, Fla., of which Mr. Ruddy is a member.
“I do think it was botched,” Mr. Ruddy said of the executive order on immigration, which caused confusion at airports as officials struggled to interpret it and which has been halted by the courts. He said the fallout had obscured lobbying restrictions imposed by Mr. Trump on executive branch employees after they leave the administration.
“Nobody talks about that,” Mr. Ruddy said. “It’s a very popular position Trump took. But nobody’s talking about that because they got caught in this quagmire.”
Sarah Huckabee Sanders, the deputy communications director for the White House, defended the chief of staff, saying: “The president has made unbelievable progress in just his first 21 days, bringing back jobs, saving taxpayers money and securing the nation. Reince has successfully led the team that has implemented President Trump’s agenda.”
A senior administration official, who was not authorized to respond publicly to Mr. Ruddy and spoke on the condition of anonymity, questioned the relevance of the news executive’s opinion about Mr. Priebus. “This sounds like somebody with an ax to grind who has no real access to the president,” the official said Sunday evening.
Mr. Ruddy is not one of Mr. Trump’s closest friends and is not in the circle of political advisers that the president has installed in the White House. But he has known Mr. Trump for many years and spoke with him often during the transition period.
After an interview on CNN on Sunday morning, Mr. Ruddy said, Mr. Priebus called him and asked that he “keep an open mind” in the days ahead.
“He gave me a briefing on all the things they are doing to improve and streamline communications,” Mr. Ruddy said, though he declined to give details. “He asked me if I would keep an open mind as they make progress. I said, ‘Absolutely.’”
Mr. Ruddy said that he had told Mr. Priebus that he would not take back his criticism. But he said they had agreed to “meet up and have dinner in the near future.”
Despite his prominent role at the White House, Mr. Priebus is not a longtime confidant of the president’s. As chairman of the Republican National Committee, he remained neutral through the primary race and became an enthusiastic backer of Mr. Trump in the general election.
During the transition, Mr. Trump named Mr. Priebus chief of staff, but announced the choice in the same news release in which he named Stephen K. Bannon, the former head of Breitbart News, as his chief strategist. Mr. Bannon received top billing in the announcement.
Mr. Priebus provided Mr. Trump with a semblance of order as he entered the White House as a first-time elected official, serving as a bridge to the Republican congressional leadership and hiring veteran officials to help the president. But he has faced nearly constant criticism from some of his colleagues and from people outside the West Wing.
Since Inauguration Day, Mr. Trump has moved quickly to issue a series of executive actions and make good on his campaign promises. But the first three weeks of his term have been marred by controversies over the travel ban, his insults of judges and others on Twitter, ethical charges revolving around Trump businesses, and reports of infighting among White House staff members.
Mr. Ruddy declined to say whether he had discussed Mr. Priebus with Mr. Trump on Friday, or whether he thought the president was inclined to make a change.
“It’s really the president’s decision, if he were ever to make that,” Mr. Ruddy said. “It’s his alone. I think you are going to see results in the next 60 days. That’s a critical time.”



ARTICLE
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. — The morning after North Korea launched a ballistic missile into the sea, apparently to test President Trump’s resolve in his first days in office, the new commander in chief wanted to make one thing very clear to the world: Mark Cuban, the billionaire Dallas Mavericks owner, was not smart enough to have his job.
“I know Mark Cuban well,” Mr. Trump said Sunday morning on Twitter, where he has 24.7 million followers and has found an even more prominent megaphone since he became president. “He backed me big-time but I wasn’t interested in taking all of his calls. He’s not smart enough to run for president!”
It was not clear what provoked the insult, although Mr. Cuban has recently been publicly critical of Mr. Trump. The president might have been reacting to a report on Sunday in The New York Post that White House aides view Mr. Cuban as a potential campaign rival in 2020, or to comments Mr. Cuban made to The Fort Worth Star-Telegram on Friday warning corporate executives to be careful in their dealings with Mr. Trump.
But Mr. Trump’s put-down was only one in a long list of squabbles that the president has engaged in over the past week with individuals or groups that have aggrieved him. It offered a reminder three weeks into his tenure that even as he faces weighty problems, he is often preoccupied with the narrowest of gripes.
He swiped at Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, for criticizing the counterterrorism raid in Yemen that resulted in the death of a Navy SEAL. The raid has provoked anger in Yemen, where the government requested a review of the operation.
Mr. Trump said Mr. McCain’s critique “only emboldens the enemy,” and in a pair of postings on Twitter, he said that the senator, who is the chairman of the Armed Services Committee and was taken prisoner during the Vietnam War, has “been losing for so long he doesn’t know how to win anymore.”
The same day, the president took on Senator Richard Blumenthal, Democrat of Connecticut, for revealing that Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, Mr. Trump’s Supreme Court nominee, had called Mr. Trump’s attacks on judges “demoralizing” and “disheartening.” The comment was confirmed by aides who are shepherding Judge Gorsuch’s nomination, but Mr. Trump quickly branded Mr. Blumenthal a liar.
“Ask Senator Blumenthal about his Vietnam record that didn’t exist after years of saying it did,” Mr. Trump told reporters at the White House, referring to false statements that Mr. Blumenthal admitted to in 2010, after they were revealed.
Mr. Trump’s swing at Mr. Blumenthal was itself a function of yet another feud he has pursued, often in incendiary tones, against the judicial branch as it weighs the legality of his executive order banning travelers from seven predominantly Muslim countries.
It began this month when he called the Seattle judge who had blocked the directive a “so-called judge” who had made a “ridiculous” decision. He ratcheted up the insults during a speech to law enforcement officials from around the country, calling a hearing by a three-judge appeals court panel to review the stay “disgraceful” and comparing the intellect of the judges unfavorably with a poor student in high school.
And the president used Twitter twice last week to defend his daughter Ivanka, first targeting the department store chain Nordstrom — which had stopped carrying the apparel line bearing her name because of poor sales — for treating her “so unfairly.” Days later, Mr. Trump blamed journalists in a posting in which he expressed pride in Ms. Trump, whom he said had been “abused and treated so badly by the media.”
The White House is unapologetic about Mr. Trump’s outspoken style, even when it crosses the traditional lines observed by presidents of both parties, who have tended to avoid individual attacks on sitting senators, judges or individual companies, given the powers of the office. That Mr. Trump is willing, and even eager, to ignore those conventions, his aides say, is one reason his supporters adore him.
“Part of the reason the president got elected is because he speaks his mind,” Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said last week, questioned about Mr. Trump’s harsh words about members of the judicial branch. “He doesn’t hold it back, he’s authentic and he’s not going to sit back, I think, when he feels very passionately about something.”
Personal complaints and grievances have always weighed on, and sometimes motivated, American presidents in powerful ways, none more than Richard M. Nixon and Lyndon B. Johnson, said Matthew Dallek, a political historian.
“If you go back and listen to the tapes, they would talk privately with members of Congress or their staffs, and Nixon would say some pretty crazy things — about Jews, about people in the media who were out to get him — some of it was very petty, personal stuff,” Mr. Dallek said. “What is unusual is that President Trump is doing this publicly and it’s a near-daily occurrence, it’s multiple times a week.”
His habit of picking public fights is likely to appeal to the roughly 40 percent of voters who support Mr. Trump, but it may repel others whose backing he will need to govern effectively and, ultimately, to win re-election.
“It brings respect for the institution of the presidency way down, and it also plays into the narrative of all the millions of Americans who don’t see him as legitimate, because he’s using the power of the office now to attack individual citizens,” Mr. Dallek said.
In a post on Twitter responding to Mr. Trump’s insult on Sunday, Mr. Cuban shared a letter he had written to the president during his campaign last year, in which he advised Mr. Trump to drill down on policy specifics instead of improvising.
“I get that a big part of your base doesn’t care about issue details,” Mr. Cuban wrote to Mr. Trump, “but to be president, to be this close, you have to dig in and know your” facts.
Mr. Cuban’s initial response to the president’s sudden broadside was more concise: “Lol.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — After denouncing the Affordable Care Act as an abomination for seven years, Republicans in Congress, working with the Trump administration, are urgently seeking ways to shore up health insurance marketplaces created by the law.
While President Trump said as a candidate that “Obamacare is certain to collapse of its own weight,” Republicans fear such an outcome because, now that the fate of the health law is in their hands, they could be blamed by consumers and Democrats.
The administration is poised to issue a proposed regulation to try to stabilize insurance markets, and House Republicans are drafting legislation with a similar purpose. The regulation and the bills are intended to hold down insurance premiums and to lure insurers back into the public marketplaces from which they have withdrawn in the past couple of years.
The Republican proposals address concerns that insurers have been expressing for several years, among them what they call costly abuse of special enrollment periods. But markets could still be undermined, insurers say, if Congress simultaneously repeals the health law’s requirement for most Americans to have coverage.
That requirement, known as the individual mandate, is one of the more unpopular features of the law, signed in 2010 by President Barack Obama. But insurance companies like it because it requires people to buy their product, bringing in healthy people who pay premiums and do not use much care.
Analyzing the Republican strategy, Joel L. Michaels, a health lawyer at the firm McDermott Will & Emery, said there was “a tension” between efforts to repeal the health law and shore up its insurance marketplaces, where more than 10 million people obtained coverage last year.
“A political agenda premised on the Affordable Care Act being unworkable could conflict with efforts to support the A.C.A. exchanges, even on an interim basis,” Mr. Michaels said. “How far do you go with short-term fixes, which could make the law work better in the long term? It’s a delicate political dance.”
Insurers are seeking immediate governmental action because they must decide by early May what kinds of health plans they will offer on the exchanges in 2018.
The proposed rule drafted by the Trump administration and one of the bills drafted by House Republicans would make it more difficult for consumers to obtain insurance outside the annual open enrollment period. Consumers would have to provide documents to show they were eligible for a special enrollment period. Under existing rules, people can sign up after the deadline if they experience certain “life changes” like having a baby, getting married, losing employer-sponsored insurance or moving to a new state.
But insurers say that some consumers have misused these special enrollment periods, signing up when they became sick and dropping coverage after they received the care they needed.
Insurers say people who sign up in a special enrollment period use up to 50 percent more services than those who sign up in the standard enrollment season.
In documents provided to the White House at a meeting last week, Blue Cross and Blue Shield executives said federal officials should limit the number of special enrollment periods and “require all individuals to show proof of eligibility before coverage starts” — an idea endorsed by several governors.
Gov. Bill Haslam of Tennessee, a Republican, said that “special enrollment periods are an absolute necessity for individuals who experience a change in life circumstance.” But, he said, they have been “so broadly defined that they are almost akin to a permanent open enrollment period, allowing individuals to access health insurance benefits only when health care is an immediate necessity.”
Judith Solomon, a vice president at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, a liberal-leaning research and advocacy group, said she had not seen convincing evidence of abuse.
Moreover, she said, the documentation requirements “will decrease enrollment, for sure, and will disproportionately deter younger and healthier people” from trying to sign up.
Under another Republican proposal, it would be easier for insurers to terminate coverage for people who fail to pay their premiums. The Affordable Care Act says insurers generally must allow a three-month grace period before ending coverage for people who receive federal subsidies to help pay premiums.
About 85 percent of people who obtain insurance through the Affordable Care Act’s marketplaces receive such subsidies, and the three-month grace period is longer than that typically required by state laws.
Under a bill introduced last month by Representative Bill Flores, Republican of Texas, the federal government would recognize any grace period set by state law, and if a state did not have a law, the grace period would be one month.
Several governors, including Brian Sandoval of Nevada and Gary R. Herbert of Utah, both Republicans, endorsed this change. “Reducing the grace period from 90 days to 30 days, which is standard industry practice for most other insurance products, would assist in stabilizing the individual market,” Mr. Herbert said.
Republicans in Congress are also warming to the idea of continuing payments to insurance companies to help cover the out-of-pocket costs for people with low incomes.
House Republicans filed suit against the Obama administration to stop these payments, saying Congress never appropriated money for them, and a federal district judge ruled for the lawmakers in May.
The payments reimburse insurers for certain discounts they are required to provide to low-income people, and without the payments, which are expected to total $9 billion this year, insurers say they would drop out of the market or sharply increase premiums.
Representative Mark Meadows, a conservative Republican from North Carolina and a fierce critic of the health care law, said he wanted to avoid disrupting coverage for consumers while Republicans repeal the law and devise a replacement.
“As long as we have a real repeal and replacement strategy,” Mr. Meadows said, he might accept a temporary continuation of the cost-sharing subsidies.
“I would be more flexible and could swallow some short-term heartburn for longer-term fiscal responsibility and lower health care costs for the people I represent,” he said.
Senator Lamar Alexander, Republican of Tennessee and the chairman of the Senate health committee, said he, too, was willing to allow a “temporary continuation of cost-sharing subsidies for deductibles and co-payments.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — House Republican leaders on Thursday presented their rank-and-file members with the outlines of their plan to replace the Affordable Care Act, leaning heavily on tax credits to finance individual insurance purchases and sharply reducing federal payments to the 31 states that have expanded Medicaid eligibility.
Speaker Paul D. Ryan and two House committee chairmen stood with the new secretary of health and human services, former Representative Tom Price of Georgia, preparing Republican lawmakers for a weeklong Presidents’ Day recess that promises to be dominated by angry or anxious questions about the fate of the health law.
But the talking points they provided did not say how the legislation would be paid for, essentially laying out the benefits without the more controversial costs.
It also included no estimates of the number of people who would gain or lose insurance under the plan, nor did it include comparisons with the Affordable Care Act, which has extended coverage to 20 million people.
With the House proposal’s rollback of Medicaid payments to the states, it appears likely that the number covered would be smaller.
House Republican leaders asserted in a document describing their plan that they would not “pull the rug out from anyone who received care under states’ Medicaid expansions.”
But Kenneth E. Raske, the president of the Greater New York Hospital Association, expressed alarm, saying the proposals would “put a huge amount of pressure on state budgets and put many Americans at risk of losing health care coverage.”
Sketchy as the outline was, it envisions major changes.
It would fundamentally remake Medicaid, a Great Society program that provides health care to more than 70 million Americans, not just the poor, but also middle-class people who have run out of money and need nursing home care. Under the plan, Medicaid, an open-ended entitlement program designed to cover all health care needs, would be put on a budget.
The Affordable Care Act’s subsidies, which expand as incomes decline, giving the poorer people more help, would be replaced by fixed tax credits to help people purchase insurance policies. The tax credits would increase with a person’s age, but would not vary with a person’s income.
And new incentives for consumers to establish savings accounts to pay medical expenses still assume that workers would have money at the end of a pay period to sock away.
The House Republican plan would also make it easier for consumers to buy health insurance from companies licensed in other states, an idea long promoted by Republicans in Congress and championed by President Trump in his campaign last year.
After the recess, Mr. Ryan said: “We intend to introduce legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare. It has become increasingly clear that this law is collapsing. People’s premiums are getting higher and higher. Their deductibles are soaring, and their choices are dwindling.”
Mr. Price told House Republicans that Mr. Trump “is all in on this.”
Mr. Ryan’s presentation on Thursday was meant to generate a sense of momentum for the Republicans’ campaign to eviscerate President Barack Obama’s health care law — a campaign that has been plagued by apprehensions, doubts and divisions among Republicans in the last few weeks.
It was not clear whether the plan as outlined would get Republicans much closer to resolution. Senator Lamar Alexander of Tennessee, chairman of the Senate health committee, said that he and other Senate committee chairmen were working with their House counterparts, with the goal of developing a “consensus document.” The House, he said, will probably act first but “will have the input of senators and the president.”
House conservatives are saying that any plan must begin with a full repeal of the Affordable Care Act and a replacement that looks nothing like it. Representative Mark Meadows, Republican of North Carolina and the chairman of the hard-line Freedom Caucus, said Republicans needed to talk about replacement measures “in specific terms, not in aspirational terms.”
“We believe that it’s time that we make some very difficult decisions and move forward,” Mr. Meadows said.
Any plan that can satisfy House conservatives would face great uncertainty in the more moderate Senate.
The plan unveiled on Thursday by House Republican leaders would make huge changes in Medicaid. It would eventually undo the Affordable Care Act’s expansion of Medicaid and give each state a fixed amount of money for each beneficiary. As an alternative, they said, a state could receive a lump sum of federal money for all of its Medicaid program, or a block grant.
In either case, the federal government would gradually reduce the extra payments it makes to states that have expanded Medicaid under the 2010 health care law. States could continue providing Medicaid to the newly eligible beneficiaries, but the federal share of the costs would decline to the regular federal share of Medicaid costs for other beneficiaries.
The federal government now pays more than 90 percent of the costs for newly eligible beneficiaries in states that expanded Medicaid. Under the House Republican plan, the federal share would decline to 50 percent in states like New York, New Jersey, Connecticut and California, resulting in a significant loss of federal revenue.
In a number of states that have expanded Medicaid, Republican governors and Republican members of Congress have made clear that they do not like the idea of a block grant or a per-beneficiary allotment.
The Congressional Budget Office says that 12 million people have insurance because they became eligible for Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act, and it estimates that federal spending for this group will be $70 billion this year.
The House Republican plan would immediately eliminate tax penalties for people who do not have insurance and employers that do not offer it.
It would also eliminate taxes and fees that help pay for the expansion of coverage under the 2010 health care law. These include fees collected from health insurance companies and manufacturers of brand-name prescription drugs and an excise tax on makers of medical devices.
House Republicans have repeatedly said that they would continue providing some protection for people with pre-existing medical conditions. But the document describing their proposal does not say how they would do that.
Mr. Ryan said the tax credits envisioned by House Republicans were different from those provided in the Affordable Care Act.
Under that law, the tax credits are available only for insurance products that meet detailed federal standards and are purchased through an insurance exchange like HealthCare.gov.
By contrast, Mr. Ryan said, with the Republican version of tax credits, people can “buy the health insurance plan of their choosing,” which could cost less and have less generous coverage than the plans now available.
“You get the freedom to do what you want and buy what you need,” Mr. Ryan said.
During a transition period, House Republicans would continue “Obamacare subsidies,” but they would provide a little more assistance to young people and a little less to older Americans.
The House Republican plan would provide an unspecified amount of money for “innovation grants,” which states could use to help defray consumers’ out-of-pocket costs or to establish “high-risk pools” for people with serious chronic conditions.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump took aim at reporters on Thursday for more than an hour at an impromptu White House news conference.
“The press has become so dishonest,” he said, and not talking about it would be “doing a tremendous disservice to the American people.” He added that the “level of dishonesty is out of control.”
In accusing the news media, though, Mr. Trump uttered several falsehoods of his own. Here is a list of some of the most important.
Mr. Trump won 306 Electoral College votes (and ended up with 304 officially), well above the threshold needed to secure the presidency but well behind several of his most recent predecessors. President Barack Obama won 332 Electoral College votes in 2012 and 365 four years earlier. President Bill Clinton received 370 Electoral College votes in 1992 and 379 in 1996. And President George Bush won 426 Electoral College votes in 1988.
When a reporter pressed Mr. Trump on the claim, he laid the blame elsewhere. “I was given that information,” he said.
Mr. Trump said the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, which upheld a temporary restraining order on his targeted travel ban, was “in chaos.”
There is no evidence of that. The decision by the Ninth Circuit’s three-judge panel in the travel ban case was unanimous.
Mr. Trump also claimed that the court was “a circuit that has been overturned at a record number.” He was apparently referring to the Ninth Circuit’s reversal rate, which the president cited correctly: “I find that hard to believe, that is just a number I heard, that they are overturned 80 percent of the time.”
PolitiFact found that of the cases the Supreme Court took up from the Ninth Circuit, about 79 percent were reversed from 2010 to 2015.
But that was not the highest rate among the nation’s 13 appeals courts. The Sixth Circuit (87 percent) and 11th Circuit (85 percent) each had a greater percentage of reviewed decisions reversed. For all appellate court cases in that period, the Supreme Court reversed decisions about 70 percent of the time.
By most definitions, the economy is not a mess, nor is it in recession. The unemployment rate in January was 4.8 percent, compared with 7.8 percent in January 2009, when Mr. Obama took office.
Last month, the economy added 227,000 jobs, even though the unemployment rate is already low. The number of people filing new claims for jobless benefits continues to hit lows not seen in decades.
Other measures suggest the same thing, as our colleagues at The Upshot report: The economy seems to be taking off.
Mr. Trump correctly cited the daily presidential tracking poll by Rasmussen. But the poll is an outlier, giving Mr. Trump an approval rating several points higher than others in the field. Real Clear Politics’ average of approval ratings finds that 44.6 percent of Americans approve of the job Mr. Trump is doing, compared with 50.3 percent who disapprove.
Gallup’s daily job approval tracker puts Mr. Trump’s approval rating at 40 percent, the lowest since he has taken office, and disapproval at 54 percent.
Thirty-nine percent of respondents to a Pew Research Center poll released on Tuesday approve of Mr. Trump’s performance, while 56 percent disapproved.
The claim is not a new one for Mr. Trump, and has been fodder for fact checkers since September. Behind it is the purchase by Russia’s nuclear power agency of a controlling interest in a Toronto-based company that has assets in the United States, including mills, mines and land used for producing uranium.
Mr. Trump’s claim is incorrect on at least two points.
First, the company’s American assets were equal to 20 percent of the country’s uranium production capacity — not its produced uranium, as Mr. Trump suggested.
Second, Mrs. Clinton was not in a position to approve of or reject the deal herself as secretary of state. Though the State Department did sign off on it, so did eight other federal agencies. It is unclear whether Mrs. Clinton was briefed about or weighed in on the State Department’s decision.
Mr. Trump’s instinct to hedge on the news media’s approval rating was right. The news media does not enjoy a great reputation among Americans, according to a variety of polls in recent years, but Congress fares worse.
Gallup’s annual poll of Americans’ confidence in their institutions, the most authoritative on the matter, found that as of June 2016, just 21 percent of Americans had a “great deal” or “quite a lot” of confidence in television news and only 20 percent in newspapers. Congress, by comparison, inspired confidence in just 9 percent.
There is evidence that Congress’s approval rating is on the rise in Gallup’s polling, but there is not more recent data comparing the institutions.
Mr. Trump went on to say that aside from a federal district judge’s decision to temporarily halt the ban, its rollout had been “perfect.” By most measures, that is far from true.
The order’s announcement and speedy implementation created chaos across the country and around the world. Travelers already in transit were stranded, protests erupted in the United States, and green card holders were initially blocked from re-entering the country before being allowed back in. Several additional judges challenged various aspects of the measure.
Even senior Republicans who agreed with the order’s goals said it had been “poorly implemented” and had sown confusion by being “overly broad.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The Justice Department told a federal appeals court on Thursday that it would not seek a rehearing of a decision that shut down President Trump’s targeted travel ban. Instead, the administration will start from scratch, issuing a new executive order, the department said.
Last Thursday, a unanimous three-judge panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, in San Francisco, blocked the key parts of the original executive order, which suspended the nation’s refugee program as well as travel from seven predominantly Muslim countries. The panel said the original ban was unlikely to survive constitutional scrutiny.
The Justice Department said that the panel’s decision was riddled with errors but that the flaws it noted would be addressed in the new executive order.
“Rather than continuing this litigation,” the Justice Department’s brief said, “the president intends in the near future to rescind the order and replace it with a new, substantially revised executive order to eliminate what the panel erroneously thought were constitutional concerns.”
“In so doing,” the brief said, “the president will clear the way for immediately protecting the country rather than pursuing further, potentially time-consuming litigation.”
In a news conference on Thursday, Mr. Trump said the new executive order would be issued next week.
In its brief, the Justice Department urged the appeals court to await the new order and then vacate last Thursday’s decision.
It is not clear that the issuance of a new and narrower executive order will make the case before the Ninth Circuit moot or that the court will agree to vacate the decision even if it did.
The Supreme Court has said the “voluntary cessation” of a government action does not usually make a case moot if the government remains free to resume the conduct after the case is dismissed.
In calling for a legal do-over, the Justice Department avoided a Supreme Court test of the original executive order. A 4-to-4 tie on the short-handed Supreme Court would have left the panel’s decision in place.
Mr. Trump’s travel ban, issued Jan. 27, caused confusion and protests at airports nationwide and was immediately challenged in court. Many federal judges blocked aspects of the order.
The broadest injunction was issued on Feb. 3 by Judge James L. Robart of the Federal District Court in Seattle, acting in a lawsuit filed by the states of Washington and Minnesota. Judge Robart required the administration to roll back the key aspects of the order, and travel from the affected countries resumed almost immediately.
The next day, the Justice Department filed an emergency appeal, saying that national security concerns required immediate action from the appeals court. The three-judge panel heard arguments a few days later, and in a unanimous decision last Thursday, it refused to reinstate the ban.
Many legal scholars, including ones who disapproved of the ban, have criticized the reasoning in the panel’s ruling. The Justice Department’s brief tracked many of those critiques, saying the panel’s decision was plagued by misunderstandings about the scope of the original executive order and the president’s authority to address immigration.
“In other circumstances,” the brief said, “the panel’s multiple errors in sustaining a substantially overbroad injunction, and thereby prohibiting enforcement of a lawful executive order designed to protect the nation’s security, would warrant” review by a larger panel of the Ninth Circuit.
“Such review is not called for at this time,” the brief said, given the forthcoming executive order.
In their own brief filed Thursday, Washington and Minnesota agreed with the administration on one thing: that no rehearing of the panel’s decision was warranted. But the states argued that the panel’s ruling had been careful and correct.
“The panel’s order thoroughly considered the legal precedent and the parties’ arguments and neither overlooked nor misunderstood a point of law or fact,” the brief said.
The briefs came in response to a request from the appeals court. Last Friday, an unidentified appeals court judge called for a vote on whether the three-judge panel’s ruling should be reheard by a larger panel of the Ninth Circuit.
If a majority of the court’s active judges vote to rehear the case, it would typically be considered by an 11-member panel made up of the circuit’s chief judge and 10 judges chosen at random.
Rehearing motions filed by parties and requests for votes on rehearings requested by judges are not particularly unusual. The Ninth Circuit rehears decisions issued by three-judge panels 15 to 25 times a year, the court said.
The Ninth Circuit has 25 active judges; 18 were appointed by Democratic presidents.
Even if the Ninth Circuit agrees to vacate the panel’s decision, challenges to the original executive order will continue in other courts. And the new executive order may draw fresh legal challenges.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Employees of the Environmental Protection Agency have been calling their senators to urge them to vote on Friday against the confirmation of Scott Pruitt, President Trump’s contentious nominee to run the agency, a remarkable display of activism and defiance that presages turbulent times ahead for the E.P.A.
Many of the scientists, environmental lawyers and policy experts who work in E.P.A. offices around the country say the calls are a last resort for workers who fear a nominee selected to run an agency he has made a career out of fighting — by a president who has vowed to “get rid of” it.
“Mr. Pruitt’s background speaks for itself, and it comes on top of what the president wants to do to E.P.A.,” said John O’Grady, a biochemist at the agency since the first Bush administration and president of the union representing the E.P.A.’s 15,000 employees nationwide.
Nicole Cantello, an E.P.A. lawyer who heads the union in the Chicago area, said: “It seems like Trump and Pruitt want a complete reversal of what E.P.A. has done. I don’t know if there’s any other agency that’s been so reviled. So it’s in our interests to do this.”
The union has sent emails and posted Facebook and Twitter messages urging members to make the calls.
“It is rare,” said James A. Thurber, the director of the Center for Congressional and Presidential Studies at American University. “I can’t think of any other time when people in the bureaucracy have done this.”
The campaign is not likely to succeed. Before Friday’s vote, two Democratic senators, Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota and Joe Manchin III of West Virginia, announced that they would vote for Mr. Pruitt’s confirmation, and only one Republican, Susan Collins of Maine, has said she will oppose him.
But because Civil Service rules make it difficult to fire federal workers, the show of defiance indicates that Mr. Pruitt will face strong internal opposition to many of his promised efforts to curtail E.P.A. activities and influence.
“What it means is that it’s going to be a blood bath when Pruitt gets in there,” said Christine Todd Whitman, a Republican former governor of New Jersey and the E.P.A. administrator during the first term of President George W. Bush.
Ms. Whitman predicted a standoff between career employees and their politically appointed bosses, noting that Mr. Pruitt would be blocked by legal Civil Service protections from immediately firing longtime employees, but would probably be able to retaliate in other ways, such as shifting them to different jobs.
The showdown could embolden the White House and Congress to change federal Civil Service laws.
“The Civil Service is supposed to be a class of experts implementing policy, regardless of politics,” said Myron Ebell, a fellow at the free-market Competitive Enterprise Institute, who led Mr. Trump’s environmental transition team. “If they have now become a special interest group pleading their own agenda, then it is probably time to look at reforming the Civil Service laws.”
The revolt has also angered supporters of Mr. Pruitt.
“There clearly has been an organized effort to demonize Pruitt, and I think that’s unfair and unfortunate,” said Jeffrey Holmstead, a senior E.P.A. official in the George W. Bush administration who has been mentioned as a possible deputy to Mr. Pruitt. “I don’t remember, in my time, anything like this. But I think that anyone Trump nominated would be targeted.”
“We know that he’ll dismantle Clean Power Plan and the Waters of the U.S. rule, but he’s not going to go in there and start firing people,” said Mr. Holmstead, referring to Obama regulations on climate change and water pollution.
Mr. Pruitt, the attorney general of Oklahoma, has sued the E.P.A. at least 14 times, often in concert with the nation’s largest fossil fuel companies, to block major environmental regulations. He has questioned human-caused global warming and is a key architect of the national legal effort to dismantle former President Barack Obama’s climate change policies.
He has harshly criticized the role of the federal agency, saying much of its authority should be dissolved and left to the states. Mr. Pruitt’s legal views on environmental protection broadly, and the role of the E.P.A. specifically, appear to line up with Mr. Trump’s campaign claim that “Environmental Protection, what they do is a disgrace.”
Within days of Mr. Pruitt’s swearing-in, Mr. Trump is expected to sign one or more executive orders aimed at undoing Mr. Obama’s climate change regulations, and possibly to begin dismantling some E.P.A. offices and programs, people familiar with the White House’s plans said.
While it will be impossible to undo most major rules or programs that quickly, the presidential signatures would authorize Mr. Pruitt to cut existing environmental regulations — and, eventually, the jobs of many of the people who enforce them.
Ms. Cantello said most of her career at the E.P.A. had been focused on water protection, particularly on cleaning pollution in the Great Lakes. “I’m afraid all the work I’ve done will be abandoned,” she said.
Ms. Cantello and other longtime agency employees said that while they sometimes chafed under the administration of George W. Bush, who sought to loosen some environmental rules, they did not openly rebel against it — nor, they said, did they fear that Mr. Bush and his appointees wanted to eliminate the agency.
“I’ve been here for 30 years, and I’ve never called my senator about a nominee before,” said an E.P.A. employee in North Carolina who spoke on the condition of anonymity out of fear of losing her job.
The calls to senators come on top of an anti-Pruitt protest last week by Chicago E.P.A. employees, and agency workers say that if Mr. Pruitt is confirmed, they intend to amplify their resistance to him, taking their case to the American public.
“At this point, it’s just, ‘call your senator,’” Mr. O’Grady, the union president, said. “We plan on more demonstrations, more rallies. I think you will see the employees’ union reaching out to N.G.O.s and having alliances with them,” he added, referring to nongovernmental organizations. “We’re looking at working with P.R. firms.”
The White House and E.P.A. did not respond to emailed questions about the employees’ campaign.
The E.P.A. emerged as a Republican political target during the Obama administration, after Mr. Obama turned to the agency to muscle through an environmental agenda that could not get through Congress.
While Mr. Trump campaigned on slashing Obama-era rules on climate change and waterways, his efforts might also be thwarted by Congress. But the E.P.A. is likely to be at the center of his antiregulatory agenda.
Experts say it is not surprising that liberal and environmental groups like the Sierra Club have campaigned against Mr. Pruitt. Over 700 former E.P.A. employees have signed a letter to senators opposing his confirmation.
The Center for Media and Democracy, a left-leaning group, successfully sued the Oklahoma attorney general’s office to release about 3,000 of Mr. Pruitt’s emails, which they say could reveal more about his ties to fossil fuel companies. An Oklahoma judge ruled Thursday that the emails must be released but gave the attorney general’s office until Tuesday to comply, long enough to avoid roiling the confirmation vote unless Democrats can persuade Senate Republicans to hold off.
But former E.P.A. officials said the open rebellion by current employees was extraordinary, especially considering that their resistance could backfire once Mr. Pruitt arrives on the job.
“E.P.A. staff are pretty careful. They’re risk-averse,” said Judith Enck, who left the agency last month. “If people are saying and doing things like this, it’s because they’re really concerned.”
Senator Rob Portman, Republican of Ohio, said on Wednesday that his office had received dozens of calls from people both opposing and supporting Mr. Pruitt’s nomination, including E.P.A. employees, and that he had not yet decided whether to vote for him. “I do have concerns about the Great Lakes,” he said.
Mr. O’Grady said that he expected the calls to continue through Friday’s vote. “I pray they don’t dismantle the E.P.A.,” he said. “It’s going to be like Humpty Dumpty — very difficult to put back together again.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump on Thursday dismissed reports about his associates’ contacts with Russia last year and vigorously defended his performance in his first four weeks in office, in a contentious news conference that showcased his unconventional and unconstrained presidency.
At a hastily organized White House event — ostensibly to announce a new nominee for labor secretary, R. Alexander Acosta — Mr. Trump engaged in an extended attack on the news media and insisted that his new administration was not a chaotic operation but a “fine-tuned machine.” Any challenges, he said, were not his fault. “To be honest, I inherited a mess,” he said.
In addition to his cabinet announcement, the president revealed that he had asked the Justice Department to investigate government leaks and said he would sign an executive order next week restricting travel to the United States. He promised to produce by March a plan to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, followed by another plan to overhaul the tax system.
But his 77-minute news conference was dominated by an extraordinarily raw and angry defense of both his administration and his character. At times abrupt, often rambling, characteristically boastful yet seemingly pained at the portrayals of him, Mr. Trump kept summoning the spirit of his successful campaign after a month of grinding governance to remind his audience, again, that he won.
For a president who has already lost a court battle, fired an acting attorney general and a national security adviser, and lost a cabinet nomination fight, Mr. Trump was eager to demonstrate that he was still in command. He attacked judges for blocking his original travel order and Democrats for obstructing his nominations. He denied being anti-Semitic even when no one accused him of it. With the latest Pew Research Center poll showing that just 39 percent of Americans approve of the job he is doing, Mr. Trump at one point plaintively pleaded for understanding.
“The tone is such hatred,” he said, referring to the commentary about him on cable television. “I’m really not a bad person.”
Mr. Trump disputed any contention that the White House was out of control or not fully functional, and boasted of a flurry of actions intended to create jobs, curb regulations and crack down on illegal immigration.
“There has never been a presidency that has done so much in such a short period of time,” he said. “And we haven’t even started the big work yet. That starts early next week.”
The enactment of a temporary ban on refugees and all visitors from seven predominantly Muslim countries, he maintained, was “perfect,” despite widespread confusion and subsequent court rulings blocking it. “We had a very smooth rollout of the travel ban,” he said. “But we had a bad court.”
Mr. Trump offered his first account of his decision to fire Michael T. Flynn, his national security adviser, for misleading Vice President Mike Pence and others in the White House about the contents of a conversation with Russia’s ambassador in December.
He said he was not bothered that Mr. Flynn had talked with the ambassador about American sanctions on Russia before arriving at the White House. “I didn’t direct him,” he said, “but I would have directed him, because that’s his job.”
The problem, he said, was that Mr. Flynn had told Mr. Pence that sanctions did not come up during the conversation, an assertion belied by a transcript of the call, which had been monitored by American intelligence agencies.
“The thing is he didn’t tell our vice president properly, and then he said he didn’t remember,” Mr. Trump said. “So either way, it wasn’t very satisfactory to me.”
But he said reports that his campaign aides and other associates had contacts with Russia were “a joke” and “fake news put out by the media.” The New York Times reported this week that phone records and intercepted calls showed repeated contacts between some of his associates and Russian intelligence officials in the year before the election.
“Russia is a ruse,” Mr. Trump said. “I have nothing to do with Russia. To the best of my knowledge, no person that I deal with does.”
However, Mr. Trump said, all the pressure on Russia may ruin any future negotiations with President Vladimir V. Putin. “Putin probably assumes that he can’t make a deal with me anymore because politically, it would be unpopular for a politician to make a deal,” he said.
Like presidents before him, Mr. Trump was peeved at a series of leaks, including about Mr. Flynn’s call and his own conversations with foreign leaders. In addition to requesting the Justice Department investigation, he confirmed that he might assign a New York billionaire, Stephen A. Feinberg, to conduct a broad review of the intelligence agencies. “He’s offered his services, and you know, it’s something we may take advantage of,” Mr. Trump said. But he added that it might not be necessary because “we are going to be able to straighten it out very easily on its own.”
Mr. Trump returned again and again to his contest with Hillary Clinton, replaying key events from the 2016 campaign and reviving his favorite attacks. He repeated a claim that Mrs. Clinton gave Russia access to American nuclear fuel supplies. “I’ve done nothing for Russia,” he said. “Hillary Clinton gave them 20 percent of our uranium.”
The State Department did sign off on the purchase of a Canadian company by a Russian state firm that gave Russia control of one-fifth of America’s uranium production capacity, as did eight other agencies. But Mrs. Clinton was not in a position to approve or reject the deal when she was secretary of state, and it is not known if she was briefed on the matter.
Mr. Trump spent much of the conference berating reporters and their news organizations. Clearly exasperated by coverage of him, he said he did not watch CNN but then gave a detailed critique of one of its shows. He cited specific articles in The Times and The Wall Street Journal that he called “fake,” even harking back to one from last year’s campaign.
“The press is out of control,” he said. “The level of dishonesty is out of control.”
He added later, “The public doesn’t believe you people anymore.”
The acrimony grew so sharp at one point that CNN’s Jim Acosta felt the need to tell Mr. Trump, “Just for the record, we don’t hate you.”
But that did not assuage him. At one point, he called on Jake Turx, an ultra-Orthodox Jewish reporter from Ami Magazine. “Are you a friendly reporter?” he asked.
“I haven’t seen anybody in my community accuse either yourself or anyone on your staff of being anti-Semitic,” Mr. Turx said. But, citing bomb threats against Jewish centers, he said, “What we haven’t really heard being addressed is an uptick in anti-Semitism and how the government is planning to take care of it.”
Mr. Trump bristled, taking it as a suggestion that he was anti-Semitic even though the reporter specifically said the opposite. “I am the least anti-Semitic person that you’ve ever seen in your entire life,” Mr. Trump said.
Mr. Turx protested that he was not suggesting otherwise. “Quiet, quiet, quiet,” Mr. Trump said. “See? He lied. He was going to get up and ask a very straight, simple question.” Instead, Mr. Trump said, the question was “repulsive” and “very insulting.” He later accused Democrats of posing as supporters and holding up offensive signs at his rallies to smear him.
When April Ryan of American Urban Radio Networks asked whether he would meet with the Congressional Black Caucus to discuss his urban agenda, Mr. Trump again seemed piqued.
“Do you want to set up the meeting?” he challenged her. “Are they friends of yours?”
“I’m just a reporter,” said Ms. Ryan, who is African-American.
“Well, then, set up the meeting,” Mr. Trump said.
That exchange and others included claims that were false or disputed. Mr. Trump told Ms. Ryan that he had planned a meeting with Representative Elijah E. Cummings, an African-American Democrat from Maryland, but that Mr. Cummings had said: “It might be bad for me politically. I can’t have that meeting.”
Mr. Cummings later denied that. “I have no idea why President Trump would make up a story about me like he did today,” he said. “I was actually looking forward to meeting with the president about the skyrocketing price of prescription drugs.”
Similarly, Mr. Trump asserted that his Electoral College victory was the largest since Ronald Reagan’s. But he won fewer Electoral College votes than three of the four presidents since Reagan: Barack Obama, Bill Clinton and George Bush.
When a reporter pointed that out, Mr. Trump brushed it off. “I was given that information,” he said.



ARTICLE
For days, news reports have noted the presence of a Russian naval ship lurking in international waters off the East Coast of the United States. For some critics of President Trump, the vessel has become a symbol of the administration’s ties with Russia.
Mr. Trump himself referred to the ship at a marathon news conference on Thursday, saying that his critics probably think “the greatest thing I could do is shoot that ship that’s 30 miles offshore right out of the water. Everyone in this country’s going to say, ‘Oh, it’s so great.’ That’s not great. That’s not great.”
A Coast Guard official on Thursday said the presence of the intelligence ship, called the Viktor Leonov, so close to American shores is not unprecedented, and is not a cause for alarm.
The vessel has been traveling along the Eastern Seaboard and was spotted near the states of Connecticut, Virginia and Delaware. Capt. Andrew Tucci, who oversees Long Island Sound and coastal Connecticut, said the Coast Guard knew the Russian ship had been traveling from the Caribbean “for some time.”
“This vessel was transiting all up the Eastern Seaboard, and the Coast Guard and other military and federal government agencies are aware,” Captain Tucci said.
By the time the public learned of it on Wednesday, it had started to move in the direction of a submarine base in Groton, Conn., staying at least 30 miles offshore.
Captain Tucci said that his region is traversed mostly by commercial fishing vessels and oceangoing freight ships, but that the Coast Guard had no reason to contact the Russian ship.
Asked how often a foreign military ship passes off the U.S. coast, he said, “A couple times a year.”
“It may not be a daily occurrence, but it is not unusual,” he said of the appearance of the Russian vessel. “This vessel was in international waters for the entirety of a transit, so it is not a violation of American sovereignty in any way,” Captain Tucci said.
“And yes, Russian vessels transit through international waters,” he added, “and certainly American vessels transit through international waters, and it is a legitimate and lawful activity that doesn’t raise any particular concerns.”
United States territory extends 12 miles out to sea.
While the ship was being treated publicly as little more than a maritime curiosity, its presence became entangled in the political discourse. That was especially true after  Michael T. Flynn’s resignation this week as national security adviser amid a scandal over his contact with a Russian diplomat.
Mr. Trump, who spent part of the news conference denouncing leaks to the press, later used the ship as an example of a national security matter that he would not discuss with journalists. “So when you ask me what am I going to do with a ship, the Russian ship as an example, I’m not going to tell you,” he said. “But hopefully, I won’t have to do anything, but I’m not going to tell you.”
Earlier in the week, some had seized on the Russian ship as a symbol. Representative Joe Courtney, a Democrat from Connecticut and a member of the Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee, said on Wednesday on the House floor and in a statement that the presence of the Russian “spy ship” about 30 miles from the Groton submarine base was one of several “destabilizing” actions by Russia and its president, Vladimir V. Putin.
“This unacceptable, aggressive action, combined with the buzzing of U.S. Navy ships in the Black Sea yesterday, are clearly testing the resolve of a new administration,” Mr. Courtney said in the statement on his website. “While I have total confidence in our Navy’s vigilant, responsible readiness, the White House needs to move past their seeming infatuation with Putin and treat him like the serious threat to global peace and security that he has been for the last five years.”
In Congress, the representative said the appearance of the ship fit into a Russian pattern of aggression, including the recent deployment of a new cruise missile that American officials say violated a landmark arms control treaty.
“This administration needs to wake up and recognize that and move on to a bipartisan effort to respond to this threat,” Mr. Courtney said. “And they can do that by again disclosing all of the background regarding General Flynn’s interactions with the Russian government, because it is part and parcel of all those incidents which I listed in terms of aggressive actions that are happening in real time as we are here in Washington, D.C., today.”
Though Representative Jim Himes, a Democrat from Connecticut, said in a statement on Wednesday the ship did “not present a direct threat to our physical safety,” he added that its appearance was troubling, however, viewed in conjunction with the stories of “Russian ties and interference in the Trump administration and the recent deployment of a Russian cruise missile in apparent violation of international agreements.
He added, “In my opinion, Russia is making a show of strength and pushing established boundaries and norms to gauge the reaction of a new administration in disarray.”
Senator Chris Murphy, a Democrat from Connecticut, said that while the appearance of the Russian ship  was not “wholly unprecedented,” it showed the Trump administration had given Russia the green light to “flex his muscles.”
For years, the 300-foot ship, which has equipment monitoring sonar and communications and carries defensive weaponry, has been patrolling near naval installations on the East Coast and was spotted two years ago near the Navy’s Trident ballistic missile submarine base in Kings Bay, Ga., The Hartford Courant newspaper reported.
“It’s been going on for years,” said Jeff Walsh, a retired Navy senior chief, who served 22 years aboard attack submarines and who works at Electric Boat in Groton. Mr. Walsh was quoted by the newspaper as saying that the attention roused by the ship was amusing to people who understand the context.
“It’s going to keep going on until everyone wants to play nice.”
The Associated Press quoted an unnamed military official as saying the ship had made a port call in Cuba previously and was monitored off Delaware’s coast. It was not immediately clear how long the Russian ship had remained off the Connecticut coast.
Captain Tucci said he did not have information about the location of the Russian ship on Thursday. “It came up here, it turned around and left, and to my knowledge the last briefing I got, it was headed back down,” he said.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — A top aide to President Trump’s housing secretary nominee, Ben Carson, was fired and led out of the department’s headquarters by security on Wednesday after writings critical of Mr. Trump surfaced in his vetting, according to two people briefed on the matter.
Shermichael Singleton, who was one of the few black conservatives in the Trump administration, had been working at the Department of Housing and Urban Development since Jan. 23 as a senior adviser. He was preparing a cross-country tour for Mr. Carson, who is expected to be confirmed by the Senate this month.
But according to the two people briefed, Mr. Singleton’s background check had not been completed. As it was being finished this week, Mr. Trump’s advisers turned up public writings by Mr. Singleton that appeared during the later stages of the campaign in which he was deeply critical of the candidate.
“My party in particular has allowed itself to be taken over by someone who claims to be a Republican but doesn’t represent any of our values, principles or traditions,” he wrote in The Hill in October 2016.
The firing was reminiscent of the decision by the White House to block a senior Republican foreign policy adviser, Elliott Abrams, from becoming deputy secretary of state. The move came after Mr. Abrams’s anti-Trump writings came to the president’s attention. Mr. Abrams had been the choice of Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson.
A person close to Mr. Singleton said an initial vetting of the 26-year-old by HUD and White House personnel had come up with his criticism. He answered a number of questions regarding the article and expressed remorse for the piece and support for Mr. Trump.
But a second look may have done him in. On Wednesday, Mr. Singleton was presented again with the piece and told it was the reason for his termination. Reached by phone, he would say only, “I can’t talk about that.”
A spokesman for HUD confirmed Mr. Singleton’s position and said only that, “As of Feb. 15, 2017, he is no longer with the department.”
Mr. Singleton plans to return to a previous job he held as a vice president with Howard Stirk Holdings, a media company run by Armstrong Williams, a conservative media personality and close friend of Mr. Carson’s.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Moving quickly after his first choice for labor secretary withdrew his nomination amid controversy, President Trump made a seemingly safe selection on Thursday in R. Alexander Acosta, a Florida law school dean and former assistant attorney general.
In Mr. Acosta, Mr. Trump has chosen a nominee with deep experience in labor relations, law and education. The pick answers concerns about the lack of diversity in the Trump administration, in that Mr. Acosta would be the first Hispanic in the president’s cabinet. And his chances of being confirmed appear relatively high, since Mr. Acosta, currently the dean of Florida International University’s law school, has made it through the Senate process three times for different roles.
“Alex is going to be a key part of achieving our goal of revitalizing the American economy, manufacturing and labor force,” Mr. Trump said as he called on the Senate to confirm Mr. Acosta swiftly.
A Miami native, Mr. Acosta’s most relevant experience to the job of labor secretary is his time at the National Labor Relations Board, where he was a member from 2002 to 2003, under President George W. Bush. Mr. Bush later tapped Mr. Acosta to be assistant attorney general for the Justice Department’s civil rights division, one of the highest positions at the agency.
He went on to become the United States attorney for the Southern District of Florida, where his office prosecuted the lobbyist Jack Abramoff, the terrorism suspect Jose Padilla and founders of the Cali cartel. He achieved the conviction of Charles Taylor Jr., the son of Liberia’s former leader, for torture. His official biography said his office also prosecuted several bank-related cases and targeted health care fraud.
Mr. Acosta’s record and writings will undergo close scrutiny in the weeks before his confirmation hearing. But some of the most outspoken skeptics of the previous labor nominee, the fast-food executive Andrew F. Puzder, have already expressed optimism and open-mindedness about Mr. Acosta.
“I am thrilled that at long last, we have a Hispanic in this cabinet,” said Javier Palomarez, president of the United States Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, who was critical of Mr. Trump during the presidential campaign.
Labor groups that assailed Mr. Puzder as being anti-worker applauded the choice of Mr. Acosta.
“Unlike Andy Puzder, Alexander Acosta’s nomination deserves serious consideration,” said Richard L. Trumka, president of the A.F.L.-C.I.O. trade union. “In one day, we’ve gone from a fast-food chain C.E.O. who routinely violates labor law to a public servant with experience enforcing it.”
Mr. Puzder withdrew his name from consideration on Wednesday after Republican senators began turning against him. They were concerned about a slew of accusations that had surfaced recently, ranging from Mr. Puzder’s business record to his employment of an undocumented housekeeper to his 1988 divorce.
If confirmed, Mr. Acosta could also help smooth the relationship between Mr. Trump and American Muslims who have accused him of fomenting religious discrimination. Testifying before Congress in 2011 at a hearing about the civil rights of American Muslims, Mr. Acosta made a forceful appeal that they should be viewed as any other American community would. “Now is a good time to remember that no community has a monopoly on any particular type of crime,” he said.
Despite the early praise Mr. Acosta has received, it is far from certain that his confirmation will be easy. Progressive groups, such as the Democratic “super PAC” American Bridge, were busy on Thursday digging through his background and looking for stains on his record. One area of potential concern is a 2008 investigation by the Justice Department’s inspector general, which looked into whether hiring practices and case assignments at the civil rights division he led were based on political affiliations. A report on the case found that Mr. Acosta had ignored warning signs about such problems.
Another pitfall could be a 2004 letter to a federal judge in Ohio that Mr. Acosta sent while he was at the Justice Department, justifying “vote caging” in the presidential election. The practice, in which private citizens in Ohio challenged the eligibility of African-American voters, was widely seen as a Republican strategy to disenfranchise minorities.
Both issues came up when Mr. Acosta was interviewing to become dean of the University of Florida’s law school in 2014. Michelle Jacobs, a professor at the school, said that she and her colleagues were uncomfortable with how Mr. Acosta explained the vote-caging case. She also said Mr. Acosta had described paying lip service to lawmakers when called to testify before Congress.
“I feel that he lacked some transparency, and he didn’t show a full appreciation for ethical obligations,” Ms. Jacobs said. “We felt it deeply enough that we eliminated him from the list of candidates.”
But colleagues of Mr. Acosta’s at Florida International University said he was widely liked as a leader of the law school, striking a healthy balance of being detail-oriented without micromanaging. A father of two daughters and a lover of science fiction, Mr. Acosta is known within his department for being humble and genial.
“I was actually stunned that Donald Trump would make such a sensible choice,” said José Gabilondo, an F.I.U. law professor who has worked closely with Mr. Acosta. “He’s a very mature person with a sense of decorum, and I think he’ll make a very big contribution to the administration.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The Senate hearing on Judge Neil M. Gorsuch’s nomination to the Supreme Court will begin on March 20, the Judiciary Committee said on Thursday, setting the stage for one of the most contested judicial confirmations in a generation.
Democrats, still angry that Republicans refused to allow President Barack Obama to fill the seat over the last 11 months of his presidency, have vowed tough questioning of Judge Gorsuch, who was nominated by President Trump on Jan. 31.
Despite the judge’s strong legal credentials, some Democrats are likely to oppose him, with many people on the left demanding that they push back against Mr. Trump in any way they can. Democrats have also argued that the court seat was effectively stolen by Senate Republicans, who refused to hold hearings or a vote on Mr. Obama’s nomination of Judge Merrick B. Garland.
Republicans hold a 52-seat majority in the Senate, but they would need some Democratic votes to reach 60 and break a possible filibuster. That raises the prospect that Republicans could change Senate rules to prohibit, for the first time in two centuries, the use of the filibuster on Supreme Court nominations. Mr. Trump has encouraged Republicans to employ this so-called nuclear option.
The vacancy that Judge Gorsuch would fill, left by the death of Justice Antonin Scalia, is on track to be the longest opening on the court since the 1860s. Justice Scalia died on Feb. 13, 2016, and the March 20 date means that the hearing would begin 401 days later. Questioning of Judge Gorsuch will begin on March 21, and the hearing will last three or four days. A confirmation vote by the full Senate would not be held any earlier than April.
The longest Supreme Court vacancy in the past century and a half was 391 days, after the resignation of Justice Abe Fortas in 1969.
If not for the blocking of Judge Garland, Judge Gorsuch, 49, who sits on the United States Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit, in Denver, might not be considered a contentious choice.
Democrats who have met with him say he has failed to sufficiently answer some basic questions they believe are critical to making a proper assessment of him, including whether he would serve as a check on what they view as Mr. Trump’s overreach.
“The judge was clearly very smart, articulate and polite, with superb judicial demeanor,” Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, wrote in an Op-Ed in The New York Times. “But over the course of an hour, he refused to answer even the most rudimentary questions.”
In the last 25 years, the closest Supreme Court confirmation vote was 58 to 42, for Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. in 2006



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump’s nominee to be ambassador to Israel, David M. Friedman, a bankruptcy lawyer with no diplomatic experience, apologized on Thursday for his language during the “highly charged presidential campaign,” an apparent reference to his comments comparing liberal American Jews to the Jews who aided the Nazis in the Holocaust.
Appearing before senators for his confirmation hearing, Mr. Friedman — a former campaign adviser who has aligned himself with the Israeli far right and questioned the need for a two-state solution — spoke broadly of regretting his language and promised to be “respectful and measured” if confirmed.
“The inflammatory rhetoric that accompanied the presidential campaign is entirely over,” he said.
Mr. Friedman came under fire last year for an op-ed he wrote for the website of Arutz Sheva, an Israeli news organization, in which he said supporters of the liberal Jewish lobbying organization J Street were “far worse than kapos,” the Jews who cooperated with the Nazis.
As prolific as he is provocative, Mr. Friedman has also drawn condemnation for lobbing accusations of anti-Semitism against President Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton and others. And among his criticisms of sitting senators — who now stand in judgment of his fitness for the post — he once slammed Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, for not doing enough to derail the Iran nuclear deal, saying Mr. Schumer was “validating the worst appeasement of terrorism since Munich.”
Despite his expression of contrition, several Democratic senators criticized him as unsuited to a diplomatic post, let alone one as critical as the ambassadorship to Israel.
Senator Benjamin L. Cardin of Maryland, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee’s top Democrat, pressed Mr. Friedman on his apology, pointing out that his remarks during the campaign were written, meaning he would have had time to carefully choose his words.
“I’m having difficulty understanding your use of those descriptions and whether you really can be a diplomat, because a diplomat has to choose every word that he or she uses,” Mr. Cardin said. “So why should I believe that these were just emotional expressions and that you now understand the difference between that role and the role as a diplomat?”
“There is no excuse,” Mr. Friedman said. “These were hurtful words, and I deeply regret them. They’re not reflective of my nature or my character.”
In a sign of the emotions surrounding Mr. Friedman, as he began his opening remarks, a protester abruptly stood up behind him, holding aloft the Palestinian flag and speaking loudly.
“We are going to win, Mr. Friedman,” he called out before being escorted away. “We were there, we are there now, and we are always going to be there. Palestinians will always be in Palestine.”
It was not the only time Mr. Friedman would be interrupted during his brief opening statement. As he and senators sat quietly, police officers removed the protesters, and some other spectators seemed agitated by the interruptions, admonishing the protesters to “sit down” and “show respect.”
Mr. Friedman’s concession made room for other difficult questions about the diplomatic policy he would be charged with carrying out. His testimony came just one day after Mr. Trump said during a news conference with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel that he could “live with” a one-state solution to the conflict between Israelis and Palestinians, apparently suggesting a break with longstanding American policy.
Mr. Friedman, an Orthodox Jew with deep investments in the settlements in the Israeli-occupied West Bank, drew a careful distinction between his words and his opinions, saying that while he regretted some of his remarks, “my views are my views.”
Yet, presenting a more humble approach, he outlined much-tempered perspectives, repeatedly emphasizing his openness to differing opinions.
Although he has been dismissive of it in the past, he said the two-state solution had received “the most thought and effort and consideration.” He later elaborated that he had not seen any evidence that Palestinians had an “appetite” for unifying under a single state.
“It still remains the best possibility for peace in the region,” he told senators, referring to the two-state solution.
Republicans expressed few doubts about Mr. Friedman’s fitness. At one point, Senator Marco Rubio of Florida grew agitated, calling it “unreal” that Democrats were demanding that Mr. Friedman explain his past statements. Mr. Rubio said that, while the two-state solution was ideal, it did not seem realistic given Palestinian leaders’ incitement of violence.
“The worst thing we can try to do is go in there and impose on our most loyal and important ally in the region a deal that is bad for their security and bad for their future,” Mr. Rubio said. Mr. Friedman said he agreed.
As Mr. Friedman was reassuring senators, Nikki R. Haley, the ambassador to the United Nations, sought to soothe concerns Thursday that Mr. Trump’s comments reflected a shift away from the broad international consensus that a two-state solution is the best path to peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians. On Wednesday, Mr. Trump said he was “looking at two-state and one-state, and I like the one that both parties like.”
Ms. Haley said the Trump administration “absolutely” supported a two-state solution.
Mr. Friedman also assured the committee that he would not push for the expansion of Israeli settlements, echoing Mr. Trump’s recent assessment that they were not “a good thing for peace.”
“They may not be helpful, and I think it makes sense to tread very carefully in that area,” Mr. Friedman said.
He also said he had agreed to sell off his business interests in the region.
While Jonathan Greenblatt, the chief executive of the Anti-Defamation League, said he had accepted Mr. Friedman’s personal apology for saying that the organization’s members sounded like “morons,” not everyone was mollified. Jeremy Ben-Ami, the president of J Street, said Mr. Friedman’s “many restrained and careful answers” and expressions of “regret” were not enough.
Senator Christopher S. Murphy, Democrat of Connecticut, said the selection of Mr. Friedman, “one of the strongest partisans on the issue,” sent a message that Mr. Trump was not interested in mending divisions over Israel.
“If that is really the intent of this administration, there are frankly a lot of other people who are better suited to play that role,” he said.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump escalated his attacks on the intelligence community on Thursday, promising to catch the “low-life leakers” who have supplied the “fake news media” with information on his administration’s ties to Russia, information that he dismissed as a political excuse for Democratic losses.
In a Twitter rant that extended into work hours, Mr. Trump at once dismissed the entire Russia story as “fake” and made up, and pledged to hunt down the officials in the government who have supplied the details. He demanded an apology from the “failing” New York Times and accused the news media of making up stories and sources, even as he said he wanted those sources apprehended.
The posts, which started around 7 a.m. and stretched past 9 a.m., appear calculated to antagonize intelligence agencies and keep supporters trained on the news media. The president is planning a campaign rally in Florida on Saturday.
Republican leaders may be growing weary. In an interview with the conservative Weekly Standard, Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, said Mr. Trump’s approval ratings — abysmal for a new president at around 40 percent — would be “10 to 15 points higher if he allowed himself to stay on message.”
Mr. McConnell singled out the president’s Twitter comments. “What he’s saying makes everything harder,” the majority leader said.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — A divided Senate confirmed Representative Mick Mulvaney of South Carolina to be President Trump’s budget director on Thursday, installing in his cabinet a fiscal hawk who will play a central role in the administration’s plans to reshape the federal government.
Mr. Mulvaney was confirmed to lead the White House Office of Management and Budget by a vote of 51 to 49, narrowly making the cut over a unified front of Democrats, joined by Senator John McCain of Arizona, the chairman of the Armed Services Committee who accused Mr. Mulvaney of being antimilitary. Mr. McCain was angered by Mr. Mulvaney’s support for firm spending limits on the Defense Department.
“I will vote to oppose Congressman Mulvaney’s nomination because it would be irresponsible to place the future of the defense budget in the hands of a person with such a record and judgment on national security,” Mr. McCain said.
Mr. Mulvaney enters the job with a busy agenda, because the administration must prepare a budget and address raising the debt limit in the coming weeks. The Trump administration has also promised to roll out a tax plan in short order. Mr. Mulvaney’s views favoring drastic changes to Medicare and raising the eligibility age for Social Security put him at odds with Mr. Trump, who campaigned as the candidate who would protect those popular entitlement programs.
Mr. Mulvaney was blamed by Democrats and some Republicans for orchestrating a government shutdown during the Obama era. His stands on spending may also clash with Mr. Trump’s promises of big, new investments in the military and infrastructure.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The family of Jared Kushner, the president’s son-in-law and senior adviser, said it would pull back from buying the Miami Marlins baseball team — for now — after it emerged that the current owner is likely to be named President Trump’s ambassador to France.
Within days, the Marlins owner Jeffrey Loria is expected to be announced for the post, a diplomatic plum among the political appointments that presidents make, according to a person briefed on the process. Mr. Loria was a six-figure donor to Mr. Trump’s joint fund-raising effort with the Republican National Committee during the campaign, and a job in the administration has been a priority of the White House chief of staff, Reince Priebus.
But there is a hitch: Mr. Loria has been in discussions with Mr. Kushner’s father and brother-in-law to sell the team. The Kushners are not keen on the appearance of an ambassadorship-for-baseball-team swap.
When word of Mr. Loria’s pending appointment became public in recent days, the Kushner family decided to remove itself from the list of possible buyers of the Marlins, at least for now.
In a statement Wednesday night from Jared Kushner’s brother-in-law, Joseph Meyer, the family made clear that it would not proceed with the deal.
“Our family has been friends with Jeff Loria for over 30 years, been in business together and even owned an AAA baseball team together,” Mr. Meyer said.
“Although the Kushners have made substantial progress in discussions for us to purchase the Marlins, recent reports suggest that Mr. Loria will soon be nominated by the president to be ambassador to France,” he said.
“If that is true, we do not want this unrelated transaction to complicate that process and will not pursue it,” he said. “The Kushners remain interested in purchasing a team and would love to buy the Marlins at another time.”
Aides to Mr. Trump declined to respond to an email seeking comment.
The overlap of official government work and private businesses of Mr. Kushner and Mr. Trump has been one of concern for ethics watchdogs.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Congressional Republicans, who craved unified control of the government to secure their aggressive conservative agenda, have instead found themselves on a legislative elliptical trainer, gliding toward nowhere.
After moving to start rolling back the Affordable Care Act just days after President Trump was sworn in last month, Republican lawmakers and Mr. Trump have yet to deliver on any of the sweeping legislation they promised. Efforts to come up with a replacement for the health care law have been stymied by disagreements among Republicans about how to proceed.
On Thursday, Mr. Trump said his administration was running like a “fine-tuned machine” and he promised health care legislation would be offered in March, followed by a tax code overhaul.
The large infrastructure bill that both Democrats and Mr. Trump were eager to pursue has barely been mentioned, other than a very general hearing to discuss well-documented needs for infrastructure improvements. Even a simple emergency spending bill that the Trump administration promised weeks ago — which was expected to include a proposal for his wall on the Mexican border — has not materialized, leaving appropriators idle and checking Twitter.
At this point in Barack Obama’s presidency, when Democrats controlled Washington, Congress had passed a stimulus bill totaling nearly $1 trillion to address the financial crisis, approved a measure preventing pay discrimination, expanded a children’s health insurance program, and begun laying the groundwork for major health care and financial regulation bills. President George W. Bush came into office with a congressional blueprint for his signature education act, No Child Left Behind.
But in the 115th Congress, the Senate has done little more than struggle to confirm Mr. Trump’s nominees, and Republicans ultimately helped force his choice for labor secretary, Andrew F. Puzder, to withdraw from consideration on Wednesday in the face of unified Democratic opposition.
The House has spent most of its time picking off a series of deregulation measures, like overturning a rule intended to protect surface water from mining operations. For his part, Mr. Trump has relied mostly on executive orders to advance policies.
The inactivity stems from a lack of clear policy guidance — and, just as often, contradictory messages — from the Trump administration, which does not appear to have spent the campaign and transition periods forming a legislative wish list.
Democrats have also led efforts to slow the confirmation of nominees to Mr. Trump’s cabinet who might otherwise be leading the charge.
“When you spend a lot of time talking about policy and debating policy in the presidential campaign, it is far easier to be specific about legislation when you get into office,” said Austan Goolsbee, who served as the chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers during the Obama administration. “President Trump spent the campaign fleshing out nothing in detail, so it’s not really a surprise that they can’t even agree on priorities, much less on actual legislative detail.”
House Republicans say slow and steady was always the plan. “We are 100 percent on pace with the 200-day plan we presented to President Trump and to members at our retreat,” Brendan Buck, a spokesman for Speaker Paul D. Ryan, wrote in an email. “Budget first (check), then regs (check), then Obamacare bill (in process and on schedule), and then tax (after Obamacare).”
But even Democrats, who had been gearing up for fights and compromises on health care, a tax overhaul, infrastructure and other policy matters, are bored and frustrated. “It’s painful for someone like me who was excited about infrastructure and tax reform,” said Representative Jim Himes, Democrat of Connecticut. “It seems like the administration and the majority are nowhere.”
Congressional Republicans seem wary of offering their own bills, lest Mr. Trump or one of his aides, who have largely been distracted by personnel and intelligence scandals, undercut their efforts. This was most visible when Mr. Trump demanded that Republicans come up with a replacement plan for a health care law they had hoped to simply repeal, sending members flailing. The administration also gave conflicting messages on a tax plan embraced by House Republicans that would apply the corporate tax rate to all imports while exempting exports.
“On our side, it’s pretty clear who drives policy,” said a Republican aide who spoke on the condition of anonymity to avoid being written about by Mr. Trump on Twitter. “But take any issue and try to figure that out from their side.”
Is the leading influence Mr. Trump’s policy adviser, Stephen Miller, who presents himself as the voice of the White House? Or the president’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner? Or Vice President Mike Pence? No one seems to know.
Huge overhauls of the nation’s health and tax systems — long congressional Republicans’ fantasy — are hard under the best of circumstances. When Democrats run Congress, “it’s easier for them to move ahead because they’re looking for ways to expand and grow government,” said Senator Jeff Flake, Republican of Arizona. “Republicans are looking to rein government in.”
Republicans say things would be going great if only Democrats would allow Mr. Trump his cabinet. Under current Senate rules, Democrats are unable to filibuster any of the nominees, but they have gone out of their way to use procedural tools to drag out the process, partly because many of the president’s choices are contentious, and partly because of their antipathy for Mr. Trump. Their lone victory so far: toppling Mr. Puzder.
“They have undertaken the most unprecedented obstruction of cabinet nominees in history,” Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, said on the Senate floor on Wednesday. The Senate is also preparing for battle over Mr. Trump’s nominee for the Supreme Court, Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, who has been meeting with senators. “So far, Democrats are gumming up the works,” said Senator Patrick J. Toomey, Republican of Pennsylvania. “We will persevere. We will work our way through it.”
But if every nominee were magically confirmed tomorrow, “where would they go next?” asked Senator Richard J. Durbin, Democrat of Illinois. “There is no leadership there.”
Indeed, a largely policy-free campaign left the Trump administration flat-footed from the start, and questions about his campaign’s communications with Russia and other distractions have prevented serious lawmaking discussions.
Some Republicans are frustrated that even social policy bills that have long been mainstays in the House, but died in the Senate or were vetoed by Mr. Obama, are not moving forward. “I’m much more concerned about what we are not doing in the House relative to these core value issues,” said Representative Jim Jordan, Republican of Ohio.
There have been some tentative steps toward cooperation, like an examination of Russian involvement in the presidential election. “To date, the Republicans have been pretty constructive partners on things like Russian hacking,” Mr. Himes said.
But that collaboration has its limits. A bill that would force the Trump administration to consult Congress before taking any steps to lift sanctions on Russia has been waylaid.
“We’ve got to have a government functioning first,” said Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, a sponsor of the bill.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — In an extraordinarily swift return to politicking after a tumultuous first month in office, the White House on Wednesday said President Trump will hold the first campaign rally of his four-week-old administration on Saturday.
The rally, to be held in an airplane hangar in Melbourne, Fla., is an indication that Mr. Trump, who has sometimes felt isolated in the White House, is eager to get outside of Washington and relive the rapturous reception that greeted him during the presidential campaign. Mr. Trump exulted in large crowds assembled at cavernous venues throughout his 2016 bid, and spent the first days of his presidency quibbling over how many Americans attended his inauguration.
On Wednesday, during a joint news conference with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel, Mr. Trump answered a question about whether his administration was flirting with xenophobia and racism in part by noting the support he received in the election.
“I just want to say that we are very honored by the victory that we had — 306 Electoral College votes,” Mr. Trump said. “There’s tremendous enthusiasm out there.”
Not long after, in a posting on Twitter, Mr. Trump invited his nearly 25 million followers to attend the Saturday evening event, which will take place just up the coast from his Mar-a-Lago retreat in Palm Beach where he plans to spend the weekend. It will be his third weekend in a row on Florida’s Gold Coast.
“We are going to put America back to work,” a message accompanying the posting said. “We are going to put people before government.”
The White House would not provide any additional information about the rally. Officials referred questions to a member of Mr. Trump’s political organization, who also did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
“It’s being run by the campaign,” Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said on Wednesday, without elaborating. He would not say why the president would be holding a campaign rally so soon after taking office.
The rally will be only the second public appearance by Mr. Trump outside of Washington since he took office. On Friday, he is scheduled to visit a Boeing plant in North Charleston, S.C., for the unveiling of the aerospace manufacturer’s new Dreamliner aircraft.
Mr. Trump filed paperwork with the Federal Election Commission for his 2020 re-election campaign on Jan. 20, the day he was sworn in. That allowed him to continue to accept contributions — including proceeds from the sales of his popular red “Make America Great Again” hats — without running afoul of the law.
Mr. Trump ended the 2016 campaign flush with funds, in part because of substantial sales of the hats. At the end of 2016, he had $7,611,702.92 cash on hand and no debt.
The rally comes at a precarious time for Mr. Trump, as his White House is reeling from personnel turmoil and has yet to score any legislative victories. On Tuesday, he accepted the resignation of his national security adviser, Michael T. Flynn, who had become embroiled in allegations that he had improper contacts with Russian officials before Mr. Trump took office. That was followed on Wednesday by the abrupt withdrawal of Andrew F. Puzder, the president’s nominee to be secretary of labor, amid allegations that he had abused his ex-wife and employed an illegal immigrant.
Mr. Trump had vowed to move quickly to put his policy agenda in place once in the White House. But his effort to use executive power to crack down on immigration has faltered in the face of legal challenges, and his administration has yet to issue a proposal either for repealing the health care law he railed against during the campaign or enacting the tax overhaul he has promised.
Larry M. Noble, the general counsel of the Campaign Legal Center, a nonpartisan group, said he was not aware of any president having held a campaign rally this early in his tenure.
“Usually, they are too busy trying to get their administration in place,” Mr. Noble said. “More importantly, normally the president wants to delay candidate status so that he can travel as president making speeches, announcing new policies and actions, promoting his agenda and attacking his opponents in Congress without having to use campaign funds.”
Barack Obama did not file his statement of candidacy for re-election until April 2011, more than two years after he took office, while George W. Bush waited until May of 2003 and Bill Clinton until April of 1995.
Mr. Trump may be moving now, Mr. Noble said, to ensure he can address a friendly crowd devoid of protesters.
“My guess is that he intends to control who is invited to the rally and press access by calling the rally a candidate event and paying for it out of campaign funds,” Mr. Noble said. “If it was an official White House event, he would have less control over it.”
Mr. Trump is likely to travel to the event on Air Force One and will have a sizable contingent of Secret Service and staff aides with him, as presidents always do when they travel. Campaign finance laws dictate that the cost of such a flight be shared between the campaign organizing the rally and the White House.
It is not abnormal for a sitting president to hold a political rally in the months before an election, and Mr. Trump has said he plans to campaign actively for Republicans who support him and against Democrats who seek to stymie his agenda. But Mr. Trump’s return to the campaign trail on Saturday is unusually early. Even the midterm congressional elections for members of Congress are still 21 months away.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump plans to assign a New York billionaire to lead a broad review of American intelligence agencies, according to administration officials, an effort that members of the intelligence community fear could curtail their independence and reduce the flow of information that contradicts the president’s worldview.
The possible role for Stephen A. Feinberg, a co-founder of Cerberus Capital Management, has met fierce resistance among intelligence officials already on edge because of the criticism the intelligence community has received from Mr. Trump during the campaign and since he became president. On Wednesday, Mr. Trump blamed leaks from the intelligence community for the departure of Michael T. Flynn, his national security adviser, whose resignation he requested.
There has been no announcement of Mr. Feinberg’s job, which would be based in the White House, but he recently told his company’s shareholders that he is in discussions to join the Trump administration. He is a member of Mr. Trump’s economic advisory council.
Mr. Feinberg, who has close ties to Stephen K. Bannon, Mr. Trump’s chief strategist, and Jared Kushner, the president’s son-in-law, declined to comment on his possible position. The White House, which is still working out the details of the intelligence review, also would not comment.
Bringing Mr. Feinberg into the administration to conduct the review is seen as a way of injecting a Trump loyalist into a world the White House views with suspicion. But top intelligence officials fear that Mr. Feinberg is being groomed for a high position in one of the intelligence agencies.
Mr. Bannon and Mr. Kushner, according to current and former intelligence officials and Republican lawmakers, had at one point considered Mr. Feinberg for either director of national intelligence or chief of the Central Intelligence Agency’s clandestine service, a role that is normally reserved for career intelligence officers, not friends of the president. Mr. Feinberg’s only experience with national security matters is his firm’s stakes in a private security company and two gun makers.
On an array of issues — including the Iran nuclear deal, the utility of NATO, and how best to combat Islamist militancy — much of the information and analysis produced by American intelligence agencies contradicts the policy positions of the new administration. The divide is starkest when it comes to Russia and President Vladimir V. Putin, whom Mr. Trump has repeatedly praised while dismissing American intelligence assessments that Moscow sought to promote his own candidacy.
Against this backdrop, Mr. Trump has appointed Mike Pompeo, a former Republican congressman from Kansas, to run the C.I.A., and former Senator Dan Coats, an Indiana Republican, to be the director of national intelligence (he is still awaiting confirmation). Both were the preferred choices of the Republican congressional leadership and Vice President Mike Pence and had no close or longstanding ties to Mr. Trump. In fact, they each endorsed Senator Marco Rubio of Florida for president during the 2016 Republican primaries.
But the potential White House role for Mr. Feinberg follows intense speculation among intelligence professionals that Mr. Feinberg is in line for a powerful position within the intelligence community.
Reports that Mr. Feinberg was under consideration to run the clandestine service rocked the intelligence community in recent weeks, raising the prospect of direct White House control over America’s spies at a time when Mr. Trump’s ties to Mr. Putin are under investigation by the F.B.I. and congressional committees.
The last time an outsider with no intelligence experience took the job was in the early days of the Reagan administration, when Max Hugel, a businessman who had worked on Mr. Reagan’s campaign, was named to run the spy service. His tenure at the C.I.A. was marked by turmoil and questions about the politicization of the agency. He was forced to resign after six months, amid accusations about his past business dealings. (He later won a libel case against the two brothers who made the accusations.)
Even the prospect that Mr. Feinberg may lead a review for the White House has raised concerns in the intelligence community.
Mr. Coats is especially angry at what he sees as a move by Mr. Bannon and Mr. Kushner to sideline him before he is even confirmed, according to current and former officials. He believes the review would impinge on a central part of his role as the director of national intelligence and fears that if Mr. Feinberg were working at the White House, he could quickly become a dominant voice on intelligence matters.
Michael V. Hayden, a retired general who ran the C.I.A. and the National Security Agency during President George W. Bush’s administration, said it was hard to wrap his head around “the idea of a D.N.I. nominee in the confirmation process while others consider retooling the position.”
“I think I’d be concerned, too,” he said.
The challenge is less immediate for Mr. Pompeo. He does not see an urgent need for a review of the intelligence community, according to current and former American officials, but sees it as better than the appointment of Mr. Feinberg to a job with actual authority over daily intelligence operations.
Many intelligence officials question what purpose a White House intelligence review would serve other than to position Mr. Feinberg for a larger role in the future. Most significant changes to the intelligence community would require an act of Congress, a fact that would ultimately blunt whatever ideas or proposals Mr. Feinberg came up with. Even with a Republican majority in both houses, getting Congress to agree to major changes to intelligence agencies seems unlikely.
It is difficult to “object to someone putting fresh eyes on the organization of the intelligence community,” Mr. Hayden said. “But, even though the D.N.I. staff has become far too large, I don’t think any of us think a major restructuring of the community is in order.”
Tensions between the intelligence community and the White House have already played out on several fronts. Before Mr. Flynn was forced out, one of his top aides, Robin Townley, was denied a security clearance by the C.I.A. But distrust of the intelligence community has been building for years in conservative political circles, where the C.I.A. during the Obama administration was seen as heavily politicized.
Representative Steve King, Republican of Iowa, said in a recent interview that some officials in the intelligence community were trustworthy but “not all.”
“People there need to be rooted out,” Mr. King said.
Another Republican lawmaker said that the predominant view at the White House is also that the politicians in the intelligence agencies need to be cleaned out.
Through Cerberus, his private equity company, Mr. Feinberg has strong ties to the government contracting industry. Cerberus owns DynCorp International, which has had a wide array of large contracts providing security to the State Department and other agencies. DynCorp is now locked in a major legal dispute over the fate of a $10 billion State Department contract that it previously held to provide air support for counternarcotics operations overseas.
John F. Kelly, the new Homeland Security secretary, was paid $166,000 a year as a DynCorp adviser until he was named to the new administration.
Cerberus also owns Remington Outdoor, a major firearms manufacturer.
In 2008, Mr. Feinberg also considered investing in Blackwater, the security firm founded by Erik Prince, a former member of the Navy SEALs, before it was ultimately acquired by other investors.
New York magazine reported last year that Mr. Feinberg went to Blackwater’s North Carolina compound in 2005 to take firearms training.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — In a city where expense account meals are a central part of power players’ lives, some of Washington’s best-known restaurants will close their doors on Thursday in solidarity with a national campaign to draw attention to the power and plight of immigrants.
The campaign, spread on social media and messaging apps, has called for a “day without immigrants.” It asks foreign-born people nationwide, regardless of legal status, not to go to work or go shopping in a demonstration of the importance of their labor and consumer spending to the United States’ economy.
Activists and groups in cities across the country have picked up the call, reposting fliers found online, and in some cases organizing demonstrations to coincide with the event. Several activists said that they did not know how the campaign began or how many people would heed it, and that as far as they knew, there was no national organization behind it.
But the dining scene in Washington, where the new Trump administration is taking a hard line on immigration and deportation, took notice. At least a few dozen restaurants in and around the Beltway have committed to staying closed on Thursday. Others have said they would offer limited service in the expectation that many of their employees would be out for the day. Some restaurants in other cities, including several of the Blue Ribbon restaurants in New York, have joined in.
José Andrés, the famed Spanish-born chef who has tangled publicly with President Trump before, said his restaurants Zaytinya and Oyamel, and three Jaleo restaurants, all in the Washington area, would be closed for the day. In 2015, after Mr. Trump made disparaging comments about Mexican immigrants, Mr. Andrés pulled out of an agreement to open a restaurant in Mr. Trump’s new hotel near the White House, and they have since sued each other over the dispute.
Andy Shallal, a native of Iraq, said his popular Busboys and Poets chain of six restaurants in the Washington area would also close on Thursday, and he noted that he is among the more than 40 million people in the United States who came from other countries. “As an immigrant I am proud to stand in solidarity w/ my brothers & sisters,” he wrote on Twitter.
His daughter, Laela Shallal, who manages finance and marketing for the company, said employees could choose between using some of their paid leave on Thursday, or going to work to clean or organize the restaurants and offices.
“We think that this is really something that a lot of our staff feels really passionate about,” she said. “We’re taking their side, so that they feel the company they work for is living up to their values.”
Amaya Sales, a kitchen manager at the Busboys and Poets restaurant in the Brookland neighborhood of Washington, said workers first approached management early this week about taking part. “It’s just to, like, show most of America how much important we are to do the hard work in the United States,” Mr. Sales said.
In a city with more than 2,000 restaurants, the day of closures and absences may not be enough to prevent anyone from getting a table. But given the upscale, popular businesses involved, it will be noticed.
An immigrant advocacy group, Cosecha (the Spanish word for harvest), has been planning a day without immigrants on May 1. Maria Fernanda Cabello, a Cosecha organizer, said it was not behind Thursday’s campaign, but viewed it as something of a dry run, and was working with some local groups that were promoting it.
“We don’t know where this started, and as far as we know, there isn’t anyone putting it all together,” Ms. Cabello said. “We started seeing messages about it in different cities a few weeks ago, and it’s really picked up in the last couple of days.”
Adding to the uncertainty, a variety of fliers and Facebook pages were used online to promote the campaign, some announcing demonstrations or urging people to patronize immigrant-owned businesses, while others did not.
Owners of some smaller businesses said that they supported the idea but that the campaign was too hastily organized to justify closing. Josh Phillips, a co-owner of Espita Mezcaleria in Washington, said that rather than close, he wanted to donate a portion of his restaurant’s proceeds on Thursday to the organizers of the campaign. But, he said, “we still don’t know who’s organizing it.”
Each dinner receipt, Mr. Phillips said, will be inscribed with the phrase, “This meal was made possible by immigrants.”
Ivan Iricanin, who owns Ambar, a Balkan restaurant with locations in Washington and Arlington, Va., said that after meeting with his staff on Monday, he decided to keep the restaurants open. But, he said, about seven of his 100 employees chose not to work on Thursday.
“It’s kind of a lot of questions that were unanswered,” Mr. Iricanin, 39, said, “and that’s why I think that some people are all for it and some are in between.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — As a candidate for president, Donald J. Trump embraced the hackers who had leaked Hillary Clinton’s emails to the press, declaring at a rally in Pennsylvania, “I love WikiLeaks!”
To the cheering throngs that night, Mr. Trump marveled that “nothing is secret today when you talk about the internet.” The leakers, he said, had performed a public service by revealing what he called a scandal with no rival in United States history.
Now, after less than four weeks in the Oval Office, President Trump has changed his mind.
At a news conference on Wednesday and in a series of Twitter postings earlier in the day, Mr. Trump angrily accused intelligence agencies of illegally leaking information about Michael T. Flynn, his former national security adviser, who resigned after reports that he had lied about conversations with the Russian ambassador.
“It’s a criminal action, criminal act,” Mr. Trump fumed at the White House. In a Twitter message, he asserted that “the real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by ‘intelligence’ like candy. Very un-American!”
But this is Washington, where leaks are common currency — and, depending what side you’re on, either sinister or patriotic. Democrats these days see the proliferation of leaks about the Trump administration as the acts of public servants revealing the misdeeds of a presidency. Republicans see them as the reckless actions of disgruntled bureaucrats eager to advance their own agendas and sabotage Mr. Trump.
Either way, Mr. Trump’s presidential flip-flop follows a landmark month for Washington leaks.
Drafts of his executive orders floated around the city for days before he signed them. Parts of the president’s conversations with foreign leaders have been published verbatim in news accounts. Agency memos and cables have been repeatedly cited by journalists to document anxiety among the city’s civil servants.
And an endless stream of articles about the connections between Trump advisers and Russia have been generated by leaks from intelligence and law enforcement sources. There are so many, in fact, that in one article about Mr. Flynn, The Washington Post cited an unusually large number of sources, beyond the customary two: “Nine current and former officials, who were in senior positions at multiple agencies at the time of the calls.”
Laura R. Handman, a lawyer who represents news organizations on First Amendment issues, said of Mr. Trump, “He will not be the first president who has decried leaks once they become president.”
“That does seem to be pretty much a constant in the Oval Office,” she said. “It’s definitely true that he embraced them when the shoe was on the other foot.”
Over the last several days, leaks about Mr. Flynn and the broader issue of communications with Russia have created the president’s first major scandal, forcing Mr. Flynn to step down and leading to calls on Capitol Hill for investigations.
But Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said that too little attention had been paid to how the information about Mr. Flynn was made public in the first place.
“It was through a leak of classified information through the Department of Justice and presumably the intel community,” Mr. Spicer said. “Those are the only ones that have access to that information.”
“The idea that there’s been zero attention paid to an issue of that sensitivity should be concerning and alarming,” he said.
Mr. Trump’s Republican allies followed up on Mr. Spicer’s lead by demanding to know who in the government has been leaking to the news media.
Representative Devin Nunes, Republican of California and the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, told Fox News that his committee would be “asking the F.B.I. to do an assessment of this to tell us what’s going on here, because we cannot continue to have these leaks as a government.”
Other Republicans have been circumspect about whether they intend to support investigations into the Russian connections. Some, including Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican leader, support an inquiry by the intelligence committees. But Mr. McConnell has rejected the need for a select committee to investigate the issue.
“We know how to do our work,” Mr. McConnell said on MSNBC. “We have an Intelligence Committee.”
In Mr. Trump’s remarks at the White House, the president appeared to press for an inquiry on how information about Mr. Flynn’s communications with the Russians became known publicly.
“It’s been going on for a long time before me, but now it’s really going on,” Mr. Trump said of the leaks, accusing those who spread the information of “trying to cover up” for Mrs. Clinton’s loss in the election last year. Mr. Trump added that there were “documents and papers that were illegally — I stress that, illegally leaked.”
If Republicans succeed in guiding those committees to focus more on leaks — rather than on the underlying information they reveal — they will be following a well-worn path.
President Barack Obama, a Democrat, waged a furious war against leaks during his eight years in office, prosecuting more whistle-blowers than all of his predecessors combined.
Joel Kurtzberg, a partner at Cahill, Gordon & Reindel who specializes in First Amendment cases, said Mr. Obama’s actions had served to discourage public officials from disclosing information that revealed wrongdoing or was embarrassing to the administration.
“I would be concerned that, this early on, there is a public call to start a leak investigation, and really chill the divulgence of newsworthy information,” Mr. Kurtzberg said. “It is a very important thing for the press to be able to report on truthful information.”
Journalists who work in Washington are often criticized for their use of anonymous sources and for publishing information that is sensitive or classified. That criticism often comes from those in power — which now includes Mr. Trump and his aides.
“It’s been the case in Republican and Democratic administrations that presidents have not liked it,” said Leonard Downie Jr., a former Washington Post executive editor who is now a journalism professor at Arizona State University.
Mr. Downie said he had been surprised by the volume of information leaked to reporters in just the first three weeks of Mr. Trump’s presidency, apparently from people inside the government that Mr. Trump now leads.
“I would be concerned if this administration followed suit and began to try to punish people” who are responsible for leaking that information or publishing it, Mr. Downie said.
For his part, the president appeared eager to do just that.
In his Twitter messages, Mr. Trump railed against the “fake news media,” which he accused of engaging in conspiracy theories and “blind hatred,” apparently directed against him or his aides.
“Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes & @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?),” Mr. Trump wrote in one post. “Just like Russia.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The fast-food executive Andrew F. Puzder withdrew his nomination to be labor secretary on Wednesday as Republican senators turned sharply against him, the latest defeat for a White House besieged by infighting and struggling for traction even with a Republican-controlled Congress.
The toppling of one of President Trump’s cabinet picks was a victory for Democrats, unions and liberal groups that had been attacking Mr. Puzder’s business record and his character since he was chosen in December. Conservative publications, including National Review and Breitbart, had also expressed resistance, zeroing in on Mr. Puzder’s employment of an undocumented immigrant as his housekeeper.
And records from his 1988 divorce, disseminated Tuesday night by opponents, resurfaced spousal abuse accusations that made some Republican senators uncomfortable. His ex-wife had recanted those accusations, but senators from both parties privately screened a videotape from “The Oprah Winfrey Show” that featured her laying out the charges while in disguise.
The opposition from Republicans was broad, and the reasons varied. Among the senators who expressed concerns were John Thune of South Dakota, Rob Portman of Ohio, Thom Tillis of North Carolina, Susan Collins of Maine, Johnny Isakson of Georgia, Lisa Murkowski of Alaska and Tim Scott of South Carolina, more than enough to scuttle the nomination.
A spokesman for Mr. Puzder, George Thompson, said his treatment had been “an unprecedented smear campaign.”
In a statement, Mr. Puzder thanked the president and those who supported him for their optimism about the “policies and new thinking” he would have brought to the job.
Mr. Puzder’s withdrawal came two days after the resignation of Mr. Trump’s national security adviser, Michael T. Flynn. Earlier this month, his nominee for Army secretary, the billionaire financier Vincent Viola, also withdrew his name from consideration, saying he could not disentangle his business connections. And his secretary of education, Betsy DeVos, was confirmed only after Vice President Mike Pence cast a tiebreaking vote.
The Senate must still vote on the nomination of Representative Mick Mulvaney of South Carolina to be Mr. Trump’s budget director, over the loud objection of Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, who took to the Senate floor again Wednesday to accuse Mr. Mulvaney, a hard-line conservative, of being anti-military.
“This is not personal. This is not political. This is about principle,” Mr. McCain said. “This is about my conviction as chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee that providing for the common defense is our highest constitutional duty.”
Mr. Trump’s nominee to head the Environmental Protection Agency, Scott Pruitt, is facing a revolt by E.P.A. employees scrambling to block him. Ms. Collins declared her opposition to him Wednesday.
Republicans blamed Democratic obstruction, not the quality of the president’s choices, for the arduous confirmation process.
“I think when you have to put all this energy into an unreasonable nominations process, it takes away the energy that could better be used for other things,” Senator Roy Blunt of Missouri said.
Democrats cheered Mr. Puzder’s withdrawal as a victory for working Americans. The Labor Department regulates workplace safety, enforces wage and hour laws, maintains unemployment and payroll data, and is generally seen as an advocate for workers. Mr. Puzder, at the helm of his fast-food company, ardently opposed the Affordable Care Act, cast a skeptical eye on minimum wage and overtime rules, and pledged an assault on regulations that he said in his withdrawal statement would “put America’s workers and businesses back on a path to sustainable prosperity.”
Some critics also cast him as sexist, denouncing fast-food advertisements he championed that featured bikini-clad women eating monstrous hamburgers.
“The simple truth is that, given his relationship to employees at the companies he runs, he was not fit to lead a department responsible for defending workers’ rights,” said Senator Bernie Sanders, an independent from Vermont who ran for the Democratic presidential nomination last year.
Senator Chuck Schumer, the Democratic leader, called on Mr. Trump to nominate someone who supported the rights of workers rather than suppressed them.
“Puzder should never have even been nominated to lead the Labor Department, and Senate Republicans clearly recognized this, too,” Mr. Schumer said. “The fact that someone so anti-labor was even nominated shows how far President Trump is from where he campaigned.”
As the chief executive of CKE Restaurants, which owns the Hardee’s and Carl’s Jr. fast-food chains, Mr. Puzder had come under intense criticism from Democrats and liberal groups that accused him of mistreating his workers and supporting automation in the workplace. The intense scrutiny of his personal life compounded his troubles.
His hearing was repeatedly delayed as he sought to extricate himself from his business and investments. Democrats, who organized screenings of the video of his wife detailing her allegations of abuse, were preparing to make his marriage an issue and to question him about his company’s salacious TV ads. However, as recently as last week, he had said through a spokesman that he was “all in” to move forward.
Despite the growing backlash, the White House and Republican leaders tried to rally support around him last week, arguing that no nominee was perfect.
“I think Andy Puzder is an outstanding choice,” said Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, who counted himself a friend of Mr. Puzder’s. “We’re always looking for nominees who have never made a mistake. Frequently, it’s impossible to find nominees who have never made a mistake.”
Republicans quietly acknowledged the setback as they saluted Mr. Puzder.
“Andy Puzder has the experience and ability to make an excellent labor secretary, but I respect his decision,” said Senator Lamar Alexander of Tennessee, the chairman of the labor committee.
Mr. Trump ignored questions about Mr. Puzder after a meeting with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel on Wednesday afternoon, but he will be under pressure to quickly find a replacement.
While labor groups and supporters of a higher minimum wage opposed Mr. Puzder, some in corporate America had been optimistic that he would understand the plight of businesses and relieve companies of regulations.
The National Restaurant Association, the industry’s lobbying group and one of Mr. Puzder’s biggest backers, lamented his treatment on Wednesday and expressed hope that Mr. Trump would choose someone else in his mold.
“It is extremely unfortunate that the confirmation process has resulted in a qualified and dedicated man withdrawing from the labor secretary nomination,” said Cicely Simpson, executive vice president of the association. “We hope that President Trump’s next labor secretary nominee, like Andy, has experience creating jobs and a deep understanding how to get business and government to work together to grow the economy.”
Jim Talent, a former Missouri senator, had been helping prepare Mr. Puzder for his confirmation hearing and said he was ready to answer the questions about his family and his business record. After it became clear to Mr. Puzder that he did not have sufficient Republican support, Mr. Talent said, he decided to drop out.
“Nobody likes a process where you’re attacked all the time,” Mr. Talent said. “He was looking forward to being able to address these concerns, particularly the ones about his family.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Democrats see a scandal “bigger than Watergate.” Republicans see a Russia-size obstacle to conservative legislation.
The result, so far, is that aggressive oversight of ties between President Trump’s campaign associates and Russian intelligence is far from assured on Capitol Hill.
While a handful of leading Republicans on Wednesday acknowledged growing concerns about the Trump team’s connections to Russia, most declined to embrace the kind of wide-scale investigation that their Democratic counterparts are demanding, leaving the minority party with few clear recourses as the controversy escalates.
“I’ve been in Congress for a long time; I’ve never seen anything like this,” Senator Chuck Schumer, the Democratic leader from New York, said after an emergency caucus meeting on Wednesday. “Nothing less than our system of checks and balances, democratic institutions, the rule of law and our national security is at stake.”
Mr. Schumer and Democrats called on their former Senate colleague, Jeff Sessions, the new attorney general and a top Trump campaign supporter, to recuse himself from any review. (Advisers to Mr. Sessions have said he sees no need to do so.) They demanded that any relevant records from the administration, transition or campaign be preserved. And they asked that former campaign and transition associates testify “in public, under oath,” a request Republicans have not echoed.
Pressed on how he hoped to proceed if Republicans declined to join his calls, Mr. Schumer demurred. “Let me just say, it’s the right thing to do,” he said. Throughout his news conference, the tone seemed telling, signaling Democrats’ reliance on at least some Republican support for their efforts: Absent were any taunting attacks on Republicans — as have been common in the fight over Mr. Trump’s cabinet selections — replaced by earnest-sounding pleas for collaboration.
At the same time, other Democrats seethed over what they saw as a double standard at the F.B.I. before the election, when the Trump campaign’s possible ties to Russia first received attention.
Last summer, James B. Comey, the F.B.I. director, broke with protocol and tradition when he held a news conference to discuss the agency’s decision not to bring criminal charges against Hillary Clinton for keeping classified information on a private email server. Then, days before the election, he informed Congress — and by extension the public — that the F.B.I. was investigating newly discovered emails related to that case.
Those decisions entangled the bureau in the presidential campaign in a way that made many agents deeply uncomfortable. But there are differences between the Clinton case and the investigation into Trump’s advisers. Most important, Mr. Comey spoke about the Clinton case only after it was closed. The Trump-related investigation is open, and it involves matters involving continuing classified surveillance.
Mrs. Clinton’s allies have been unmoved.
“I’d like the FBI to explain why they sent a letter about Clinton but not this,” Robby Mook, Mrs. Clinton’s campaign manager, wrote on Twitter.
The remarks followed a New York Times article on Tuesday that said that members of Mr. Trump’s 2016 presidential campaign and other Trump associates had repeated contacts with senior Russian intelligence officials before the election.
This week, Mr. Trump’s former national security adviser, Michael T. Flynn, resigned after reports that he had discussed Obama administration sanctions with Russia’s ambassador to the United States before Mr. Trump took office.
On Wednesday, the leaders of the Senate Judiciary Committee — Senator Chuck Grassley, Republican of Iowa, and Senator Dianne Feinstein, Democrat of California — issued a letter requesting a Justice Department briefing and access to relevant documents concerning Mr. Flynn’s resignation.
Across Washington, Democrats marveled at the pace of revelations. “This is already bigger than Watergate,” Zac Petkanas, a senior adviser to the Democratic National Committee and a former Clinton campaign aide, said of the most recent reports on Wednesday. “Nothing short of a special select committee with open hearings, a bipartisan 9/11-style commission and the appointment of a special counsel at the Department of Justice is remotely acceptable.”
Before the latest report, most Republicans deflected questions about the Trump White House, supporting efforts to investigate Russian interference in the 2016 election but taking care not to antagonize a sitting Republican president.
On Wednesday, some top Republicans allowed that the episode threatened to upend their legislative agenda, which includes dismantling the Affordable Care Act and pursuing tax overhaul.
“This is disruptive,” said Senator Bob Corker, Republican of Tennessee and the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee. He said lawmakers had to “figure out a way to get all this out and known and behind us,” adding that the latest reports had “influenced my thinking as to how we need to get it out there” but declining to offer more specifics.
On Tuesday, Republican leaders in the Senate said that it was likely that Mr. Flynn would be asked to speak to the Intelligence Committee, which is looking into Russian interference in the election.
On Wednesday, Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina was the rare Republican to announce even conditional support for a select committee to investigate “all things related to Russia,” provided he could verify for himself that there had been contacts between the campaign and Russia.
“The accusations regarding the Trump campaign’s ties to Russia are creating a cloud over the White House,” Mr. Graham said in a statement. “They should be fairly investigated by the Congress in a bipartisan manner. It would serve the president’s interests to get to the bottom of this so he can move forward with his agenda.”
Democrats echoed this point, suggesting that the legislative body could be stymied in perpetuity without a satisfactory plan to investigate.
“There’s only one or two times in your political career where you face a moment like this,” Senator Christopher S. Murphy, Democrat of Connecticut, said of Republicans, urging them to put country ahead of party. “I don’t want a completely dysfunctional legislative process here, but so long as there’s no process to unfold the rest of the story, it’s hard to figure out how anything gets done.”
One area of bipartisan agreement appears to be Russian sanctions. Six senators — three from each party — announced legislation last week that would require congressional approval for Mr. Trump to lift sanctions against Russia.
The House has also taken up the cause, and Democrats say at least a handful of House Republicans are supportive. Representative Steny H. Hoyer of Maryland, the No. 2 House Democrat, and the senior Democrats on two crucial committees, said the bill would ensure Russia would not receive sanctions relief “until it earns it.”
But unlike her counterparts in the Senate, Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, the Democratic leader, seemed eager to needle Republicans who had not yet committed to a robust investigation of ties to Russia in the Trump orbit.
Such lawmakers would be “complicit with an endangerment of our national security,” she said. “They will be stonewalling. And they’re going to have to answer for that.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The Trump administration proposed new rules on Wednesday to stabilize health insurance markets roiled by efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act, by big increases in premiums and by the exodus of major insurers.
The move came a day after Humana announced that, starting next year, it would completely withdraw from the public marketplaces created by former President Barack Obama’s signature domestic achievement.
The proposed rules, backed by insurance companies, would tighten certain enrollment procedures and cut the health law’s open enrollment period in half, in hopes that a smaller but healthier consumer base will put the marketplaces on sounder financial footing and attract more insurance companies in states with limited choices.
But part of the market’s problem stems from President Trump’s determination to repeal the health law while the White House and Congress struggle to find a politically acceptable replacement. Even as the Department of Health and Human Services worked to answer insurance company concerns, the Internal Revenue Service and Congress were taking steps that could add uncertainty to the jittery insurance economy.
On Capitol Hill, conservatives declared that they are not about to accept a health law replacement that remotely resembles the Affordable Care Act. And the I.R.S. adopted a policy for the coming tax season that could weaken the requirement for people to have insurance. The tax agency said it was reversing one aspect of an Obama administration plan after Mr. Trump, on his first day in office, issued an executive order instructing agencies to reduce burdens imposed by compliance with the Affordable Care Act wherever legally possible.
The proposed rules signal the Trump administration’s urgency in trying to keep other insurers from fleeing the market after Humana’s departure. The company said on Tuesday that it was losing money by insuring too many sick people without enough healthy ones enrolling. Humana had already scaled back its participation to 11 states this year, from 19 in 2016.
Mark T. Bertolini, the chief executive of Aetna, said Wednesday that the marketplaces were in “a death spiral,” and at a conference sponsored by The Wall Street Journal, he declined to say if his company would participate next year. And Molina Healthcare, one of the few insurers that seemed to be financially successful under the health law, reported on Wednesday that it was losing money in the marketplaces. It threatened to drop out if its concerns about a risk-sharing program requiring the company to pay hundreds of millions of dollars to other insurers were not addressed.
Dr. Patrick H. Conway, the acting administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, said the rules proposed on Wednesday “will help protect Americans enrolled in the individual and small group health insurance markets while future reforms are being debated.”
But Democrats and consumer groups denounced the proposed rules, saying they would make it more difficult for people to enroll and increase costs for some consumers.
Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon, the senior Democrat on the Finance Committee, said the rules sent “a clear message to the American people: Patients are not a priority, and insurance companies are back in charge.”
Under the proposed rules, the annual open enrollment period would be reduced to about six weeks from two months. The shorter time frame would be similar to the open enrollment periods for Medicare and for many employer-sponsored health plans.
But the administration acknowledged that the shorter sign-up period “could lead to a reduction in enrollees, primarily younger and healthier enrollees” who often sign up near the deadline.
Other parts of the rules would limit opportunities for people to hold off on buying insurance until they get sick, a phenomenon that has loaded many health plans offered under the Affordable Care Act with more expensive, sick customers than they expected. By manipulating a system that now precludes insurers from rejecting customers with pre-existing medical conditions, consumers are avoiding the purchase of insurance when they are healthy and rushing in when they need it, insurers say.
The rules also would require consumers to provide “supporting documentation” to prove they were eligible to enroll in health plans through HealthCare.gov outside the standard open enrollment season. The administration estimated that 650,000 people annually could have their enrollment delayed because of the new requirement to verify eligibility.
People can sign up after the deadline if they experience certain “life changes” like having a baby, getting married or losing employer-sponsored insurance. Insurers have told the government for several years that people who sign up in a special enrollment period use up to 50 percent more services than those who sign up in the regular enrollment season.
Insurers and Republican members of Congress welcomed the proposed changes, which will be published in the Federal Register on Friday, giving the public until March 7 to comment. Final rules are likely to be issued in March or April. Insurers must decide by early May what kinds of health plans they will offer in 2018.
Senator Lamar Alexander, Republican of Tennessee and chairman of the Senate health committee, said the proposals were “important first steps to rescue a collapsing Obamacare individual market.’’
But insurers cautioned that the proposed rules, while helpful, would in no way provide a solution if, in a few weeks, Republicans introduce legislation to repeal major provisions of the Affordable Care Act, such as the requirement for most Americans to have coverage.
Christopher W. Hansen, the president of the advocacy arm of the American Cancer Society, said the tighter restrictions on special enrollment periods could “cause problems for cancer patients,” delaying treatment and reducing their chances of survival.
Changes being made by the I.R.S. could weaken incentives for people to obtain insurance. The tax agency said it would accept and process tax returns even if taxpayers failed to indicate whether they had coverage, qualified for an exemption or were paying the penalty for going without insurance.
The individual mandate, requiring most Americans to have insurance, was to be enforced through the tax system. The I.R.S. said the requirement was “still in force until changed by Congress.” The government can deduct the amount of any penalty from refunds that would otherwise be sent to taxpayers. But it is unclear how it will use this authority.
In the rules proposed Wednesday, the Trump administration said that it would generally allow states to determine whether insurance plans had enough doctors, hospitals and other health care providers to serve patients. The hope is that would lure more insurers into the market. Additionally, insurers could refuse to provide new coverage to consumers who failed to pay premiums owed in the previous year. If an insurer terminates coverage for nonpayment of premiums, it could require consumers to pay all past-due premiums owed to that insurer before restarting coverage.
And insurers would be allowed to sell health plans covering a smaller share of expected costs. The administration said consumers would have “more coverage options” as a result, but it acknowledged that some consumers could see increases in their deductibles and other out-of-pocket costs.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump lashed out at the nation’s intelligence agencies again on Wednesday, saying that his former national security adviser, Michael T. Flynn, was brought down by illegal leaks to the news media, on a day of new disclosures about the Trump camp’s dealings with Russia during and after the presidential campaign.
“From intelligence, papers are being leaked, things are being leaked,” Mr. Trump said at a White House news conference with Benjamin Netanyahu, the prime minister of Israel. “It’s a criminal action, criminal act, and it’s been going on for a long time before me, but now it’s really going on. And people are trying to cover up for a terrible loss that the Democrats had under Hillary Clinton.”
With his statement and a burst of early-morning posts he made on Twitter, Mr. Trump tried to shift attention from damaging questions about contacts with Russia by Mr. Flynn and others close to the president, arguing that the outrage is not those contacts, but the leaks about them. He revived his charge that the allegations of a “Russian connection” were nothing more than a Democratic conspiracy, fed to a receptive news media to distract from the mistakes made by Mrs. Clinton during the campaign.
The White House has said that Mr. Trump demanded Mr. Flynn’s resignation on Monday night, after it was revealed that Mr. Flynn, a retired three-star Army general, had misled Vice President Mike Pence and other officials about his conversations with a Russian diplomat.
But on Wednesday, the president said that Mr. Flynn had “been treated very, very unfairly by the media,” undercut by “documents and papers that were illegally — I’d stress that, illegally — leaked.”
Earlier, he had posted on Twitter, “Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes & @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?). Just like Russia”
The New York Times and The Washington Post had reported on the contacts Mr. Flynn had with Russia’s ambassador to Washington, Sergey I. Kislyak. Mr. Flynn initially told Mr. Pence and others that he and Mr. Kislyak did not discuss matters of substance, like United States sanctions against Russia, but in the days after Mr. Trump’s inauguration, the Justice Department notified the White House that he had not been forthright about the conversations.
The Times also disclosed broader contacts between Russian intelligence officials and people with ties to the Trump campaign and Mr. Trump’s business empire during and after the campaign, and other news organizations followed with similar reports. The president declined to address that revelation and, as he has at other times in recent days, took questions at his news conference only from conservative news organizations and ignored more challenging questions shouted to him as he left the podium.
So far, the White House has had little success in trying to shift the narrative from the Russian contacts to accusations about the leaking of sensitive information by the intelligence agencies, as well as by the F.B.I.
Mr. Trump used a similar strategy during the transition, after disclosures that the intelligence agencies presented him with a dossier containing potentially compromising — but unsubstantiated — information that Russian officials had collected on him during his travels to Russia.
On Wednesday, Mr. Trump said on Twitter, “The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred. @MSNBC & @CNN are unwatchable. @foxandfriends is great!”
The president also praised a column by Eli Lake of Bloomberg View, which criticized the selective leaking of intercepted communications between Mr. Flynn and Mr. Kislyak. Mr. Lake went on to suggest, however, that Mr. Flynn had been sacrificed to protect other officials, potentially including the president himself.
Mr. Trump, as he has before, rejected allegations that his policy toward Russia was being compromised.
“Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration. Was Obama too soft on Russia?” he posted on Twitter.



ARTICLE
When President Trump is ready to let the world know that he is disappointed with the intelligence community, the United States judiciary, individual journalists, department stores or whatever else lands on his radar, he uses Twitter to blast his targets.
It was only a matter of time until his supporters adopted his style.
“I voted for you but you’re still acting like a baby,” one supporter from North Carolina wrote on Sunday, the same day Mr. Trump insulted the billionaire Mark Cuban by saying that he was ‘‘not smart enough to run for president.’’
“When are you going to act Presidential???” wrote another supporter in Arizona that day. “Not every thought needs tweeting.”
“I voted for you but this is embarrassing,” someone else wrote last week, responding to the president’s tweet attacking the department store Nordstrom.
Complaints like these are being logged by a Twitter account called @Trump_Regrets. Since November, the account, managed by Erica Baguma, a 23-year-old Canadian college student, has climbed to more than 220,000 followers by curating some 1,500 messages, mostly from exasperated people who claimed to have voted for Mr. Trump.
It’s easy to dismiss Trump Regrets for what, at first glance, looks like shaky sourcing: It has popped up at a time when several dubious-looking accounts exist just to serve up what a writer for Esquire magazine calls “liberal bait.” Some of the messages are sent from people hiding behind Pepe the Frog avatars, a mascot of alt-right trolls and a designated hate symbol, or faceless egg avatars. Eggs can be especially shifty with their allegiances.
Ms. Baguma, who started the account, said in an interview that she relies on the account’s followers to let her know when a reply is spam. Still, she said it’s difficult to weed out all falsities. With this in mind, The New York Times reached out to a dozen people whose messages were shared by the account, and checked their names against public records, including activity on other social media platforms. Interviews with several of them suggested that their disappointment is real, but that they also would not have voted for Mr. Trump’s opponent, Hillary Clinton.
And, contrary to the name of the Trump Regrets account, not everyone who has lodged a complaint regrets voting for Mr. Trump.
“You kind of learn that you can’t really generalize a population,” Ms. Baguma said. “I learned that the population is a lot more diverse than I expected.”
Jon A. Krosnick, a professor at Stanford University who studies the psychology of voting, said that he was struck by how many of the Trump Regrets messages seemed to focus on Mr. Trump’s brash leadership style over his policies.
Mr. Krosnick said Mr. Trump’s rushed travel ban was a prime example.
“What’s fascinating about this is people are saying, ‘I elected you to be president and you’re not acting presidential,’ ” Mr. Krosnick said.
He added: “There is this personal component that is part of the pain: ‘You’re not just hurting the country, you’re hurting me.’ ”
Suzanna Ferebee, 53, who works as a private assistant in San Clemente, Calif., is among the Trump voters whose criticism was shared by the account. She generally agrees with Mr. Trump’s policies and voted for him because she wants things to improve for the middle class. But so far, she said in an interview, she’s embarrassed by the president’s behavior.
“I look at my Twitter feed every morning and say, ‘Oh, why did you do that?’ ” Ms. Ferebee said.
Debbie Nelson, a secretary who lives in Orland Park, Ill., and works in downtown Chicago, said in an interview that she never liked Mr. Trump, but ended up voting for him because she was worried jobs like hers were being outsourced. She also didn’t trust Mrs. Clinton.
Ms. Nelson reluctantly voted for Mr. Trump — “because of Hillary’s lies” — but grew disillusioned with Mr. Trump’s behavior, which she thought would change after the election. On Feb. 6, she added her message for the president to the fray: “We need a mature adult as president. Can I take my vote back?” (For Ms. Nelson, the tipping point was seeing Mr. Trump dismiss news and negative polls as fake that day.)
Mr. Trump entered the White House with a historically low approval rating, but Ms. Nelson is among the voters who approve of his overall policies, especially when it comes to immigration. “I do want better security and I don’t think there is anything wrong with that,” she said.
But she was frustrated with the slapdash nature of Mr. Trump’s executive order to restrict refugees and people from several primarily Muslim countries. That travel ban has since been bogged down in court, most recently when a federal appeals panel refused to reinstate it last week.
“I understand his concept of rushing in,” Ms. Nelson, 59, said, “but when you are the president of the free world like he is, you have to do things procedurally. You just can’t go willy-nilly.”
People who have had their messages shared from the Trump Regrets account have quickly been pulled into debates with people who reject Mr. Trump’s policies, and tend to get a deluge of criticism after their tweets are shared by the account.
When Chad Watson, a claims adjuster for a risk management firm who lives near Indianapolis, tweeted his regret for voting for Mr. Trump on Feb. 8, he said a woman told him she’d never forgive him for his vote.
Mr. Watson, who is gay and sits on the board of an Indianapolis organization for gay rights, said he had voted for Democratic presidential candidates, including President Barack Obama, in the past. But, as he put it to one critic on Twitter, “I would rather have gouged my eyes out and only drank well vodka then to vote for Hillary Clinton.”
In an interview, Mr. Watson, 40, said he was never wild about Mr. Trump — “I really thought he was going to fizzle out and drop out” — and now regrets his decision to vote for him “as the lesser of two evils” after watching some of the decisions he’s made early in his presidency. Mr. Watson said he recently called the office of Senator Todd Young, Republican of Indiana, to urge him not to vote for Betsy DeVos, a wealthy Republican donor, to lead the Education Department.
Mr. Watson has not heard back yet. Ms. DeVos is now education secretary.
“It’s just a bunch of political stuff to get their friends into office,” Mr. Watson said of that appointment.
Not everyone would characterize their feelings as regretful. John Tyler, the supporter in North Carolina who told Mr. Trump he was acting like a “baby” on Twitter, said in an email that he still supported the president.
“Your paper and other media can’t stand Trump,” wrote Mr. Tyler, a retired real estate agent who now sings Elvis songs and gospel music on YouTube. “I voted for him for one reason: His ego is so large that he cannot fail to implement his agendas promised.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — It does most of its work in secret, can be highly partisan and its members consider it a thankless job with few political benefits. But the Senate Intelligence Committee is suddenly central to a capital increasingly rattled by Trump administration turmoil.
With House Republicans showing little appetite for pursuing an inquiry into links between Russia and the new White House and the chances remote of an independent investigative commission being created, the Senate panel has — at least for the moment — chief responsibility for getting to the bottom of events surrounding the resignation of Michael T. Flynn as national security adviser and any foreign meddling in the presidential election.
Whether members of the committee can succeed is a vexing question. The panel split bitterly over an investigation into George W. Bush-era torture of terror detainees, and Senate Republicans are leery of being lured into a Democratic effort to undermine a new Republican president who could help them achieve their long-sought legislative goals.
Senator Richard M. Burr, the North Carolina Republican who leads the committee, last month indicated some reluctance about pursuing contacts between the Trump team and Russia before he and Senator Mark Warner of Virginia, who has taken over the top Democratic spot on the panel, one day later issued a letter saying the committee would seek to “have a full understanding of the scope of Russian intelligence activities impacting the United States.” The clear sense on Capitol Hill was that Mr. Warner had dragged his Republican colleague into accepting an aggressive inquiry.
Committee members of both parties now say they understand the magnitude of the suspicions surrounding the Russian accusations and believe they can work together. As the Senate voted Tuesday morning, Republican members of the panel huddled on the Senate floor to plot their way forward.
Mr. Warner said he and Mr. Burr agree the committee needs to take its investigation “where the intelligence leads us.”
“I don’t think there is anything I have been involved in in my tenure in the Senate that is as important as this,” Mr. Warner said. “This is about our basic democratic processes.”
Some of his fellow Democrats are not happy that the bulk of the inquiry will remain the purview of the intelligence panel given that much of its deliberations are conducted in secure rooms of the Capitol complex, away from the prying eyes of the news media and the public. Senator Claire McCaskill, Democrat of Missouri, said that is a principal reason Republicans want to relegate it to the intelligence panel, and she called on Republicans to put aside a desire to protect President Trump and to create a special committee to “investigate this matter in a thorough, public and responsible way.”
“Republicans need to look in the mirror and do a gut check,” she said.
At the moment, Republican leaders seem to be in no mood to add to the furor surrounding the White House by forging ahead with such a special panel, pointing instead to what Senator Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky and the majority leader, called the “broad discretion” the committee has to look at intelligence matters.
Creating a special committee or commission would require the consent of both parties, and the idea is more likely to gain traction if the Intelligence Committee or others in Congress pursuing questions about Russia uncover compelling evidence that would make it hard to resist demands for a deeper, more public investigation. The special national commission on the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks was created only after a special joint investigation by the intelligence committees of the House and Senate conducted its own inquiry that raised new questions.
Members of the intelligence panel have multiple motivations for taking a forceful stance after Mr. Flynn’s resignation. Given heightened attention to the issue, lawmakers know they risk losing control of the investigation if they are seen as not being aggressive. Neither Democrats nor Republicans who sit on the committee — their work often unsung with constituents back home because of secrecy — want to see that.
Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, who leads the Armed Services Committee, is also examining the administration’s relationship with Russia, though the intelligence committee has more official responsibility.
On Tuesday, Mr. McConnell said it was “highly likely” the committee’s investigation would expand beyond election interference to include Mr. Flynn’s activities. Senator Roy Blunt, Republican of Missouri, who sits on the Intelligence Committee, predicted Mr. Flynn would be called before the panel to testify “about both postelection activities and any other activities that he would be aware of.”
Mr. Blunt, a member of the leadership with sharp political instincts, will be a Republican committee member to watch along with fellow Republican senators like Susan Collins of Maine, a centrist who has challenged Mr. Trump on other issues, and Marco Rubio of Florida, a sometime Trump critic who has urged the administration to take a hard line against Russia.
Democrats will do what they can as members of the minority party to push the investigation and try to force it into public view.
“My goal here is not to have some report that ends up on a shelf,” Mr. Warner said. “My goal is that while we protect sources and methods, have as much of this information as possible out to the public. The public deserves to know what happened, how it happened and what effects it had on our democratic process.”
As they looked ahead, uneasy lawmakers worried that this matter and others might not end well for the administration. The beginning has not been so great, either.



ARTICLE
‘Resist’ has become a one-word battle cry for the anti-Trump forces. But what does it mean?
Charlene Carruthers, 31, the national director of Black Youth Project 100.
Bayard Rustin’s call for civil disobedience and direct action tells us that “the only weapon we have is our bodies and we have to tuck them in places so wheels don’t turn.” Even if it that’s not your jam, everyone has a role in creating a society where we divest from things that punish and invest in real community-based measures that keep us safe. It will take community organizers, cultural workers, farmers, caretakers and builders. Now is the time to go big; we have everything to gain.
Enrique Morones, 60, of San Diego, executive director and founder of Border Angels.
On Nov. 9, 2016, thousands came to our doors and website saying: “Que paso? What do we do now?” Resist, we told them. Be informed about your rights, join the masses, register to vote or get others to vote. This April, for the fourth time, Border Angels will open the door of hope, and children will hug deported parents and grandparents at the wall.
Bob Bland,  fashion designer in New York,  co-chairwoman of the Women’s March on Washington.
It’s a daily mental practice to galvanize yourself and to remind yourself to not become acclimated to this barrage of executive orders and then people being stripped of their rights because that is not what this country was founded on, and we should be moving forward not backwards. And that is why we all have to get out onto the streets and act.
Tamika D. Mallory, 36, gun control activist and co-chairwoman of the Women’s March on Washington.
I think it looks like a variety of things that all make people uncomfortable and not able to rest well and feel like what they are doing is O.K. And I think it’s important that white people particularly go on record and say we don’t agree with the actions of this administration because there are some who will sit back and say, “The majority population was O.K. with this.” So it’s important that white people are on the record saying, “We don’t stand with you on what you are doing to these marginalized communities.”
Aisha Dew,  political and arts consultant living in Charlotte, N.C.
“Resist” means to stand for the people who already make America great. The United States is diverse because we are a country of immigrants who came to America for freedom and a better way of life. Although I am the descendant of slaves, I recognize that there are many who came here to escape starvation, death, persecution and war. And as a descendant of slaves, I know that America has been challenged throughout history to deliver on its promise of freedom for all, but has also been slowly moving toward justice for all.
Symone D. Sanders, 27, of Washington,  former national press secretary for the Bernie Sanders campaign. 
We have to resist the urge to roll over and go with the flow. We have to resist the want to normalize what has happened over the last year and resist the tendency to take our eye off of the ball of the issues. It is so easy to just subscribe to the notion that “this is the world we live in,” but the resistance demands we challenge that. The resistance demands that we stand up for what we know is right and true, not because it is popular, but because it is necessary.
Dusty Klass, 30, a rabbi  in Charlotte, N.C., who has been protesting police killings.
For me, to resist means resisting the temptation to assume, to decide who a person is before spending time with him or her. Resist writing other people’s stories for them. Resist the urge to hide, to click over to something else when that difficult truth pops up on your screen. Resist the opportunity to just keep walking, to avoid eye contact. And more than anything, resist the ease of just being angry — dig down past that anger, toward the pain.
Jimmy Dahman, 25, former organizer for Hillary Clinton who runs Town Hall Project 2018, which created a Google spreadsheet listing the public appearances of members of Congress.
We have worked hard to get to where we are, and it’s a little scary that we could move backwards in the next two or four years. So to me it’s making sure we are protecting what we have gained and pushing the envelope further and working to engage more people in the process
Kristin Rowe-Finkbeiner, 47, of Seattle, executive director  of MomsRising.
One of the things that resistance means to me is not buying into Donald Trump’s ridiculous and wrong vision of America as only a place of carnage and understanding that we need to resist his description of what we are and know that it is the diversity of our country that has made us a strong and prosperous nation and not the opposite.



ARTICLE
For years, Justin Boyan worried about the effects of climate change but focused on his wife, his two daughters and his work as a computer scientist in Rhode Island. Then Donald J. Trump became president, and Mr. Boyan was jolted into political activism.
Within days of the election, Mr. Boyan began volunteering for the Working Families Party, a liberal political organization focused on income inequality, and attended almost weekly protests to voice his dismay. He traveled to the Women’s March on Washington with his family the day after inauguration, protested Mr. Trump’s travel ban at the Rhode Island state capital, and began studying criminal justice issues, which he connects to climate change as two issues where policy makers, he believes, have put the demands of big-money contributors over the needs of ordinary people.
The same energy motivating Mr. Boyan is bursting out at demonstrations and town hall meetings across the country. Protesters who had focused on issues like police shootings of black people, a $15 minimum wage and climate change are collaborating against a common foe, President Trump. In cities and states, activists are exchanging civil disobedience tactics, pooling financial resources and showing up to demonstrations about issues that they may not have previously focused on.
Call it Protest Nation: Activists across the country have been strengthening old partnerships and making new ones.
The Working Families Party has joined with MoveOn.org, a left-wing group that goes back to President Bill Clinton’s impeachment, and People’s Action, a national progressive group, to encourage people to protest weekly on what they call Resist Trump Tuesdays. Meetup.com, a site that often hosts opportunities for social gatherings, has created more than a thousand local groups called #Resist Meetups aimed at encouraging political activism.
In New York, organizers of the Women’s March on Washington last month made sure to address a broad range of issues, including abortion rights and access to contraception, racism, immigration laws and demands for pay parity between men and women. In Charlotte, N.C., on the weekend that the travel ban went into effect, African-American activists accustomed to blasting out information about police shootings sent a mass text message asking people to gather at an airport to support travelers from Muslim-majority countries.
In Chicago, a group focused on racial discrimination has teamed up with one focused on Latinos to push a new initiative aimed at expanding both the number and the definition of sanctuary cities to protect undocumented immigrants and curb police brutality.
“I was on the phone arranging a car pool to violin practice and I said: ‘All right, I’ll be there in 20 minutes. Bye.’ And the mom said, ‘Resist,’” Mr. Boyan, 46, marveled about a recent conversation. “When people say goodbye to each other, they are saying, ‘Resist.’”
For opponents of Mr. Trump, there is a risk protesting a president who revels in opposition, mocks demonstrators and says he speaks for a silent majority, said Micah White, 34, of Nehalem, Ore., who helped start Occupy Wall Street in 2011. That movement prompted thousands to camp in public parks, protest the excesses of “the 1 percent” — and eventually disperse with little to show for the efforts.
“Donald Trump is a master of stagecraft, and he’s obsessed with ratings,” Mr. White said. “So large-scale protests, they are just part of the spectacle game. They draw more attention to him. They help him feel like he is the center of the universe. And until there is a social protest movement that is ready and willing to take power and govern, then protests will always be ineffective.”
Activists opposing Mr. Trump still see strength in mass action, and they have begun broadening their reach.
Since she helped organize the Women’s March on Washington, which drew hundreds of thousands of people, Tamika D. Mallory, a gun control advocate and one of the march’s four co-chairwomen, has protested against the travel ban, spoken out against Attorney General Jeff Sessions and worked on organizing follow-up events to keep people involved after the march. She said that while she was still focused on racism and the lives of black people, she also understood that Mr. Trump’s rapid-fire pace meant people must work together and learn about issues outside their main concerns.
“This is the moment for us to show up for one another and to show up as concerned Americans versus being sort of stuck in our silos,” Ms. Mallory, 36, said. “It won’t be long before a different community is under attack.”
“The playbook has changed,” she added.
Two weeks ago, when thousands of people protested the travel ban at airports across the country, Nelini Stamp, national membership director of the Working Families Party, said she could sense the coalescing of a national protest movement. Messages to gather at Kennedy International Airport in New York came through texts, emails and Facebook posts across a spectrum of interest areas. Ms. Stamp, who several years ago got involved in organizing through Occupy Wall Street, said that by the time she got to the airport it felt like a family reunion.
“I saw folks that I worked with on labor issues, folks that I had worked with on the street, folks I’ve been arrested with doing civil disobedience,” she said. “A community of folks just merged, and it felt like magnets drawing to each other.”
In Chicago, Black Youth Project 100 is pairing up with Mijente, a Latino civil rights group, to push to increase the number of sanctuary cities, a term used for jurisdictions that limit local law enforcement’s cooperation with federal immigration agents. While the groups had teamed up in 2015 to stage a large protest in the city when the International Association of Chiefs of Police held its annual conference, last month the groups held their first news conference together.
“As organizers we already understand the value of relationships, and as organizers we also understand the urgency of this particular moment,” said Charlene Carruthers, 31, national director of Black Youth Project 100.
Tania A. Unzueta, 33, policy and legal director of Mijente, said she saw the collaboration as crucial for undocumented immigrants like herself and to minority communities where discrimination can have deadly consequences.
“We really do think our survival depends on being able to find collective strength,” said Ms. Unzueta, who came to the United States from Mexico at 10. “They are attacking our communities in different ways, and I think there are ways that our communities may be pitted against each other.”
Last month, Jimmy Dahman, 25, and about 100 volunteers from across the country started a push called Town Hall Project 2018. Through a publicly accessible Google spreadsheet, the group is listing dozens of town-hall-style meetings being held by members of Congress on both sides of the aisle. Mr. Dahman, who worked as an organizer for Hillary Clinton’s campaign, said he wanted to make it easier for people to have face-to-face interactions with elected officials.
“We have volunteers who are particularly upset about the prospect of climate change regulations being rolled back,” he said. “There are folks who are very nervous that they or someone they know and love may lose their health care. There are folks who are upset about the Muslim ban and some of the travel bans that the administration has put in place. They are all fired up for different reasons.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Phone records and intercepted calls show that members of Donald J. Trump’s 2016 presidential campaign and other Trump associates had repeated contacts with senior Russian intelligence officials in the year before the election, according to four current and former American officials.
American law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the communications around the same time they were discovering evidence that Russia was trying to disrupt the presidential election by hacking into the Democratic National Committee, three of the officials said. The intelligence agencies then sought to learn whether the Trump campaign was colluding with the Russians on the hacking or other efforts to influence the election.
The officials interviewed in recent weeks said that, so far, they had seen no evidence of such cooperation.
But the intercepts alarmed American intelligence and law enforcement agencies, in part because of the amount of contact that was occurring while Mr. Trump was speaking glowingly about the Russian president, Vladimir V. Putin. At one point last summer, Mr. Trump said at a campaign event that he hoped Russian intelligence services had stolen Hillary Clinton’s emails and would make them public.
The officials said the intercepted communications were not limited to Trump campaign officials, and included other associates of Mr. Trump. On the Russian side, the contacts also included members of the government outside of the intelligence services, they said. All of the current and former officials spoke on the condition of anonymity because the continuing investigation is classified.
The officials said that one of the advisers picked up on the calls was Paul Manafort, who was Mr. Trump’s campaign chairman for several months last year and had worked as a political consultant in Ukraine. The officials declined to identify the other Trump associates on the calls.
The call logs and intercepted communications are part of a larger trove of information that the F.B.I. is sifting through as it investigates the links between Mr. Trump’s associates and the Russian government, as well as the hacking of the D.N.C., according to federal law enforcement officials. As part of its inquiry, the F.B.I. has obtained banking and travel records and conducted interviews, the officials said.
Mr. Manafort, who has not been charged with any crimes, dismissed the officials’ accounts in a telephone interview on Tuesday. “This is absurd,” he said. “I have no idea what this is referring to. I have never knowingly spoken to Russian intelligence officers, and I have never been involved with anything to do with the Russian government or the Putin administration or any other issues under investigation today.”
He added, “It’s not like these people wear badges that say, ‘I’m a Russian intelligence officer.’”
Several of Mr. Trump’s associates, like Mr. Manafort, have done business in Russia. And it is not unusual for American businessmen to come in contact with foreign intelligence officials, sometimes unwittingly, in countries like Russia and Ukraine, where the spy services are deeply embedded in society. Law enforcement officials did not say to what extent the contacts might have been about business.
The officials would not disclose many details, including what was discussed on the calls, the identity of the Russian intelligence officials who participated, and how many of Mr. Trump’s advisers were talking to the Russians. It is also unclear whether the conversations had anything to do with Mr. Trump himself.
A report from American intelligence agencies that was made public in January concluded that the Russian government had intervened in the election in part to help Mr. Trump, but did not address whether any members of the Trump campaign had participated in the effort.
The intercepted calls are different from the wiretapped conversations last year between Michael T. Flynn, Mr. Trump’s former national security adviser, and Sergey I. Kislyak, Russia’s ambassador to the United States. In those calls, which led to Mr. Flynn’s resignation on Monday night, the two men discussed sanctions that the Obama administration imposed on Russia in December.
But the cases are part of American intelligence and law enforcement agencies’ routine electronic surveillance of the communications of foreign officials.
The F.B.I. declined to comment. The White House also declined to comment Tuesday night, but earlier in the day, the press secretary, Sean Spicer, stood by Mr. Trump’s previous comments that nobody from his campaign had contact with Russian officials before the election.
“There’s nothing that would conclude me that anything different has changed with respect to that time period,” Mr. Spicer said in response to a question.
Two days after the election in November, Sergei A. Ryabkov, the deputy Russian foreign minister, said “there were contacts” during the campaign between Russian officials and Mr. Trump’s team.
“Obviously, we know most of the people from his entourage,” Mr. Ryabkov told Russia’s Interfax news agency.
The Trump transition team denied Mr. Ryabkov’s statement. “This is not accurate,” Hope Hicks, a spokeswoman for Mr. Trump, said at the time.
The National Security Agency, which monitors the communications of foreign intelligence services, initially captured the calls between Mr. Trump’s associates and the Russians as part of routine foreign surveillance. After that, the F.B.I. asked the N.S.A. to collect as much information as possible about the Russian operatives on the phone calls, and to search through troves of previous intercepted communications that had not been analyzed.
The F.B.I. has closely examined at least three other people close to Mr. Trump, although it is unclear if their calls were intercepted. They are Carter Page, a businessman and former foreign policy adviser to the campaign; Roger Stone, a longtime Republican operative; and Mr. Flynn.
All of the men have strongly denied that they had any improper contacts with Russian officials.
As part of the inquiry, the F.B.I. is also trying to assess the credibility of the information contained in a dossier that was given to the bureau last year by a former British intelligence operative. The dossier contained a raft of allegations of a broad conspiracy between Mr. Trump, his associates and the Russian government. It also included unsubstantiated claims that the Russians had embarrassing videos that could be used to blackmail Mr. Trump.
The F.B.I. has spent several months investigating the leads in the dossier, but has yet to confirm any of its most explosive claims.
Senior F.B.I. officials believe that the former British intelligence officer who compiled the dossier, Christopher Steele, has a credible track record, and he briefed investigators last year about how he obtained the information. One American law enforcement official said that F.B.I. agents had made contact with some of Mr. Steele’s sources.
The agency’s investigation of Mr. Manafort began last spring as an outgrowth of a criminal investigation into his work for a pro-Russian political party in Ukraine and for the country’s former president, Viktor F. Yanukovych. It has focused on why he was in such close contact with Russian and Ukrainian intelligence officials.
The bureau did not have enough evidence to obtain a warrant for a wiretap of Mr. Manafort’s communications, but it had the N.S.A. scrutinize the communications of Ukrainian officials he had met.
The F.B.I. investigation is proceeding at the same time that separate investigations into Russian interference in the election are gaining momentum on Capitol Hill. Those investigations, by the House and Senate Intelligence Committees, are examining not only the Russian hacking but also any contacts that Mr. Trump’s team had with Russian officials during the campaign.
On Tuesday, top Republican lawmakers said that Mr. Flynn should be one focus of the investigation, and that he should be called to testify before Congress. Senator Mark Warner of Virginia, the top Democrat on the Intelligence Committee, said the news about Mr. Flynn underscored “how many questions still remain unanswered to the American people more than three months after Election Day, including who was aware of what, and when.”
Mr. Warner said Mr. Flynn’s resignation would not stop the committee “from continuing to investigate General Flynn, or any other campaign official who may have had inappropriate and improper contacts with Russian officials prior to the election.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Attorney General Jeff Sessions faced growing pressure on Tuesday to remove himself from any role in investigating President Trump’s aides and their relationship with Russia, but advisers to Mr. Sessions said he saw no need to do so.
The resignation of Michael T. Flynn as national security adviser over his conversations with the Russian ambassador gave new impetus to demands from Democrats and outside groups who say Mr. Sessions lacks the independence to oversee criminal investigations that might lead back to the White House. He and Mr. Flynn were both early and influential advisers in Mr. Trump’s presidential campaign.
Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, said Tuesday that under the Justice Department’s guidelines on possible conflicts, that personal history should “disqualify” Mr. Sessions from overseeing any investigations.
And Senator Patrick J. Leahy, a Vermont Democrat who sits on the Judiciary Committee, said in an interview Tuesday that if Mr. Sessions failed to ensure that there would be no political interference, “then of course he has to have someone from the outside come in.”
Democrats acknowledged, however, that they had no way to force Mr. Sessions to remove himself from the case, leaving them to rely instead on political and public pressure.
Naming a special outside counsel to investigate a politically delicate situation has proved perilous for a number of presidents over the years — from President Richard M. Nixon and the Watergate investigation to President Bill Clinton in the Whitewater scandal to President George W. Bush in the leak of a covert C.I.A. officer’s identity.
In investigations dating to last year, the F.B.I. is known to have examined the Russia-related activities of a handful of other former Trump aides, including Paul Manafort, the president’s former campaign chairman. The Justice Department is overseeing the inquiries.
During a bitter confirmation fight that focused partly on his closeness to Mr. Trump, Mr. Sessions said last month that he saw no need to remove himself from any decisions involving Russia-related investigations and the White House, writing that he was “not aware of a basis to recuse myself.”
That remains his answer, an adviser to Mr. Sessions said Tuesday, speaking on condition of anonymity in discussing private conversations. None of the recent events involving Mr. Flynn had moved the attorney general to reconsider his stance, the adviser said.
Mr. Trump himself threatened to appoint an outside prosecutor last year if he were elected — not to investigate his own White House, but to re-examine Hillary Clinton’s use of a private server for her emails.
Mr. Trump angrily told Mrs. Clinton at one presidential debate during the campaign that if elected, he would instruct his attorney general “to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation because there has never been so many lies, so much deception.”
If he were president, he told her, “you’d be in jail.” That threat unnerved both Republican and Democratic legal analysts.
While Mr. Sessions said during his confirmation hearings that he saw no need to remove himself from any investigations involving Russia or the White House, he pledged that he would not be involved in any future investigations involving Mrs. Clinton after he had been such a fierce critic of hers on the campaign trail as a Trump surrogate.
Justice Department guidelines prevent prosecutors from participating in a case in which they have “a personal or political relationship” with a person or group that would be directly affected by the outcome. But there has been wide disagreement over the years about how that should be interpreted, and a congressional measure that set off the use of an outside counsel in some situations was allowed to lapse in 1999.
Richard Ben-Veniste, a prominent Democratic lawyer who worked on the Watergate special counsel’s investigation, said that if more evidence developed in the Russian inquiries was linked to the White House, or perhaps even to Mr. Trump, then the safest course for Mr. Sessions would be to remove himself from the case or, at a minimum, seek a formal Justice Department opinion allowing him to continue on it.
“This is a dangerous area, and one where the attorney general ought to proceed with caution,” Mr. Ben-Veniste said. Any suggestion that Mr. Sessions was allowing politics to enter into the investigation “would be a tremendous blow to his credibility,” he added.
Representative Joseph Crowley of New York, who leads the House Democratic Caucus, said Tuesday that he thought there was already enough evidence of a possible conflict to persuade Mr. Sessions to remove himself from involvement in the Russia case.
The lawmaker said the relationship between Mr. Trump and Mr. Sessions was “too cozy.”
“I think campaigning so forcefully for President Trump compromised Attorney General Sessions’s ability to independently investigate this,” he said.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Democrats failed to block an education secretary who had no experience in public schools. They have gotten little traction against a nominee to lead the Energy Department who once called for the agency’s abolition, or a potential head of the Environmental Protection Agency who has made a career out of suing it.
But on Thursday, Democrats will have their best chance to topple one of President Trump’s cabinet choices when Andrew F. Puzder testifies before the Senate to become the country’s next labor secretary.
And from a history of suppressing wages to an undocumented housekeeper to tales of marital strife that include a tape from the “Oprah Winfrey Show” of an incognito abuse victim, opponents will have their ammunition. Already, four Republican senators have declined to commit to backing Mr. Puzder, enough to block his confirmation if, as is likely, Democrats remain united in opposition.
“They ought to withdraw the nomination of Puzder before he further embarrasses this administration and further exposes the hypocrisy of President Trump,” said Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader.
Signs of the fast-food restaurant executive’s vulnerability have been swirling in recent weeks as his hearing was delayed several times because of the complexity of his vast financial portfolio, including millions of dollars in preferred stock in the parent company of Hardee’s and Carl’s Jr., CKE. Protesters have swarmed those fast-food restaurants across the country to express outrage that the person chosen to look out for America’s wage workers has a record of fighting for owners’ interests. On Thursday, more than a thousand federal contractors are planning to converge on the Capitol to demonstrate in opposition to Mr. Puzder.
“Puzder literally likes robots more than workers and does not believe in raising the minimum wage,” said Ben Jealous, a former head of the N.A.A.C.P. and founding board chairman of the labor group Good Jobs Defenders, who is organizing protests.
Mr. Jealous said Republicans should remember that Mr. Trump promised to protect working-class Americans, adding, “If the G.O.P. in the Senate want to guarantee that he keeps his promise, then Puzder should not be confirmed.”
The proceedings are also likely to get personal. Opponents of Mr. Puzder have made his contentious divorce from nearly three decades ago an issue, surfacing since-recanted allegations from his former wife that he abused her in the 1980s.
Pressed by the liberal group Campaign for Accountability, a Missouri circuit court on Tuesday night released some of Mr. Puzder’s divorce records detailing the original allegations of abuse. Those court documents offered a glimpse of an episode on May 22, 1986, when Lisa Puzder accused Mr. Puzder of “striking her violently about the face, chest, back, shoulders and neck, without provocation or cause.”
According to the records, the encounter caused “bruises and contusions to the chest, back, shoulders and neck,” two ruptured disks, two bulging disks and “severe and permanent damage.”
George Thompson, a spokesman for Mr. Puzder, said on Tuesday evening that the contents of the filing were not new and that Mr. Puzder and his former wife are now friends. He called the release a smear campaign.
“Perpetuating these retracted 30-year-old allegations and an impulsive decision to appear on a talk show is nothing more than a desperate attempt to tarnish Andy Puzder at the expense of Lisa and their family,” Mr. Thompson said.
The allegations that Mr. Puzder had assaulted his former wife have been circulating around in Congress, where lawmakers of both parties gathered in the past week for screenings of a 1990 episode of the “Oprah Winfrey Show” in which Mr. Puzder’s former spouse appeared in disguise to discuss her story of abuse. The Oprah Winfrey Network has not made the video publicly available — it provided a special copy for senators — but discussion of the old footage has been buzzing among senators and congressional staff members ahead of the hearing.
“It really raised some very troubling issues and I think has to be the equation of how we view this candidate,” Senator Patty Murray of Washington, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee, said in an interview Tuesday.
The effect of the tape remains unclear. Four Republican senators on the committee — Johnny Isakson of Georgia, Tim Scott of South Carolina, Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska — have not committed to backing Mr. Puzder.
Ms. Collins said on Monday that she was “reviewing the other information that has come to light” and that she looked forward to exploring it at the hearing. Mr. Scott said that he wanted to see how Mr. Puzder performed in person before making a decision. However, he acknowledged that he had concerns about Mr. Puzder’s failure to pay taxes on an undocumented housekeeper.
Although Mr. Puzder is not the first of Mr. Trump’s nominees to fail to pay taxes or employ an undocumented immigrant, critics say that the oversights are particularly egregious for a businessman who would lead the Labor Department. Ms. Murray said that the revelation about Mr. Puzder’s housekeeper, which emerged only last week, was ironic considering Mr. Trump’s promises to crack down on illegal immigration.
Democrats are also expected to seize upon comments that Mr. Puzder has made in support of automation and his stances against overtime pay. The provocative television commercials featuring bikini-clad models eating juicy hamburgers that were produced by CKE during his tenure are also likely to come up. One news release in 2011 explained the company’s marketing strategy when it blared: “We believe in putting hot models in our commercials, because ugly ones don’t sell burgers.”
Despite all of the criticism of Mr. Puzder, whose brash personality is sometimes compared to Mr. Trump’s, most Republicans and members of the business world have rallied around him.
State restaurant groups in Maine and Alaska have sent letters to Ms. Collins and Ms. Murkowski to express support for Mr. Puzder, hailing him as an experienced job creator. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce sent a letter to lawmakers arguing that Mr. Puzder’s executive experience would make him less likely to impose onerous regulations.
“He will know better than any other secretary the impact that the department’s actions have on companies and the economy,” wrote Neil Bradley, the group’s chief policy officer.
Even Mitt Romney, the 2012 Republican presidential nominee, emerged from the sidelines this week to urge Republicans to stick with Mr. Puzder. Pointing to the nominee’s humble beginnings, Mr. Romney said he was certain that Mr. Puzder could relate to the plight of regular workers.
“He knows how hard Americans work, and how much that work means to them and their families,” Mr. Romney wrote in a Facebook post.
If Democrats are unsuccessful at blocking Mr. Puzder at the committee on Thursday, it will not be their final opportunity to pick off one of Mr. Trump’s top nominees. Representative Mick Mulvaney of South Carolina, who has been tapped to be the White House’s budget director, is expected to get a vote on Thursday from the full Senate.
Mr. Mulvaney raised eyebrows at his confirmation hearing when he admitted that he did not pay taxes on a nanny his family employed. His backing of deep cuts to military spending rankled some Republicans, such as Senator John McCain of Arizona, the Armed Services Committee chairman, who accused him of showing insufficient support for the military.
Mr. McCain described Mr. Mulvaney as “anti-defense” on Tuesday while he lamented his vote to remove troops from Afghanistan. The margin of error for Mr. Mulvaney’s confirmation appeared to have narrowed.
“I’m voting against him — most likely,” Mr. McCain said.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — When Donald J. Trump first tried a few years ago to line up a speaking slot at the marquee event for the conservative grass roots, the Conservative Political Action Conference, the organizers almost rejected him because they thought he was a fraud who only wanted a platform to promote his hotels, casinos, neckties and golf courses.
Stephen K. Bannon, then the head of Breitbart News, found himself essentially blacklisted from the gathering, known as CPAC. So he started a rival conference called The Uninvited and ran it out of a hotel down the street.
With Mr. Trump now ensconced in the Oval Office and Mr. Bannon, his chief strategist, right down the hall, it is hardly in dispute who won the fight for control of the Republican Party. But there are still much bigger questions about whether Mr. Trump, who has never claimed to be a conservative but so far has governed conspicuously to the right, will ultimately be loyal to conservatives’ agenda.
Mr. Trump does not dwell on policy, right or left. He prefers the transactional to the ideological. And for conservatives devoted to a cause that is fundamentally about ideas, the distance between the new president and the movement he overtook continues to loom as a red flag.
That gap has been partly obscured by his first moves as president — trying to bar visitors from seven largely Muslim countries, scaling back Wall Street regulations, restricting federal funding that could go to abortion overseas and nominating a judge to the Supreme Court who is adored by conservatives. But some in the movement are unlikely ever to be totally at ease.
And Mr. Trump may never fully be at ease with many of them.
“With Trump, I do feel his instincts are conservative; I do feel he understands the practical implications of an incompetent and inefficient government,” said Matt Schlapp, chairman of the American Conservative Union, which will convene CPAC starting on Wednesday. This time, Mr. Trump has been extended an invitation and is expected to speak.
Still, with regard to conservatism, Mr. Schlapp added, “I’m not so sure he understands all the tenets and the philosophical background.”
Other Republican presidents have disappointed conservatives with major policy moves, from Dwight D. Eisenhower’s preservation of New Deal programs to Richard M. Nixon’s regulatory agenda to the elder George Bush’s reversal on his “no new taxes” pledge. But Mr. Trump, who considers himself the consummate deal maker, faces gnawing suspicions that he will find it easy to cut bargains that betray conservative principles.
“I think it is safe to say that on the issues that are important to movement conservatives, the president’s actions since the inauguration have significantly reduced concerns by conservatives,” said Morton Blackwell, a longtime conservative activist who served as Ronald Reagan’s liaison to conservative activists and met with Mr. Trump at the White House this month.
Still, Mr. Blackwell added, “there are significant numbers of people who are concerned.”
What makes some especially wary of Mr. Trump, said Grover Norquist, the veteran anti-tax activist and conservative leader, is how uninterested the president seems in their ideas.
“They don’t think he’d ever read their novel, their policy paper, their magazine article — or even listen to them for more than five minutes,” he said.
Republicans remain traumatized by presidents they believe governed too far to the left despite promises to do the opposite. “They’re used to sending senators, governors, congressmen into Washington and instead of seeing a sewer, they see a hot tub that they want to jump in,” Mr. Norquist said.
Mr. Trump has, however, given conservatives plenty of reasons to temper their concerns. Beyond the nomination of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch to the Supreme Court and the flurry of executive orders, he has assembled a cabinet that the American Conservative Union deemed the most conservative of any Republican president, based on ratings given to the appointees who were members of Congress.
The group scores lawmakers on a 1-to-100 scale of conservatism. And the six House members and senators Mr. Trump has selected for his cabinet were among the most conservative on Capitol Hill, earning an average score of 90.6.
“I’m seeing a pattern,” Mr. Schlapp said, “where I can more comfortably say he’s governing like a conservative.”
But many of the biggest items on the conservative checklist remain in flux — the repeal and replacement of the Affordable Care Act and an overhaul of the tax code being chief among them. And it remains in doubt whether Mr. Trump, whose White House has ricocheted from one distraction to the next in its first few weeks, will retain enough credibility with lawmakers to accomplish those goals.
“I think now the question is: Can we get a lot of this stuff done?” said William Kristol, a frequent Trump critic and editor at large of The Weekly Standard. The risk for conservative policy, he said, is that the circuslike atmosphere around the White House will end up shattering Mr. Trump’s relationship with Republican lawmakers. “And if it really is a circus, you don’t want to be just another clown inside the tent,” Mr. Kristol added.
One reason that some conservatives believe Mr. Trump’s support from the movement and its loyal lawmakers is so fragile is that it has been predicated on the sugar high of an election everyone told them they could not win against an opponent they loathed.
“I think the majority of conservatives celebrating his victory were really celebrating Hillary’s defeat,” said Al Cardenas, a former chairman of the American Conservative Union. “And he was the conduit for that defeat.”
There are also serious policy questions that trouble conservatives, foremost among them what might happen to the federal deficit if Mr. Trump embarks on a plan to spend $1 trillion on revamping the nation’s infrastructure — a deal that many Democrats are eager to strike with him.
That is where Mr. Trump’s brand of transactional politics could become a liability.
“That was sort of the point of view of the tentative Trump supporters — you can do transactional politics with them,” said Rich Lowry, the editor of National Review.
But the conservatives are hardly guaranteed to come out on the winning end of the transaction every time.



ARTICLE
MELBOURNE, Fla. — During President Trump’s transition to power, his team reached out to Elliott Abrams for help building a new administration. Mr. Abrams, a seasoned Republican foreign policy official, sent lists of possible candidates for national security jobs.
One by one, the answer from the Trump team came back no. The reason was consistent: This one had said disparaging things about Mr. Trump during the campaign; that one had signed a letter opposing him. Finally, the White House asked Mr. Abrams himself to meet with the president about becoming deputy secretary of state, only to have the same thing happen — vetoed because of past criticism.
Mr. Abrams’s experience has become a case study in the challenges Mr. Trump still faces in filling top positions a month into his presidency. Mr. Trump remains fixated on the campaign as he applies a loyalty test to some prospective officials. For their part, many Republicans reacted to what happened to Mr. Abrams with dismay, leaving them increasingly leery about joining an administration that cannot get past the past.
As Mr. Trump brings candidates for national security adviser to meet with him in Florida this weekend, he presides over a government where the upper echelons remain sparsely populated. Six of the 15 statutory cabinet secretaries are still awaiting Senate confirmation as Democrats nearly uniformly oppose almost all of the president’s choices. Even some of the cabinet secretaries who are in place may feel they are home alone.
It is not just Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson who has no deputy secretary, much less Trump-appointed under secretaries or assistant secretaries. Neither do the heads of the Treasury Department, the Education Department or any of the other cabinet departments. Only three of 15 nominees have been named for deputy secretary positions. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis has a deputy only because he kept the one left over from President Barack Obama’s administration.
That does not even begin to cover the rest of the more than 4,000 appointments that a president typically makes. In some cases, the Trump administration is even going in reverse. A senior political appointee at the housing department, who had already started the job, was fired this past week and marched out of the building when someone discovered his previous statements critical of Mr. Trump.
The president’s top Latin America official at the National Security Council was likewise fired after just weeks on the job for complaining about internal dysfunction at an off-the-record discussion at a Washington research organization, according to officials, who confirmed a Politico report. The State Department has laid off six top career officials in recent days, apparently out of questions about their loyalty to Mr. Trump.
“Many tough things were said about him and by him” before last year’s election, Mr. Abrams, who served as President Ronald Reagan’s assistant secretary of state and President George W. Bush’s deputy national security adviser, said in an interview. “I would have hoped he would have turned toward just hiring the most effective people to help him govern rather than looking back to what we said in that race.”
Mr. Trump has fallen behind the pace of his last three predecessors both in naming senior officials who require Senate confirmation and in securing their confirmations, according to data compiled by the nonpartisan Partnership for Public Service. Whereas Mr. Obama had nominated 40 senior officials by Feb. 11, 2009, Mr. Trump had named 34 of them as of Friday. Mr. Obama had 24 confirmed at that point, while Mr. Trump has 14.
The trouble assembling an administration reflects the deeper rift between Mr. Trump and the Washington establishment of both parties. A reality-show businessman with no government experience, Mr. Trump catapulted to power on a promise to break up the existing system. Even after he won the Republican nomination last year, he did little to win over those who had opposed him, while his “never Trump” critics within the party kept up a steady assault on his qualifications and temperament.
Mr. Trump faces other hurdles, too. With no cadre ready to go from past political service, he has been starting from scratch. His team has been slow to vet candidates, and in some cases his choices have had troubles with their business backgrounds or other matters. And Democrats have mounted a wall of resistance to his nominations, slowing the process down.
The White House did not respond to requests for comment, but Mr. Trump has disputed reports of troubles. “The White House is running so smoothly, so smoothly,” he told a rally of supporters in Melbourne, Fla., on Saturday. “And believe me, we inherited one big mess, that I can tell you.”
The ill will between Mr. Trump and much of the Republican establishment works both ways. Many Republicans who might have agreed to work for the president have been turned off by what they consider his sometimes erratic behavior and the competing power centers inside his White House. After firing his first national security adviser, Michael T. Flynn, Mr. Trump found that his initial choice for a replacement, Robert S. Harward, a retired vice admiral, would not take the job.
“The problem is that with each successive episode, it raises the stakes for the next one,” said Peter D. Feaver, a Duke University professor who was a strategic planning adviser to Mr. Bush. “It’s going to be hard for the next outsider to accept the national security job and not request the ability to make personnel changes.”
Richard N. Haass, a former Republican official and now president of the Council on Foreign Relations, said Mr. Trump had “ruled out much of an entire generation of Republican public policy types” and alarmed others with his empowerment of Stephen K. Bannon, his chief strategist, to shape national security. Even some cabinet secretaries appear unable to pick their own staff.
“This is unprecedented, it’s untraditional, it’s outside the mainstream,” said Mr. Haass, whose own name had been floated for a position. “And so it’s just that you’d be signing on for, at a minimum, tremendous uncertainty, and quite possibly for being associated with a set of policies you deeply disagree with.”
Stuart Holliday, an ambassador under Mr. Bush, said many Republicans would want to work for Mr. Tillerson or Mr. Mattis. “However, the Republican foreign policy bench is not that deep at senior levels,” he said, “especially if you factor in people who took themselves off the field.”
Former Senator Judd Gregg, Republican of New Hampshire, said the business veterans that Mr. Trump had enlisted for his cabinet were “the most positive thing about his administration so far.” But he added that the president’s disregard for advice could complicate his efforts to fill posts. “You get the feeling that he’s still flying by his own experiences,” he said, “and that’s got to concern anyone who cares about these issues.”
For Mr. Trump, the challenge is more pronounced because he and his advisers feel they cannot trust some of the senior career professionals still working at the White House or cabinet departments. Leaks about Mr. Flynn and Mr. Trump’s phone calls with foreign leaders have convinced White House officials that they face an opposition within.
“You have a new administration that also has fewer people familiar with the processes and systems of government, including the importance of the vetting process,” said Max Stier, the chief executive of the Center for Presidential Transition at the Partnership for Public Service. “You can’t operate as they did in the campaign context, with a smaller than usual group — it doesn’t work.”
Indeed, Mr. Trump’s failure to vet candidates in advance has led to some stumbles. A White House scheduler was fired this past week because of an issue that surfaced in her background check, something that normally would have been completed weeks ago.
Another challenge has been Mr. Trump’s implementation of ethics rules that bar White House officials from lobbying for five years after they leave the government, prompting senior congressional officials and lobbyists to demur.
Mr. Trump has faulted the Democratic minority in the Senate for obstructing his choices. Democrats have voted almost as a bloc against many of his nominees, breaking with long tradition in which the opposition party largely went along with a president’s selections, except in specific cases of controversy. “The Democrats are making it very difficult,” Mr. Trump said at his news conference on Thursday. “This is pure delay tactics.”
Despite his own experience, one person still urging Republicans to take jobs in the administration is Mr. Abrams. “I have been encouraging everybody to go into the government if offered an appropriate position,” he said. “That was my view, and it’s still my view, because you have one president and one government at a time.”



ARTICLE
MOUNT PLEASANT, S.C. — The Republican lawmakers stood with fixed smiles, shifting in place, facing down turmoil but no trial inside a municipal courtroom overstuffed with constituents.
Across the room, the first questioner foretold a long Saturday morning: “Are you personally proud,” the man, Ernest Fava, 54, said of President Trump, “to have this person representing our country?” The more than 200 attendees stirred, with at least as many waiting outside.
Senator Tim Scott tried first: “Given the two choices I had, I am thankful that Trump is our president,” he said, to ferocious boos.
Then Representative Mark Sanford waded in: “I think we’re all struggling with it,” he said of the tumultuous first month, to nods.
As members of Congress return home during a legislative recess many Republicans are dreading, a hearty few on Saturday charged headlong into the resistance. At events across the country, lawmakers have strained to quell the boiling anger at Mr. Trump — and often, the Republican Party — after four extraordinary weeks.
The break from Capitol Hill is doubling as a real-time stress test for both pro-Trump Republicans and anti-Trump protesters — an early signal of how much latitude will be afforded to members who continue defending the president and how much venom they are willing to absorb.
Constituent descriptions of Mr. Trump were rarely kind: “huge red elephant octopus,” orange-hued “Nixon” reincarnate, and “drunk driver” at the American wheel.
“No one paid us to be here,” Amanda Taylor, 44, said before the South Carolina forum, in a rejoinder to some Republicans’ claims that agitators were being compensated to hijack their appearances. “This is our time.”
For the lawmakers, early returns were mixed. In North Harmony, N.Y., Representative Tom Reed confronted what felt like interminable jeers, navigating hostile questions about abortion rights, efforts to dismantle the Affordable Care Act and Mr. Trump’s tax returns. The crowd at a senior center was so large that the event was moved to the parking lot outside. Chants of “Do your job!” rang out.
When he declared that the Affordable Care Act would be repealed, boos rained.
“What I have heard is passion,” Mr. Reed said. “What I have heard is democracy.”
“It’s O.K., it’s O.K., it’s O.K.,” he offered at one point. A retort came quickly: “It’s not O.K.!”
Even calling on a child offered no respite: When he turned to a young girl for a question, she asked him, pointedly, why he wanted to get rid of the Environmental Protection Agency. The crowd roared.
In a brief interview afterward, Mr. Reed suggested that he appreciated the feedback, to a point. “I’m a human being,” he said. “Obviously, you have a human response to it.”
In South Carolina, the twin billing of Mr. Sanford and Mr. Scott allowed for a live comparison in how to handle Trump queries. The town hall-style event was organized by Mr. Sanford’s office in conjunction with Indivisible Charleston, the local chapter of a national organization founded on the stated goal of “resisting the Trump agenda.”
The result, predictably, was a tough room, particularly for Mr. Scott, a late addition to the gathering and a Republican less willing than Mr. Sanford to criticize Mr. Trump.
“May I finish?” Mr. Scott asked repeatedly, as attendees interrupted his answers defending dismantling the Affordable Care Act.
At one point, Mr. Sanford supplied a lifeline. “Can I interject for a second?” he asked.
“Oh, please,” Mr. Scott replied.
Later, he sought to explain his support for Betsy DeVos as education secretary, assuring those gathered that he did not think he knew more about education than teachers.
“Wait, wait, I’m not done,” a teacher interjected as he spoke, berating him for failing to visit her school.
“Yes, ma’am,” the senator said.
By Saturday afternoon, perhaps only Mr. Sanford had won many new admirers, holding forth for over three hours, including two spent addressing the overflow crowd outside.
He earned cheers for challenging Mr. Trump to release his tax returns and for lamenting the administration’s embrace of “alternative facts.”
One woman sang “Big Yellow Taxi” to him, for reasons that were not entirely clear. Another said she had driven hours to see him.
“That’s a way to trash a weekend,” Mr. Sanford said.
The night before, the congressman issued a prediction of sorts.
“They’re down to watch me become a human piñata,” he said Friday evening, gesturing to two reporters trailing him in Charleston, S.C., at the Ducks Unlimited Oyster Roast and Lowcountry Cookout.
Mr. Sanford’s stop there included constituent outreach of another kind: He inhaled shrimp, grits and Miller Lite in the company of acquaintances who seemed broadly supportive of Mr. Trump. He did interrupt the glad-handing long enough to shuck oysters, greet a black Labrador retriever puppy up for sale, flash a peace sign at a banjo player and insist that a reporter buy a shotgun at auction for $20. (He declined.)
“It’s like Nascar,” Mr. Sanford said of his return to the town hall fray on Saturday morning. “They’re just waiting for the car wreck.”
There was no car wreck, precisely. Mr. Fava, the initial questioner, said Mr. Sanford “did good” in his answer. At times, people nodded to Mr. Sanford’s dissents, urging him to venture further out on a limb.
But often in Washington, he can seem like a caucus of one. In a city with a dress code, Mr. Sanford disdains formal wear. While he is not the only member of Congress to pursue an extramarital affair, he is almost certainly the first to turn “hiking the Appalachian Trail” into a euphemism for all time.
The fallout from that episode — the disappearance to Argentina to visit his mistress, the wrenching public confession upon his return, the journey from possible presidential contender to political pariah to humble congressman — appears to have left him more eager than most to sort through uncomfortable truths.
So it was on Saturday, in a moment of boiling anger on the left and skittishness among many Republican lawmakers to face their own constituents, that Mr. Sanford seemed inclined once more to embrace his inner masochist.
He slogged through questions about health care, immigration and, in at least one instance, word choice.
“Irregardless …” Mr. Sanford began, during a debate on pre-existing conditions.
“Irregardless is not a word!” a man cried.
“Regardless,” Mr. Sanford amended.
“Thank you!”
By then, about an hour after starting, Mr. Sanford had gone to address the outdoor crowd beside a football field. Mr. Scott said he had to leave to attend a funeral.
Several constituents expressed gratitude that the two had bothered to come in the first place. One young woman, greeting Mr. Scott as he left, said she hoped to pursue public service herself.
“You still want to be in government?” he asked with a smirk, motioning toward the masses.
Mr. Sanford was just getting started, and would nearly outlast his questioners.
He was asked if he still felt like a human piñata after the fact.
“I’m always a human piñata,” he said, turning to jog across a busy roadway, looking for his car.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The White House budget office has drafted a hit list of programs that President Trump could eliminate to trim domestic spending, including longstanding conservative targets like the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, the Legal Services Corporation, AmeriCorps and the National Endowments for the Arts and the Humanities.
Work on the first Trump administration budget has been delayed as the budget office awaited Senate confirmation of former Representative Mick Mulvaney, a spending hard-liner, as budget director. Now that he is in place, his office is ready to move ahead with a list of nine programs to eliminate, an opening salvo in the Trump administration’s effort to reorder the government and increase spending on defense and infrastructure.
Most of the programs cost under $500 million annually, a pittance for a government that is projected to spend about $4 trillion this year. And a few are surprising, even though most if not all have been perennial targets for conservatives.
Mr. Trump has spoken volubly about the nation’s drug problems, yet the list includes the White House’s Office of National Drug Control Policy, which dispenses grants to reduce drug use and drug trafficking. And despite Mr. Trump’s vocal promotion of American exports, the list includes the Export-Import Bank, which has guaranteed loans to foreign customers of American companies since the 1930s.
While the total amount of annual savings of roughly $2.5 billion would be comparatively small, administration officials want to highlight the agencies in their coming budget proposal as examples of misuse of taxpayer dollars. An internal memo circulated within the Office of Management and Budget on Tuesday, and obtained by The New York Times, notes that the list could change. Proposals for more extensive cuts in cabinet-level agencies are expected to follow.
During his campaign, Mr. Trump promised large but unspecified cuts to rein in the deficit, even as he promised to protect programs for his working-class voters and to drastically expand spending on the military, roads, bridges and airports. While the memo in no way resolves that contradiction, it suggests that he could lean toward a small-government philosophy that conservatives like Mr. Mulvaney have fiercely advocated.
The Office of Management and Budget is currently operating with a skeleton staff; Mr. Mulvaney was only confirmed on Thursday. Still, officials there plan to ask agencies targeted for elimination for their responses by next Friday and to finalize the list by March 13, according to a person familiar with the process.
The White House did not respond to a request for comment on the proposed cuts. Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said this month that the administration would release a detailed budget in the next few weeks. Since taking office, Mr. Trump has spoken about government spending only in general terms.
“A balanced budget is fine,” Mr. Trump said in an interview with Fox News last month. “But sometimes you have to fuel the well in order to really get the economy going.”
He added: “I want a balanced budget eventually. But I want to have a strong military.”
The president’s hope to increase military spending, shared by many Republicans, will probably be at the center of the looming budget battle in Congress. Funding for the current fiscal year is set to expire on April 28. The administration is expected to make a supplemental request before then for money to go to the military — and possibly a wall on the Mexican border.
But under the Budget Control Act of 2011, spending on defense and domestic programs is capped. Democrats will demand that any lifting of those caps for the military be matched by a higher ceiling for domestic programs, setting the stage for a legislative logjam or a showdown over whether to preserve the parliamentary stalling tactic known as the Senate filibuster.
Steve Bell, a former staff director of the Senate Budget Committee who is now with the Bipartisan Policy Center, said the programs identified in the memo are standard targets for Republican budget-cutters but of little significance in the government’s financial picture.
“It’s sad in a way because those programs aren’t causing the deficit,” Mr. Bell said. “These programs don’t amount to a hill of beans.”
One surprise for some close watchers of Mr. Trump’s presidential campaign is the inclusion of the Export-Import Bank on the O.M.B.’s list. Other Republican candidates had promised to eliminate the bank, a favorite target of House conservatives like Mr. Mulvaney. Conservatives, led by the billionaire Koch brothers, have run a multimillion-dollar campaign to kill the bank, which guarantees loans for overseas customers of American corporations, by denouncing it as “crony capitalism.”
But Mr. Trump was more circumspect during the campaign, saying he favored programs to promote American exports. The biggest recipient of the bank’s assistance — and its biggest booster — is the aerospace giant Boeing, which President Trump visited on Friday and lavishly praised.
But the president has stacked his White House with budget hawks. Stephen Miller, one of Mr. Trump’s most senior advisers, was a top aide to Jeff Sessions, who is now the attorney general and spent much of his Senate career trying to rein in government spending.
For director of budget policy and deputy director of the Domestic Policy Council, Mr. Trump chose Paul Winfree, an economist with the conservative Heritage Foundation. In its own proposed budget blueprint, the Heritage Foundation recommended eliminating virtually the same programs listed in the Office of Management and Budget memo, along with a long list of others.
Many of those programs have been attacked by conservatives since the Republican “revolution” of 1994. Led by then-Speaker Newt Gingrich, the House of Representatives at the time repeatedly went after funding for the National Endowment for the Arts, the National Endowment for the Humanities and the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, whose supporters dragged Big Bird and Kermit the Frog to Capitol Hill to make their case.
The Appalachian Regional Commission, an independent agency aimed at developing some of the poorest parts of the country, has also been a target.
These agencies have managed to survive partly because of powerful patrons in the Senate, including the late Robert C. Byrd, Democrat of West Virginia. Even now, with 48 seats in the Senate, Democrats have considerable leverage to save popular programs.
Backers of the National Endowment for the Arts are likely to put up a particularly vigorous fight.
“The public wants to see agencies like the N.E.A. continue,” said Robert L. Lynch, head of Americans for the Arts, a nonprofit organization. “There is always a debate, but there has been agreement among Republicans and Democrats that funding for the arts is a good thing, and it has been kept in place.”
Other agencies on the budget office’s list of cuts include the Overseas Private Investment Corporation and the Corporation for National and Community Service, which finances programs run by AmeriCorps and SeniorCorps. The memo also proposed reducing funding for the Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation, a nonprofit organization focused on urban development.
Stephen Moore, another Heritage Foundation economist who advised Mr. Trump during his campaign, acknowledged that powerful constituencies were behind many of the programs that are on the chopping block. But he said now that Republicans are finally in control of the government, they must make a valiant effort to fulfill the promises they have been making to voters for years.
“I think it’s an important endeavor to try to get rid of things that are unnecessary,” Mr. Moore said. “The American public has a lot of contempt for how government is run in Washington, in no small part because there is so much waste.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — In a letter to President Trump made public this week, 11 Republican senators said that a parole-like board that decides whether to recommend transferring Guantánamo Bay detainees “should be suspended immediately.”
The next hearing of the Periodic Review Board is scheduled for Feb. 28; the Pentagon this week invited reporters to attend it. If the hearing goes forward as planned, it would be the second of the Trump era. The first was on Feb. 9, the same day that the senators wrote their letter.
The tension over the panel is elevating attention to it and its potential fate under Mr. Trump.
What is the Periodic Review Board?
Established by President Barack Obama in a 2011 executive order, the board looks at Guantánamo detainees who have been deemed untriable but too dangerous to release. The board’s job is to determine whether each such prisoner should be held in open-ended detention or moved to a list of those recommended for transfer to stable countries.
The board is made up of senior Civil Service officials from six agencies: the Departments of Defense, Homeland Security, Justice and State, and the offices of the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the director of national intelligence. It operates by consensus, so each department or agency essentially has a veto, and the heads of each agency can overrule a recommendation.
A decision by the board to put a detainee on the transfer list does not necessarily mean he will be released: The government considers eligibility for transfer a policy recommendation, not a legal right. In the Obama era, dozens of men — mostly lower-level detainees from Yemen — stayed locked up for years after being put on the list because there was no good place to send them.
The Obama administration ultimately reduced the list to five, but the Trump administration has given no indication that it will try to repatriate or resettle the men.
Where did the board come from?
The law of war permits the detention without trial of captured enemies until hostilities end. But that rule was designed for traditional wars that last only a few years. Because the war against Al Qaeda and its progeny may last a lifetime, the government decided it needed a process to decide whether it still made sense to keep holding a particular prisoner as the years passed.
In its second term, George W. Bush’s administration set up a predecessor panel called the Administrative Review Board. Unlike the Periodic Review Board, the panel was made up of military officers only, and detainees had no right to legal representation during their hearings. In 2009, Mr. Obama shut down the Bush-era board and appointed a six-agency task force to review the remaining detainees. It recommended transferring 156, continuing to hold 48 without trial, and prosecuting 36, though not all of those ended up being charged. Mr. Obama later created the boards to periodically re-evaluate those who were neither charged nor already on the transfer list.
What is its record?
Since the Periodic Review Board began operating in late 2013, it has re-examined 63 detainees being held in open-ended detention. To date, the board has designated 37 for transfer — most of whom are now gone — while reaffirming the continued detention of 26.
Why is it controversial?
Republicans criticized Mr. Obama’s efforts to whittle down the number of men being held at Guantánamo, warning about the risk of recidivism. According to the office of the director of national intelligence, of 693 former detainees transferred through July 2016, 17.6 percent are “confirmed” to have re-engaged in militant activity, and another 12.4 percent are “suspected” of having done so.
“There should be no further releases from Gitmo,” Mr. Trump wrote on Twitter early last month, amid the final transfers of the Obama era. “These are extremely dangerous people and should not be allowed back onto the battlefield.”
Still, most recidivist former detainees left during the Bush administration, which carried out bulk repatriations to countries like Afghanistan and Saudi Arabia. Among those who left since 2009, 5.6 percent are deemed “confirmed” and 6.8 percent are “suspected.”
Is Trump legally required to keep the board?
No statute requires the boards to operate. The Geneva Conventions require an initial status hearing for captured enemy fighters but not periodic reviews thereafter. But some legal scholars argue that because this war is open-ended, there may be an implied or customary legal requirement for a parole-like process. If Mr. Trump shuts down the boards, lawyers for detainees would probably use that absence of any process to bring new habeas corpus challenges.
The Trump administration has been circulating various drafts of an executive order on detainee policy, some of which call for Defense Secretary Jim Mattis to lead a 120-day review of whether to carry out any more transfers. But Charles Stimson, a scholar at the conservative Heritage Foundation who was the top Pentagon detainee policy official in the Bush administration’s second term and who helped develop the predecessor Administrative Review Board, argued that the Periodic Review Board served a “valuable function.”
“Keeping those boards going is a separate and distinct issue from what criteria they should use and whether or not the secretaries are ultimately going to agree with any recommendation they make,” Mr. Stimson said. “I would caution the administration against scrapping them unless and until they study the issue more closely.”



ARTICLE
NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. — President Trump, seeking to reset his stumbling presidency, hit the road for a photo op and returned to the simple economic message that got him elected, telling aircraft factory workers that “we’re here to celebrate jobs.”
The president toured a sprawling Boeing complex here, next to the airport, en route to a weekend in Florida that includes a stay at his Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach, and a Saturday rally in Melbourne. Both are the kind of campaign-style events he has often turned to for a political and personal jolt in times of turmoil.
“We’re going to fight for every last American job,” said Mr. Trump, adding that his “focus” was on jobs. He spoke after slowly walking in front of a gleaming new Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner at a slickly produced event that erased the lines between corporate and political branding.
“God bless Boeing,” Mr. Trump said after offering a similar benediction for the nation.
Swerving from the script loaded into the teleprompter, he joked with Boeing’s chief executive, Dennis Muilenburg, about continuing negotiations over the cost of building a new fleet of Air Force One jets (the current models are more than three decades old).
“What can look so beautiful at 30? An airplane,” he said, as the audience guffawed.
Mr. Trump, fresh off his raucous news conference in the East Room of the White House on Thursday, seemed thrilled to escape the marble political prison of the executive complex — and to break free from a narrative of chaos and infighting that has characterized his rocky and eventful presidential debut.
He left Washington after a week of humbling setbacks that included the forced withdrawal of his choice for labor secretary and the firing of Michael T. Flynn, his national security adviser, in the wake of reports that Mr. Flynn misled investigators and Vice President Mike Pence about his conversations with Russia’s ambassador to Washington.
The president’s trip came hours after the man he chose to replace Mr. Flynn, retired Vice Adm. Robert S. Harward, turned him down. He has plans to meet with other candidates this weekend in Florida.
Mr. Trump’s appearance at the manufacturing complex, in a state he won by 15 points in November, vividly illustrated the second side of his split-screen presidency. It was a disciplined drumbeat of events, including meetings with labor and business leaders intended to demonstrate his commitment to ensuring working-class economic security. That was the pledge that moved skeptical swing state voters to his cause.
“There’s the palace intrigue story about them not being very well coordinated, that the White House isn’t ready for prime time, that he’s still setting things up,” said Senator Lindsey Graham, a South Carolina Republican and frequent Trump critic. “There’s a lot of cracks in the armor. And then you have the whole Flynn situation.”
“But you have a very disciplined president when it comes to economic messaging,” said Mr. Graham, who was in Washington on Friday with the Senate in session. “How can that be? I just think he’s more comfortable talking about how we are going to make America a better place for jobs than he is at articulating foreign policy.”
Mr. Trump, a president obsessed with optics, could not have chosen a more impressive backdrop to emphasize his commitment to preserving jobs. His staff spent about a week prepping for his visit to the facility here, a six-story factory hangar with four massive Dreamliners under construction, cowlings peeled back to expose the inner workings of the engines, signs affixed to their bodies to indicate their purchasers — in one case, Aeroméxico.
The visit came two days after Boeing workers in the state rejected an attempt by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers to unionize the production line.
South Carolina is a so-called right-to-work state, with a low level of union participation. Since it began production here in 2009, Boeing has hired 7,500 employees spread around several facilities, investing more than $2 billion in land and infrastructure, while spending about $355 million each year on local suppliers and vendors, according to the company.
“This is our house, and our house is going to remain union free!” said Joan Robinson-Berry, one of plant’s managers, to the applause of about 2,000 employees and local officials who gathered for the president’s visit.
But that was about it for substance or controversy.
Mr. Trump has criticized Boeing for what he suggested was an overpriced Air Force One replacement. On Friday, he repeated that “the price is too high” but also noted that “we’re negotiating.” Referring to one of Boeing’s major competitors, he said: “We love Lockheed. Great partner.”
The president also said more explicitly than before that the Pentagon would consider buying more Boeing F/A-18 fighters in place of some of the Lockheed Martin F-35s that it had planned to order if Lockheed does not keep lowering the price of the F-35. “If the price doesn’t come down, we would,” he said. Now that Boeing has made it somewhat stealthier, he said, “The F-18’s a great plane.”
Some in the president’s own party, including Mr. Graham, had hoped he would use the trip to announce his support for the embattled Export-Import Bank, a financing partner for Boeing and other companies battling foreign-based competitors. He did not.
The bank is a New Deal-era institution that helps American companies operating overseas arrange and guarantee loans for international customers. It has jokingly been called “the Bank of Boeing,” because the Chicago-based aerospace giant has been among the biggest beneficiaries of the bank’s efforts, with as much of a third of Ex-Im financing deals being steered to help the company win contracts against competitors like Europe’s Airbus.
Mr. Trump, who promised to drain the Washington “swamp,” did not stake out a position on the bank during the 2016 campaign. But he joined the chorus of conservatives and progressive Democrats — ranging from Senator Mike Lee, Republican of Utah, to Senator Bernie Sanders, independent of Vermont — who have described the bank as corporate welfare. In one campaign appearance, Mr. Trump called some of the bank’s deals “featherbedding.”
But the president has softened his stance considerably since the inauguration, as he has moved his focus from assuaging his party’s base to fulfilling big campaign promises on jobs, trade and manufacturing. In the last few weeks, he told pro-bank senators that he was leaning toward the appointment of new board members, breaking an impasse that has frozen lending and deal-making for more than a year.
“The comments that he did make during the campaign were critical of the bank, and the signal I got was that he was not a supporter,” said Diane Katz, a fellow with the conservative Heritage Foundation, which has worked closely with Mr. Trump’s team but opposes the bank as a government intrusion into free markets.
“Since taking office, he has emphasized the refashioning of trade deals to benefit U.S. workers and retaining manufacturing, so there seems to be a change,” she said. “I hope he’s not backtracking. Boeing, the primary beneficiary of the bank, has a market cap of almost $150 billion. They don’t need any more corporate welfare.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The Senate confirmed Scott Pruitt on Friday to run the Environmental Protection Agency, putting a seasoned legal opponent of the agency at the helm of President Trump’s efforts to dismantle major regulations on climate change and clean water — and to cut the size and authority of the government’s environmental enforcer.
Senators voted 52 to 46 to confirm Mr. Pruitt, the Oklahoma attorney general who has built a career out of suing to block the E.P.A.’s major environmental rules and has called for the dissolution of much of the agency’s authority. One Republican, Susan Collins of Maine, crossed party lines to vote against Mr. Pruitt, while two Democrats, Joe Manchin III of West Virginia and Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota, both from coal-rich states where voters generally oppose environmental rules, voted for him.
Democrats railed all night on the Senate floor against Mr. Pruitt and urged Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, to delay the confirmation vote until after next Tuesday, when the Oklahoma attorney general’s office is under order to release about 3,000 of Mr. Pruitt’s emails related to his communications with the fossil fuel industry.
But the effort did little but deprive Democrats of sleep.
Democrats, environmental groups and even current E.P.A. employees have harshly criticized Mr. Pruitt’s record of fighting the mission of the agency he will now lead, as well as his close ties with the fossil fuel industry he will now regulate. Both opponents and supporters of Mr. Pruitt’s say he is well positioned to carry out Mr. Trump’s campaign trail promises to dismantle the agency and slash its ranks of employees. Mr. Trump vowed to “get rid” of the agency “in almost every form.”
A 2014 investigation by The Times found that energy lobbyists drafted letters for Mr. Pruitt to send, on state stationery, to the E.P.A., outlining the economic hardship of the environmental rules. Many of the coal, oil and gas companies represented by those lobbyists were also some his largest campaign contributors. Mr. Pruitt also worked jointly with those companies in filing multiple lawsuits against major E.P.A. regulations.
Democrats say the emails to be released on Tuesday could reveal more, and possibly disqualifying, information about those relationships.
“I reminded my colleagues that the release of these documents could be imminent and that we would be wise wait to vote on Mr. Pruitt’s nomination until we had the opportunity to review them — and shame on us if we didn’t,” said Senator Thomas R. Carper of Delaware, the ranking Democrat on the Environment and Public Works Committee.
“Mr. Pruitt has been nominated by a man who, as a nominee, as a president-elect and now as president, has made clear his goals to degrade and destroy the E.P.A.,” Mr. Carper said. “Like many things President Trump says, we ask ourselves, ‘Did he mean it?’ With the nomination of Mr. Pruitt, it’s clear he did.”
For many Republicans, that appears to be part of Mr. Pruitt’s appeal. During the Obama administration, Mr. McConnell became a leading opponent of the president’s climate change agenda, particularly its centerpiece, a set of E.P.A. regulations intended to shut down heavily polluting coal-fired power plants and replace them with wind and solar power. Those rules, if enacted, could disproportionately hurt the economy of Mr. McConnell’s coal-rich state.
Mr. Pruitt, who has expressed skepticism about human-caused global warming, has been a key architect of the legal battle to overturn the rules.
“Pruitt is just the candidate we need at the helm of the E.P.A.,” Mr. McConnell said. “He’s exceptionally qualified. He’s dedicated to environmental protection. And, as someone with state government experience, he understands the real-world consequences of E.P.A. actions and knows that balance is the key to making policies that are sustainable over the long-term.”
Mr. McConnell added: “We should confirm him. Doing so will represent another positive change in Washington that can give hope to families in Kentucky and across the nation who are still recovering from the last eight years.”
Within days of Mr. Pruitt’s swearing-in, Mr. Trump is expected to sign one or more executive orders aimed at undoing Mr. Obama’s climate change policies, people familiar with the White House’s plans said.
While it will be impossible to undo the rules immediately, the presidential signatures would give Mr. Pruitt his marching orders to commence the one- to two-year legal process of withdrawing the Obama-era climate rules and replacing them with looser, more industry-friendly rules. It is also possible that under Mr. Pruitt, the Trump administration could pursue the bold legal strategy of challenging the underlying legal requirement that the federal government regulate planet-warming greenhouse gases in the first place.
Already, Mr. Pruitt has begun work to reshape the environmental agency. Among the candidates he has interviewed for top positions are several former senior staff members in the office of his fellow Oklahoma Republican, Senator James M. Inhofe, who has become known as Congress’s most prominent denier of the science of global warming.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump’s efforts to secure the nation’s borders and get tough on illegal immigrants, announced just days after he took office, now face serious logistical problems along with the legal challenges that threaten his ability to make good on a central campaign promise.
The crackdown requires a vast commitment of resources, including hiring 15,000 new border patrol and immigration enforcement agents, which officials say will take at least two years to accomplish.
Large detention centers for thousands of Central American asylum seekers who cross the southern border will need to be built because of an executive order by Mr. Trump calling for an end to “catch and release” — the Obama administration policy that the immigrants be released temporarily into the United States while their cases are processed.
In the meantime, the White House has not produced a replacement for another executive order by Mr. Trump, a ban on travel from seven predominantly Muslim countries that was blocked by a federal court. The president said on Thursday that in order to withstand the legal challenges, his lawyers are now preparing a more narrow executive order that is likely to exempt green card holders, students, tech workers and those with longstanding connections to the United States.
In a rambling news conference on Thursday, the president said his administration had undertaken “the most substantial border security measures in a generation,” and he said that efforts to find and deport “criminal aliens” would make the United States safer.
“Some people are so surprised that we’re having strong borders,” Mr. Trump said. “Well, that’s what I’ve been talking about for a year and a half, strong borders. They’re so surprised: ‘Oh, he is having strong borders.’ Well, that’s what I’ve been talking about to the press and to everybody else.”
But his early efforts to translate all of that talk into action are already running into the reality of governing in Washington, where legal constraints on taking action — and debates about paying for it — are legendary.
Mr. Trump has promised to hire 15,000 new Border Patrol and Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents as part of a larger deportation force that can remove millions of undocumented immigrants from the United States, something he repeatedly promised to do during the campaign.
But hiring such a large number of agents in a short period of time would be nearly impossible, according to John F. Kelly, the former general whom Mr. Trump chose to be the secretary of the Department of Homeland Security.
“I don’t believe we’re going to get 10,000 and 5,000 on board within the next couple of years,” Mr. Kelly told lawmakers on Capitol Hill this month, explaining that stringent hiring standards and training regimens slow down the process.
“I’d rather have fewer and make sure that they’re high-quality people that are already serving in those organizations, already well trained, but I will not skimp on the training and the standards,” Mr. Kelly said.
One of the problems that Mr. Kelly faces is a polygraph test that prospective agents, including those seeking to work for the Border Patrol, must take. According to a former senior homeland security official, nearly 60 percent of applicants fail it.
The test was first put in place after another surge in hiring during the George W. Bush administration. Thousands of people were hired without being properly vetted, which resulted in dozens of corruption cases involving Border Patrol and other agents, who were accused of taking bribes and providing information to Mexican drug cartels.
The former senior homeland security official, James Tomsheck, who was the assistant commissioner of Customs and Border Protection, office of internal affairs, said in several cases many of the new hires were members of the cartels.
“The corruption and excessive use of force that plague the agency is a direct result of a hiring mandate to hire too many people too rapidly without the proper vetting,” said Mr. Tomsheck, who was removed from his position after, he said, he was accused of being too aggressive in pursuing excessive use-of-force cases.
It is unclear how Mr. Trump and Mr. Kelly plan to solve the manpower problem.
One option, swiftly denied on Friday by the White House, was a plan to use as many as 100,000 National Guard troops as part of a nationwide deportation force that would help to augment federal agents and local authorities newly deputized to enforce the nation’s immigration laws.
The idea emerged in a draft memorandum, first reported by The Associated Press, which asserted that National Guard troops, under the direction of governors in border states, are “particularly well suited to assist in the enforcement of federal immigration law and augment border security operations by Department components.”
Gillian M. Christensen, the acting press secretary for the Department of Homeland Security, said the memorandum was a “very early, pre-decisional draft that never made it to the secretary and was never seriously considered by the department.” Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said on Friday morning that the report by The Associated Press was “100 percent not true.”
But advocates for immigrants reacted with alarm.
“The administration wants to put on a show,” said Kevin Appleby, the senior director of international migration policy at the Center for Migration Studies of New York. “Their intent is to create fear, to create an environment in which people either self-deport or hide in the shadows.”
The proposal to deploy 100,000 troops would be a stark increase in the size and scope of National Guard involvement in border security, but it is not unprecedented.
Several presidents, including George Bush and Barack Obama, called up thousands of National Guard troops to bolster border patrol operations. While they mostly acted as extra eyes to spot illegal border crossings, at times they carried weapons and assisted in drug arrests.
In 1916, in response to cross-border raids by Mexican bandits and what The New York Times described as a “prairie fire of anti-American sentiment that has been sweeping northern Mexico,” President Woodrow Wilson deployed more than 100,000 guardsmen to the border to reinforce regular Army units.
More recently, in July 2014, Rick Perry, then the governor of Texas, ordered 1,000 National Guard troops to its border with Mexico in an effort to bolster his border-security credentials as he prepared to start his presidential campaign.
The deployment has been costly, controversial and continues to this day. The troops live in hotels along the border during their deployments, and the estimate of the costs in 2014 were $12 million a month.
Mr. Perry’s efforts coincided with an influx of undocumented Central American immigrants coming across the border, including unaccompanied children and teenagers. Experts expect another surge in arrivals this spring.
In Mr. Trump’s executive order calling for an end to “catch and release,” he also directed Mr. Kelly to do everything possible to “construct, operate, or control facilities to detain aliens at or near the land border with Mexico.” Immigration experts said that will be costly and take time.
“The bottom line is,” Mr. Appleby said, “they’re doing everything they can legally do until they’re told not to by the courts to expand their capacity to deport as many people as possible.”



ARTICLE
Since President Trump appointed Sebastian Gorka last month as a deputy assistant, Mr. Gorka has been an increasingly visible defender of the administration.
He has spoken out in favor of the targeted travel ban, which spurred mass protests and was then blocked by federal courts. He suggested in a recent interview with The Hill that the CNN anchor Jake Tapper was sexist for aggressively questioning the Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway. He has also insisted that media reports of turmoil in the White House bear “almost no resemblance to reality.”
Mr. Gorka came out swinging again on Thursday, after Mr. Trump’s contentious news conference in which he excoriated the media. Asked by Evan Davis of the BBC to assess Mr. Trump’s appearance, Mr. Gorka repeatedly declared the president’s performance “fabulous.”
“It’s only weird to journalists like yourself, who are biased,” he said.
Who is he? Here’s what we know:
Mr. Gorka is an American citizen who was born in Britain to Hungarian parents. He earned a Ph.D. in political science from Corvinus University of Budapest and has made his living as a national security expert with a focus on Islamist extremism.
He wrote a best-selling book, published last year, called “Defeating Jihad: The Winnable War.” In his Breitbart articles, he has criticized foreign policy under the Obama administration and trumpeted the threat of the Islamic State group.
Mr. Gorka, 46, is a former editor for the far-right media outlet Breitbart News and a friend of Stephen Bannon, the former Breitbart chairman who is now a powerful assistant to Mr. Trump.
Until recently, Mr. Gorka was not well known to Washington policy makers. But his increasing visibility has brought headlines, some less welcome than others.
He has appeared in a number of television and radio interviews as a representative of the Trump administration and a member of a White House team called the Strategic Initiatives Group. The Daily Beast called it a think tank within the White House that was set up by Mr. Bannon and the president’s son-in-law and senior adviser, Jared Kushner.
The group’s formation raised red flags, said Julianne Smith, a former deputy national security adviser to Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. and the director of strategy and statecraft at the Center for a New American Security.
The National Security Council has traditionally played a decisive role in foreign policy decisions, she said. “Now we have the Strategic Initiatives Group and the National Security Council both working on issues of national security and strategy. So my question on Sebastian, ultimately, is: Who is he reporting to? Is he reporting to the National Security Council? Or is this a direct line to Bannon?”
Mr. Gorka said he could not comment for this article without clearance from the White House. But after multiple calls and emails since Tuesday, neither he nor the White House has answered questions about his position or the role of the initiatives group.
This month, Mr. Gorka told CNN that the group would bring private industry expertise to bear on a range of issues, including cybersecurity, veterans affairs and the modernization of government technological systems.
“That is very different from what the National Security Council is doing every day under the sterling leadership of General Flynn,” he added, referring to Michael T. Flynn, then the national security adviser, who would resign 12 days later.
Ms. Smith said she was not personally familiar with Mr. Gorka, though she had crossed paths with him during the early 2000s.
“I don’t know what to believe about this guy, but given his experience at Breitbart and what I had heard years ago, it does appear to me that he takes some rather extreme views,” she said.
Mr. Gorka dismissed such criticisms during a Wednesday interview with Sean Hannity of Fox News and brushed aside some of the more controversial reports buzzing around him.
“I think we’re doing our job very well — don’t you, Sean? — if this is the best they can do,” he said.
He referred to reports, like one from Fusion, that said he had exaggerated his role as an expert witness in the trial of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, who was convicted of helping to carry out the Boston bombing of 2013. Mr. Gorka told Mr. Hannity he still had invoices for the expert report he submitted for the case.
“I may not have taken the stand, but I was an expert on the Boston bombing trial,” he said.
As for the speculations about  Nazi sympathies, they go back to one of Mr. Trump’s inauguration balls, when Mr. Gorka — appearing in photos and a video interview with Mr. Hannity — wore a medal that could be interpreted as a nod to Miklos Horthy, a Hungarian leader who entered into a strained alliance with Nazi Germany in the early years of World War II.
In a video posted by Breitbart on Tuesday, Mr. Gorka said the medal belonged to his father, who he said had suffered “under both the Nazis and the Communists” in Hungary, having lived through World War II and survived torture under the Soviet-imposed government that later came to power.
Mr. Gorka was charged with a misdemeanor after he took  a handgun into Reagan National Airport in Virginia last year.
In a statement quoted by Breitbart, he said that on his way to the airport, he had “grabbed the wrong bag, one I had just used” at a gun range. He added that he was allowed to board his flight, and that the weapon was confiscated.
The charge was dropped early this month.
Though his appointment to the White House occurred only recently, Mr. Gorka has been in touch with Mr. Trump at least since 2015. He wrote last year that he had submitted some policy papers to the presidential candidate and had met with him twice to discuss national security issues.
Federal election commission filings indicate that the Trump campaign paid $8,000 to Mr. Gorka for policy consulting in 2015.
It is difficult to predict the impact Mr. Gorka could have on foreign policy in the White House, Ms. Smith said, especially since he is apparently working under the shadowy aegis of Mr. Bannon.
“We’ve got a situation where both outsiders and certain members of the government are confused about who is serving as the lead on foreign policy decisions,” she said. “And because we are not clear about Steve Bannon’s role, it raises a lot of concern because of his personal views, and also his lack of experience.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Michael Dubke, a veteran Republican strategist whose preferred place is away from a television camera and not standing in front of one, has been chosen as the new White House communications director, three people familiar with his hiring confirmed.
Mr. Dubke is a co-founder of a public affairs firm, the Black Rock Group.
White House press officers did not respond to emails seeking comment, but a senior administration official and two others familiar with the move confirmed that Mr. Dubke is taking on a role that the Trump administration has struggled to fill.
Mr. Dubke has known Sean Spicer, Mr. Trump’s press secretary, for many years, meaning that the pair will most likely make an easy transition working together. The combative Mr. Spicer has the task of appearing for up to an hour at a daily briefing to explain Mr. Trump’s latest Twitter posts or comments.
But while Mr. Spicer has long sought out television time, Mr. Dubke has an aversion to it. In discussions with associates, Mr. Dubke has described his view of his new White House role as an organizational one, helping to make the communications team more efficient.
Mr. Dubke was one of the few people who was interested in the job who did not somehow disqualify himself during the campaign or the transition with deep public criticism of Mr. Trump.
Filling the communications director role had been seen as a pressing task by the president’s inner circle. The lack of a clear and direct message driven by the White House each day has been vexing to the president’s aides, officials said.



ARTICLE
Jake Turx is a newly minted White House correspondent for a publication that has never before had a seat in the White House press corps: Ami Magazine, an Orthodox Jewish weekly based in Brooklyn. He is a singular presence in the briefing room: a young Hasidic Jew with side curls tucked behind his ears and a skullcap embroidered with his Twitter handle.
When President Trump called on him at a news conference on Thursday, saying he was looking for a “friendly reporter,” Mr. Turx was prepared. He had spent an hour crafting a question about a recent surge of anti-Semitism, with a preamble that he hoped would convey his supportive disposition toward Mr. Trump.
But the exchange did not go the way he expected. A few hours later, with the clip replaying on social media and Jewish groups issuing news releases, Mr. Turx, 30, was still reeling. He said in a telephone interview, “Regretfully, today was a day I wish we could have done over.”
His editor, Rabbi Yitzchok Frankfurter, watched aghast from the magazine’s offices as his young correspondent received a tongue-lashing from the president: “It was a very disheartening moment for us, to watch him being berated.”
The exchange began with Mr. Turx standing up from his third-row seat and gesturing slightly toward his fellow reporters:
“Despite what some of my colleagues may have been reporting, I haven’t seen anybody in my community accuse either yourself or anyone on your staff of being anti-Semitic. We understand that you have Jewish grandchildren. You are their zayde,” which is Yiddish for “grandfather” and often a word of great affection.
At that Mr. Trump nodded slightly, and said, “thank you.”
“However,” Mr. Turx continued, “what we are concerned about and what we haven’t really heard being addressed is an uptick in anti-Semitism and how the government is planning to take care of it. There’s been a report out that 48 bomb threats have been made against Jewish centers all across the country in the last couple of weeks. There are people committing anti-Semitic acts or threatening to——”
At that, Mr. Trump interrupted, saying it was “not a fair question.”
“Sit down,” the president commanded. “I understand the rest of your question.”
As Mr. Turx took his seat, Mr. Trump said, “So here’s the story, folks. No. 1, I am the least anti-Semitic person that you’ve ever seen in your entire life. No. 2, racism, the least racist person.”
Mr. Turx tried to interject, realizing how the encounter had turned. He said he had wanted to clarify that he in no way meant to accuse Mr. Trump of anti-Semitism but instead intended to ask what his administration could do to stop the anti-Semitic incidents.
But Mr. Trump would not let him speak again, saying, “Quiet, quiet, quiet.” As Mr. Turx shook his head with an incredulous look on his face, Mr. Trump accused him of having lied that his question would be straight and simple.
Mr. Trump said, “I find it repulsive. I hate even the question because people that know me. …”
He went on to say that Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel, during his visit to the United States on Wednesday, had vouched for Mr. Trump as a good friend of Israel and the Jewish people and no anti-Semite.
Mr. Trump concluded that Mr. Turx should have relied on Mr. Netanyahu’s endorsement, “instead of having to get up and ask a very insulting question like that.”
“Just shows you about the press, but that’s the way the press is,” Mr. Trump said.
At the news conference, Mr. Turx was referring to a rash of incidents that have shaken many American Jews since Mr. Trump was elected. On three separate days in January, Jewish synagogues, community centers and schools across the country received what seemed to be a coordinated wave of telephone bomb threats that led to evacuations and F.B.I. investigations. Other Jewish institutions have seen an uptick in vandalism and graffiti in the last few months.
It was the second time in two days that Mr. Trump was asked to denounce anti-Semitism and offer American Jews a dose of reassurance. In his joint news conference with Mr. Netanyahu, Mr. Trump responded to a question about anti-Semitism by breezily recounting the size of his Electoral College victory and then reminding the reporters that his daughter, Ivanka, his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, and their three children — Mr. Trump’s grandchildren — are all Jewish.
The Anti-Defamation League issued a statement on Thursday that said, “It is mind-boggling why President Trump prefers to shout down a reporter or brush this off as a political distraction.”
David Harris, chief executive of the American Jewish Committee, said, “Respectfully, Mr. President, please use your bully pulpit not to bully reporters asking questions potentially affecting millions of fellow Americans, but rather to help solve a problem that, for many, is real and menacing.”
Surveys show that Mr. Trump was not the choice of the majority of American Jews, who tend to vote for Democrats and came out in force for Hillary Clinton. Many Jews have been critical of Mr. Trump for not more forcefully denouncing anti-Semites and racists like David Duke, a former leader of the Ku Klux Klan who endorsed Mr. Trump during the campaign. Many Jewish leaders are also wary of Stephen K. Bannon, Mr. Trump’s White House strategist, because of the close affinity between Breitbart News, which he once ran, and the white supremacists in the movement known as the alt-right.
On Friday, the leaders of Reform Judaism, which includes more than a third of American Jews and is the largest stream of American Judaism, announced that they opposed the confirmation of David M. Friedman as ambassador to Israel. The leaders said in a statement that Mr. Friedman, who has supported Israeli settlements in the West Bank, was unqualified, intemperate and held “extreme views” on Israel that will endanger “both American and Israeli security.”
Mr. Trump was popular among many Orthodox Jews. They were reassured to see the Orthodox Jews in his family and attracted to his hawkish line on Israel, his support of vouchers for religious schools and his promise to ban Muslim immigrants from entering the country.
Rechy Frankfurter and her husband, Rabbi Frankfurter, founded Ami Magazine more than six years ago to serve a conservative Jewish audience. It circulates in the United States, Canada, Europe and Australia and is one of several English-language news publications serving the ultra-Orthodox community. Ami Magazine comes out weekly and has three sister publications: one for women, one for teens and a cooking magazine called Whisk.
The magazine interviewed Mr. Trump before he declared he was running for president and did so again during the campaign.
“We didn’t do a political endorsement of him, but I really wanted the president to be elected, and I do want him to succeed,” said Rabbi Frankfurter, the editor in chief.
Mrs. Frankfurter, the magazine’s senior editor, said it was clear that Mr. Trump was not an anti-Semite and that Mr. Trump “must have misheard the question” from the magazine’s reporter. “The president is very sensitive to such an accusation, and we find the fact that he’s sensitive to it reassuring,” she said, because it means he understands how awful it is to be thought of as an anti-Semite.
Rabbi Frankfurter, whose parents survived the Holocaust, said, “Perhaps the president should speak out more vigorously than he has. He’s got a bully pulpit, and he should use it for good reasons.”
After the news conference, Mr. Turx, a pen name, said that he had had conversations on Thursday evening with White House staff members and that he and members of the Orthodox Jewish community were “extremely confident” that the White House would give “the proper help, guidance and collaboration” on anti-Semitism.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Robert S. Harward, the retired vice admiral and former Navy SEAL who was President Trump’s top choice to replace his ousted national security adviser, on Thursday turned down the post in the latest setback for a White House already in turmoil.
“This job requires 24 hours a day, seven days a week focus and commitment to do it right,” Mr. Harward said in a statement. “I currently could not make that commitment.”
He added that since retiring from a 40-year military career, he now had “the opportunity to address financial and family issues that would have been challenging in this position.”
Two senior administration officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the matter, confirmed that Mr. Harward cited family and financial considerations in turning down the post.
But his decision reflected the continuing upheaval in Mr. Trump’s White House, which was rocked this week by the resignation of Michael T. Flynn, the national security adviser, quickly followed by the abrupt withdrawal of Andrew Puzder, his nominee for secretary of labor.
White House officials had scrambled to head off the refusal, asserting as late as Thursday evening that Mr. Harward, who is close to Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, was still in the running to become Mr. Trump’s national security adviser.
Current and former national security officials familiar with the situation, who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to comment, said Mr. Harward had harbored strong reservations from the beginning about taking the post because of Mr. Trump’s unpredictable style and the level of chaos that has engulfed his White House. Those were only underscored this week in the politically charged aftermath of Mr. Flynn’s ouster, despite the attempts of Mr. Trump’s inner circle to allay his concerns.
One person briefed on the discussions said that Mr. Harward, who had been interviewing for a different administration post when he was tabbed for the N.S.C., had been startled by media accounts of Mr. Trump telling the deputy national security adviser, who was close to Mr. Flynn, that she could stay in her post. It added to his concerns about working for a mercurial president.
Mr. Trump suggested earlier Thursday that he had demanded Mr. Flynn’s resignation on Monday partly because of enthusiasm about an unnamed person he had in mind to replace him. The president had known since last month that Mr. Flynn had misrepresented conversations he had with the Russian ambassador to the United States, before Mr. Trump was inaugurated, about American sanctions on Moscow.
“I have somebody that I think will be outstanding for the position,” Mr. Trump said at a news conference on Thursday. “And that also helps, I think, in the making of my decision.”
But by then Mr. Harward, who is a top executive at Lockheed Martin, had decided he was not willing to take the post. He wrote to Mr. Trump and Mr. Mattis conveying his decision, two of the officials said.
Mr. Trump’s National Security Council has become embroiled in political controversy. In an executive order last month — which Mr. Trump later complained privately that he had not been fully briefed on — the president placed Stephen K. Bannon, his chief strategist, on its principals committee, giving a political adviser a position of parity with the secretaries of state and defense, and with the national security adviser.
Two former national security officials who have worked closely with Mr. Harward said he would have been unlikely to take the position without assurances from Mr. Trump that he could run the N.S.C. free of intervention by political advisers. They also spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak about the matter.
Mr. Harward’s withdrawal from consideration prompted David H. Petraeus, the former general and director of the Central Intelligence Agency, to step up his lobbying for the national security adviser post, according to officials familiar with the process.
Mr. Petraeus  resigned from the C.I.A. in 2012 after admitting that he had an extramarital affair.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump, smarting from a series of crises, moved his surrogates aside on Thursday and assigned the rescue of his month-old presidency to the only spokesman he’s ever really trusted — himself.
For days, a frustrated and simmering president fumed inside the West Wing residence about what aides said he saw as his staff’s inadequate defense and the ineffectiveness of his own tweets. Over the objections of some top advisers who wanted to steer him away from confrontation, Mr. Trump demanded to face the media, determined to reject the narrative that his administration is sinking into chaos, scandal and incompetence.
In a rowdy, free-for-all news conference hastily staged in the East Room, Mr. Trump attempted to deflect attention from news coverage about Russian intelligence, the resignation of his national security adviser, the defeat of his labor secretary nominee, and deepening questions about his ability to govern.
“I turn on the T.V., open the newspapers and I see stories of chaos,” Mr. Trump said as he attempted — with little discipline — to read from prepared remarks listing his accomplishments since being inaugurated one month ago. “Chaos. Yet it is the exact opposite. This administration is running like a fine-tuned machine.”
From there he offered a disjointed and emotional performance in which he appeared to release pent-up anger and suspicion about the “dishonest media,” Democrats, intelligence officials, “criminal” leakers, Hillary Clinton, environmentalists and judges.
Taking a room of reporters and the television audience on a journey through the Trump psyche, the president was at times angry (at the news media), playful (“I love this,”) bewildered (by “bias and hatred”), occasionally respectful (“It’s a great honor to be with you”) and needy (“I’m really not a bad person, by the way”).
Ever the salesman, Mr. Trump painted his presidency as he wishes it to be: an Electoral College victory so massive it was historic — a falsehood pointed out by a reporter in the room — plus accomplishments in the first four weeks that have outpaced, he said, every other president.
For his supporters, the performance was certain to be energizing. Mr. Trump turned sober questions from journalists into, at times, mesmerizing television. He attempted to reassert his command of “dishonest” journalists at a time when the news media is questioning his capacity to lead. It all made the brooding boss feel better, people close to Mr. Trump said.
The news conference, they said, was Mr. Trump’s best effort at spitting the bit out of his mouth and escaping the bridle of the West Wing, where he views his only way to communicate his side of any argument is his 140-character limited Twitter feed.
Still, it is unlikely that Mr. Trump’s 77-minute performance will divert much long-term attention from questions about his campaign’s relationship with Russia, or reassure wavering Republicans on Capitol Hill that their agenda is on track. Yet Mr. Trump’s close allies said he had met his more immediate goal of soothing himself with a sense of control over his own administration.
Mr. Trump, who has long required employees to sign nondisclosure agreements, has been unnerved, aides said, by leaks big and small, ranging from disclosures about his evenings spent alone in the White House residence to the details of his calls with global leaders. Now, Mr. Trump finds himself at the mercy of a vast, leaky bureaucracy.
“The first thing I thought of when I heard about it is: How does the press get this information that’s classified? How do they do it?” Mr. Trump said of the leaks. “The press should be ashamed of themselves.’’
The news conference was not without its high points for the embattled president. His initial statement about a surge of optimism in the business world and more jobs was, however fleetingly, a focused message on the issue that helped elect him. And he lured a few reporters into a trap of debating the quality of their reporting as opposed to the merits of their original questions.
And after complaining to aides about the dour delivery of his press secretary, Sean Spicer, at the daily televised briefing, Mr. Trump laced his own banter with humor.
But he also revealed how crushing he is finding the onslaught of criticism that a president receives, saying that he has long preferred the business media to the political press corps he must now deal with.
With the same lack of discipline that his supporters on the campaign trail found refreshing, Mr. Trump lashed out at the news media, which he called “out of control.” He accused The New York Times of publishing what he termed a “discredited” story — evidently a reference to an article this week about current and former American officials who say that phone records and intercepted calls show that members of his campaign had repeated contact with senior Russian intelligence officials in the year before the election.
He said The Wall Street Journal had published an article that was “almost as disgraceful.” He mocked Jim Acosta, a CNN correspondent, saying at one point, “Yeah, go ahead, Jimmy.”
His exchange with Mr. Acosta — a frequent foil for Mr. Trump in his news conferences on the campaign trail — made it clear that the president believes that the American people are with him, and against the news media. “That’s why the public sees it,” Mr. Trump said. “They see it. They see it’s not fair. The public is smart, they understand it.”
Mr. Trump also blamed former President Barack Obama — whom he had often described in glowing terms since his inauguration — for handing him a failing government.
“I inherited a mess,” Mr. Trump asserted. “It’s a mess. At home and abroad, a mess. Low pay, low wages, mass instability overseas, no matter where you look.”
At one point, Mr. Trump searched for a new face among the veteran White House reporters who were challenging him and settled on a journalist wearing a skullcap whom he clearly did not recognize, hoping for the best.
“Are you a friendly reporter?’’ Mr. Trump said. The response of the reporter, Jake Turx of Ami magazine, a Jewish publication, could not be heard in the room.
The president’s anger then flared when Mr. Turx asked about a rise in anti-Semitic incidents around the country.
Telling Mr. Turx to sit down and accusing him of lying about asking a “very straight, simple question,” Mr. Trump rejected the charge that he is personally anti-Semitic — something the reporter had explicitly said he was not asserting.
At one point, Mr. Trump predicted how the news media would cover the event — and preemptively rejected that, too.
“Tomorrow, they will say, ‘Donald Trump rants and raves at the press,’” Mr. Trump said. “I’m not ranting and raving. I’m just telling you. You know, you’re dishonest people. But — but I’m not ranting and raving. I love this. I’m having a good time doing it.”



ARTICLE
President Trump said Thursday that he had personally directed the Justice Department to open a criminal investigation and determine who was responsible for what he said were illegal leaks that have unfairly damaged his fledgling administration.
“I’ve actually called the Justice Department to look into the leaks,” Mr. Trump said during a contentious, 75-minute news conference at the White House. “Those are criminal leaks.”
No law forbids a president from making a criminal referral to the Justice Department, but it is unusual for a president to direct the agency to open a criminal investigation into his perceived opponents or to talk publicly about having done so. The White House, under presidents of both parties, has generally restricted direct contact with the Justice Department about prospective investigations to avoid the appearance of politicizing law enforcement.
Typically, if an agency believes that classified material from its own records was improperly disclosed, it will make a referral to the Justice Department, which decides whether to open an investigation.
Mr. Trump appeared particularly incensed at public reports about his rancorous phone conversations with foreign leaders, including telling the president of Mexico the he might send American troops to stop “bad hombres down there,” and berating the prime minister of Australia over an Obama-era deal to resettle refugees and then cutting the call short.
He also expressed frustration over leaks about federal surveillance that picked up pre-inaugural phone calls between the Russian ambassador and Michael T. Flynn, who resigned under pressure this week from his role as national security adviser.
The Justice Department declined to comment on Mr. Trump’s call or on whether it had opened an investigation.
Susan Hennessy, a scholar at the Brookings Institution in Washington and former intelligence agency lawyer who has written about leaks, said that Mr. Trump’s directive could send a chilling message.
“The fear is that these leak investigations will be used as a form of political retaliation” against people who may have exposed information that is personally embarrassing to Mr. Trump, she said. “We don’t want this to become a political witch hunt.”
During the news conference, Mr. Trump did not directly answer questions about the substance of other recent reports on private dealings his aides may have had with Russia. Instead, he reframed the question as a problem of leaks. He declared that the “leaks are real,” but denounced articles based on the leaked information as “fake news.”
The president also suggested that he thought the leaks were coming from officials in unspecified “agencies” or “probably from the Obama administration,” rather than “our new people.”
Mr. Trump’s disclosure that he called the Justice Department for an investigation suggested that a recent trend of cracking down on unauthorized disclosures with criminal charges may continue during his administration.
For most of American history, the government did not prosecute those suspected of leaking. From the founding of the country through the end of the 20th century, just one person was convicted of leaking, and he was later pardoned.
But starting during the George W. Bush administration and intensifying in the Barack Obama administration, the government has brought leak-related charges far more frequently. Depending on how they are counted, Mr. Obama oversaw nine or 10 leak-related cases, more than all previous presidents combined.
Still, Matt Miller, a former director of public affairs for the Justice Department in Mr. Obama’s first term, said none of those cases involved going after someone who had leaked information about embarrassing or inappropriate activity by a president or his immediate staff.
“There is a fundamental question here: Does the attorney general take direction from the president about what he investigates, or is he independent?” Mr. Miller said. “That has been a question since Trump started talking about prosecuting Hillary Clinton.”
Mr. Trump is not the first president to speak about criminal investigations into leaks. But comparable recent precedents came in a different context.
In 2012, for example, after a series of news articles and books appeared about Mr. Obama’s national security record, Republicans accused the White House of leaking to help Mr. Obama win re-election.
In response, Mr. Obama said at a news conference that it was “offensive” to say the information had come from his White House, and raised the possibility of prosecuting whoever was responsible.
“These are criminal acts when they release information like this,” Mr. Obama said, “and we will conduct thorough investigations, as we have in the past.”
The next day, Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. announced that he was appointing United States attorneys to take over two major leak cases, although the F.B.I. had already been working on them.
And in September 2003, amid furor over the leaking of the identity of a C.I.A. official, President George W. Bush said at a news conference that “if there is a leak out of my administration, I want to know who it is, and if the person has violated the law, the person will be taken care of.”
But Mr. Bush did not commission that leak investigation; the Justice Department had already opened it based on a referral by the C.I.A.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Milo Yiannopoulos, a polemical Breitbart editor and unapologetic defender of the alt-right, tested the limits of how far his provocations could go after the publication of a video in which he condones sexual relations with boys as young as 13 and laughs off the seriousness of pedophilia by Roman Catholic priests.
On Monday, the organizers of the Conservative Political Action Conference rescinded their invitation for him to speak this week. Simon & Schuster said it was canceling publication of “Dangerous” after standing by him through weeks of criticism of the deal. And Breitbart itself was reportedly reconsidering his role amid calls online for it to sever ties with him.
Mr. Yiannopoulos’s comments, which quickly created an uproar online over the weekend, put many conservatives in a deeply uncomfortable position. They have long defended Mr. Yiannopoulos’s attention-seeking stunts and racially charged antics on the grounds that the left had tried to hypocritically censor his right to free speech.
But endorsing pedophilia, it seemed, was more than they could tolerate. The board of the American Conservative Union, which includes veterans of the conservative movement like Grover Norquist and Morton Blackwell, made the decision to revoke Mr. Yiannopoulos’s speaking slot and condemn his comments on Monday.
“We initially extended the invitation knowing that the free speech issue on college campuses is a battlefield where we need brave, conservative standard-bearers,” Matt Schlapp, the chairman of the American Conservative Union, said in a written statement.
Regarding Mr. Yiannopoulos’s comments, Mr. Schlapp called them “disturbing” and said Mr. Yiannopoulos’s explanation of them was insufficient.
Late Monday, Mr. Yiannopoulos said that he would hold a news conference on Tuesday to discuss his statements.
Mr. Yiannopoulos, who has railed against Muslims, immigrants, transgender people and women’s rights, is a marquee contributor to Breitbart News, where he serves as senior editor. He has amassed a fan base for his stunts and often-outrageous statements. But by Monday afternoon, his future at the website was being intensely debated by top management.
One Breitbart journalist, who requested anonymity to describe private deliberations, described divisions in the newsroom over whether Mr. Yiannopoulos could stay on. There was some consensus among staff members that his remarks were more extreme than his usual speech, the journalist said, and executives were discussing by telephone whether his apology was enough to preserve his position at the site.
A Breitbart representative declined to comment.
After the video was leaked on Twitter by a conservative group called the Reagan Battalion, Mr. Yiannopoulos denied that he had ever condoned child sexual abuse, noting that he was a victim himself. He blamed his “British sarcasm” and “deceptive editing” for leading to a misunderstanding.
But in the tape, the fast-talking polemicist is clear that he has no problem with older men abusing children as young as 13, which he then conflates with relationships between older and younger gay men who are of consenting age.
“No, no, no. You’re misunderstanding what pedophilia means,” Mr. Yiannopoulos says on the tape, in which he is talking to radio hosts in a video chat. “Pedophilia is not a sexual attraction to somebody 13 years old who is sexually mature. Pedophilia is attraction to children who have not reached puberty,” he adds, dismissing the fact that 13-year-olds are children.
The notion of consent, he says, is “arbitrary and oppressive.”
At one point in the video, an unknown speaker says that the behavior being defended by Mr. Yiannopoulos is akin to molestation by Catholic priests. Mr. Yiannopoulos responds, in an ironic tone, by crediting a priest for having helped develop his sexual technique.
Conservatives reacted with near unanimous disgust at the comments. Some expressed bewilderment that conference organizers would extend an invitation to Mr. Yiannopoulos in the first place, given his history of statements that have been offensive to blacks and Muslims, and have generally pushed the bounds of decency. Twitter has banned him.
“Colossal misjudgment,” Rich Lowry, editor of National Review, wrote on Twitter. “Now CPAC has put itself in the role of ‘censor.’ And for what? Some clicks and headlines?”
Until now, Mr. Yiannopoulos, a fervent supporter of President Trump, had emerged as something of a hero to many on the right, who saw in him an eager and willing combatant against a culture they believed was too politically correct. He became a star at Breitbart, the hard-right news outlet, and earned the admiration of Stephen K. Bannon, who was its publisher before becoming Mr. Trump’s chief White House strategist.
Mr. Yiannopoulos was just getting a foothold in the media. He recently appeared on the comedian Bill Maher’s HBO talk show, and aggressively taunted liberals without much pushback from the host. His book “Dangerous,” a free-speech manifesto and memoir that he sold in December to Threshold Editions, a conservative imprint within Simon & Schuster, had shot to the top of Amazon’s best-seller list, based on advance orders.
The publisher had encountered mounting criticism of its relationship with Mr. Yiannopoulos. The author Roxane Gay withdrew from her contract for a book with a Simon & Schuster imprint in protest.
The company stood by Mr. Yiannopoulos even as his planned lecture at the University of California, Berkeley, was canceled after rioting.
But in a terse statement late Monday, the publisher said it was canceling the book “after careful consideration.”
In a statement released through his agent, Mr. Yiannopoulos said: “The people whose views, concerns and fears I am articulating do not sip white wine and munch canapés in gilded salons. And they will not be defeated by the cocktail set running New York publishing. Nor will I.”
The decision is likely to be a costly one for Simon & Schuster, which may not be able to recover the portion of the reported $250,000 advance it had already paid to Mr. Yiannopoulos. “Dangerous” had sold just under 50,000 copies, according to his literary agent, Thomas Flannery Jr., who said he planned to find another publisher.



ARTICLE
PALM BEACH, Fla. — President Trump appointed Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster as his new national security adviser on Monday, picking a widely respected military strategist known for challenging conventional thinking and helping to turn around the Iraq war in its darkest days.
Mr. Trump made the announcement at his Mar-a-Lago resort, where he interviewed candidates over the holiday weekend to replace Michael T. Flynn, who was forced out after withholding information from Vice President Mike Pence about a call with Russia’s ambassador.
Unlike Mr. Flynn, who served as a campaign adviser last year, General McMaster has no links to Mr. Trump and is not thought of as being as ideological as the man he will replace. A battle-tested veteran of both the Persian Gulf war and the second Iraq war, General McMaster is considered one of the military’s most independent-minded officers, sometimes at a cost to his own career.
The selection encouraged Republicans who admire General McMaster and waged a behind-the-scenes campaign to persuade Mr. Trump to select him. Key to the choice was Senator Tom Cotton of Arkansas, an Army veteran who once served under General McMaster and suggested him to the White House. A coterie of other national security conservatives, including a top aide to Senator John McCain of Arizona, also lobbied for him, and Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, who has worked with General McMaster, encouraged him to take the job.
“He’s a man of tremendous talent and tremendous experience,” Mr. Trump told reporters as General McMaster, wearing his uniform, sat next to him. “I watched and read a lot over the last two days. He is highly respected by everyone in the military, and we’re very honored to have him.”
The choice continued Mr. Trump’s reliance on high-ranking military officers to advise him on national security. Mr. Flynn is a retired three-star general and Mr. Mattis a retired four-star general. John F. Kelly, the homeland security secretary, is a retired Marine general. Mr. Trump’s first choice to replace Mr. Flynn, Robert S. Harward, who turned down the job, and two other finalists were current or former senior officers as well. General McMaster will remain on active duty.
General McMaster had the aura of disruption that Mr. Trump has valued in several cabinet secretaries, said a senior administration official who insisted on anonymity to describe internal deliberations. Another candidate, Lt. Gen. Robert L. Caslen, the superintendent of West Point, impressed Mr. Trump as being “from central casting,” the official said. But the president wanted him to stay at West Point, which he reveres.
General McMaster, 54, made a name for himself as a young officer with a searing critique of the Joint Chiefs of Staff for their performance during the Vietnam War and later criticized the way President George W. Bush’s administration went to war in Iraq.
As a commander, he was credited with demonstrating how a counterinsurgency strategy could defeat militants in Iraq, demonstrating the promise of an approach that Gen. David H. Petraeus adopted to shift momentum in a war the United States was on the verge of losing.
Stocky, smart and soft-spoken with a sense of humor, General McMaster, for all his war-making experience, has little background in navigating Washington politics, which could be a challenge for him in his new role with a fractious national security team to corral.
His task now will be to take over a rattled and demoralized National Security Council apparatus that bristled at Mr. Flynn’s leadership and remains uncertain about its place in the White House given the foreign policy interests of Stephen K. Bannon, the former Breitbart News chairman who is the president’s chief strategist.
Most of the National Security Council staff is composed of career professionals, often on loan from military or civilian agencies, and they have complained privately about being shut out of their areas of expertise and kept in the dark about important decisions. Mr. Trump’s aides look on many of those holdovers from the last administration with suspicion, blaming them for leaks. The atmosphere has grown so toxic that some council staff members have said they feared they were being surveilled.
Several security council aides said Monday that they learned about General McMaster’s selection the same way the public did and expressed concern that Mr. Flynn’s associates, derisively called the Flynnstones, would stick around. But General McMaster has the advantage of having served in Iraq with some officials currently on the staff, including aides like Derek Harvey and Joel Rayburn.
Mr. Trump said Keith Kellogg, another retired lieutenant general, would remain as the council’s chief of staff. Mr. Kellogg has been acting national security adviser since Mr. Flynn’s resignation a week ago and was one of the four candidates interviewed by Mr. Trump on Sunday for the permanent job. Mr. Trump made no mention of K. T. McFarland, the top deputy national security adviser, and whether she would stay.
General McMaster thanked Mr. Trump but gave no insight into his plans. “I’m grateful to you for that opportunity,” he told the president, “and I look forward to joining the national security team and doing everything that I can to advance and protect the interests of the American people.”
The other finalist was John R. Bolton, a former ambassador to the United Nations under Mr. Bush. This was the second time Mr. Bolton, an outspoken conservative, had been considered for a high-level post in Mr. Trump’s administration. Mr. Trump praised Mr. Bolton on Monday and said he would find a position for him.
“We had some really good meetings with him. Knows a lot,” the president said. “He had a good number of ideas that I must tell you I agree very much with. So we’ll be talking with John Bolton in a different capacity.”
General McMaster has served as director of the Army Capabilities Integration Center at Fort Eustis in Virginia since 2014. A West Point graduate with a doctorate in military history from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, he commanded a unit that clashed with Iraq’s Republican Guard in one of the biggest tank battles of the Persian Gulf war in 1991, earning him the Silver Star.
But he came to prominence with his 1997 book, “Dereliction of Duty,” which critiqued the Joint Chiefs for not standing up to President Lyndon B. Johnson during the Vietnam War. He cemented his reputation in 2005 during the second Iraq war when he led the Third Armored Cavalry Regiment in regaining control of Tal Afar.
The operation was cited as a textbook example in a manual on counterinsurgency doctrine prepared by General Petraeus. Another commander who had a role in drafting that manual was Mr. Mattis, then a Marine general. General Petraeus took a similar approach when he assumed command in Iraq in 2007 with a surge of troops authorized by Mr. Bush.
Yet General McMaster was passed over for the rank of general until General Petraeus and Robert M. Gates, then the defense secretary, rallied support for him.
One protégé from that time was Mr. Cotton, who nearly resigned from the Army in 2007 when it looked as though General McMaster might be forced out.
After Mr. Flynn’s resignation, Mr. Cotton reached out to Mr. Pence, Mr. Bannon and Reince Priebus, the White House chief of staff, about General McMaster and forwarded his résumé and personal phone number, according to several officials involved in the process. Another advocate for the general was Chris Brose, the staff director of the Senate Armed Services Committee, whose chairman is Mr. McCain.
Mr. McCain, who has been sharply critical of Mr. Trump in recent days, praised the appointment and said, “I could not imagine a better, more capable national security team than the one we have right now.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — As he met with Neil M. Gorsuch in the Capitol last week, Senator Richard J. Durbin of Illinois posed to the Supreme Court nominee what he considered a fairly basic question on the relationship between the executive and judicial branches.
“He really backed away from it,” recalled Mr. Durbin, an influential Democratic voice on judicial issues with long service on the Judiciary Committee. “Even in the most general constitutional terms, he didn’t want to discuss it. From where I am sitting I don’t think there is a more important question in light of this president.”
Democrats preparing for hearings next month on President Trump’s first nominee to the nation’s highest court say it is not a matter of getting the answers they want from Judge Gorsuch; it is a matter of getting any pertinent answers at all.
“He refused to say anything about potentially relevant questions,” said Senator Richard Blumenthal, a Connecticut Democrat and former state attorney general who also sits on the panel that will consider the nomination.
The test of wills promises to provide friction at hearings scheduled to begin on March 20 as Democrats try to pin down Judge Gorsuch on what he sees as the role of an independent judiciary in constraining the executive branch, given their rising fears about Mr. Trump. It is also the latest match in the longstanding tug-of-war over how far judicial nominees should or should not go in responding to questions from lawmakers.
Given fierce partisan tension over Supreme Court seats, it has become an uncomfortable norm for nominees to avoid providing bountiful answers both in private interviews and during the confirmation hearing. They lean heavily on the excuse that the issue could end up before the court and they would hate to prejudge it. In the current environment, the view is clearly the less said, the better the chances of confirmation.
“Everyone knows you are going to ask your best question and they are not going to answer it,” said Senator Mitch McConnell, the Kentucky Republican and majority leader, of the difficulty of inducing a nominee to say something truly revealing.
No one expects a nominee like Judge Gorsuch to address how he would rule on a specific case — like President Trump’s contested immigration order — or offer a detailed view on federal policy likely to land before the court. But Democrats say that Judge Gorsuch must be willing to discuss the merits of past Supreme Court decisions as well as his judicial principles and philosophy if they are to make a judgment on his fitness.
“It’s always important for a Supreme Court nominee to tell senators his or her views on the Constitution, but given how aggressively this president is testing the Constitution so early in his term, senators deserve those answers more than ever,” said Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader.
Lawmakers say that Mr. Gorsuch assured them during their meetings that no one in the Trump White House had asked him how he would rule in specific cases. But Democrats note that his nomination was promoted by leading conservative groups such as the Federalist Society and the Heritage Foundation. In the absence of information to the contrary from him, they say they will have to assume he shares the views of those groups on such issues as abortion and gun rights.
“His refusal to answer these questions leaves us with the inescapable conclusion that he has passed the Trump litmus test,” said Mr. Blumenthal, who, like other lawmakers, found Judge Gorsuch personable and impressively prepared.
For their part, Republicans have voiced nothing but praise for the nominee.
“I met with Judge Gorsuch for more than an hour and was tremendously impressed with his intellect, his humility and his respect for the rule of law,” said Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine. She said they had an extended discussion about precedent and that Mr. Gorsuch said he believed that “it is not sufficient to overturn a long-established precedent for five current judges to believe a previous decision was wrongly decided.” That position could be interpreted by lawmakers who support abortion rights, like Ms. Collins, to mean he would not overturn Roe v. Wade even if he were part of a majority that disagreed with it.
Kelly Ayotte, the former New Hampshire senator who is serving as Judge Gorsuch’s sherpa through the Senate process, said she found him quite forthcoming during the 58 meetings with lawmakers she attended and added that he talked at length about his rulings on the United States Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit. “He’s obviously saying as much as he can without violating his responsibility as a judge not to offer opinions on cases that may come before the court,” she said.
In trying to forestall Democratic complaints that Judge Gorsuch has not been sufficiently revealing, Mr. McConnell has reminded Democrats of the “Ginsburg standard” — a reference to Ruth Bader Ginsburg’s repeated refusal at her hearing in 1993 to answer many direct questions on the grounds she could not “preview or forecast” her decisions.
But Republicans had their own differences in the past with the reluctance of nominees to be direct. Senator Charles E. Grassley, the Iowa Republican who now heads the Judiciary Committee, opposed the nomination of Elena Kagan in 2010, saying she failed to provide candid answers.
One contemporary nominee did pride himself on his ability to take on members of the Judiciary Committee in a full exchange of views. Judge Robert Bork answered nearly every question from senators over five days of testimony in 1987. At the time, Senator Arlen Specter, Republican of Pennsylvania, said he hoped Mr. Bork’s willingness to engage would “set a pattern for the future.”
It did. After Mr. Bork’s nomination was famously defeated, nominees have been very stingy with their answers to avoid blowing up their chances of success.



ARTICLE
On the campaign trail, long before he called the news media “the enemy of the American people,” President Trump pledged to curtail press freedom. “We’re going to open up those libel laws,” he said.
The statement was puzzling, not least because opening up laws is not a thing. And if it were a thing, it would be done by legislatures or courts, not the president.
Read generously, though, Mr. Trump’s statement may have meant that he intended to appoint Supreme Court justices who would vote to overturn precedents that make it hard to sue for libel.
On this score, at least, Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, Mr. Trump’s Supreme Court nominee, seems destined to disappoint his patron. Judge Gorsuch’s decisions in libel and related cases show no inclination to cut back on protections for the press.
Some plaintiffs, he wrote in a 2011 opinion, have reputations so poor that even serious accusations cannot damage them. Libel law, he said, is “about protecting a good reputation honestly earned.”
Judge Gorsuch added that minor inaccuracies in a news report can never serve as the basis for a libel suit, calling that “a First Amendment imperative.”
Press lawyers who have reviewed Judge Gorsuch’s decisions said they liked what they saw.
“In a handful of opinions where he has weighed in on the subject, Judge Gorsuch shows no indication that he will ‘open up libel laws’ to muzzle the press, as the president appears to hope,” said Gayle C. Sproul, a lawyer with Levine Sullivan Koch & Schulz in Philadelphia.
Eugene Volokh, an expert in First Amendment law at the University of California, Los Angeles, said Judge Gorsuch’s commitment to free speech was not guarded or grudging.
“Sometimes when judges apply the rules, you can see that they’re holding their nose,” Professor Volokh said. “He didn’t seem to be.”
The question in the 2011 case was whether a Colorado prisoner, Jerry Lee Bustos, could sue the makers of a cable television show for calling him a member of the Aryan Brotherhood, a prison gang, when Mr. Bustos had merely conspired with the gang. Judge Gorsuch said there was no reason to think that Mr. Bustos’s “standing in the public eye would be improved at all by more careful explication of the true particulars of his involvement with the Brotherhood.”
A version of this issue arose during Mr. Trump’s presidential campaign, when his lawyers asked for a retraction of an article in The New York Times reporting on complaints from two women who said Mr. Trump had touched them inappropriately.
Mr. Trump’s lawyers called the article libelous and seemed to threaten to sue.
David McCraw, a lawyer for The Times, responded much as Judge Gorsuch had.
“The essence of a libel claim, of course, is the protection of one’s reputation,” Mr. McCraw wrote. But Mr. Trump’s reputation in this area, Mr. McCraw said, could not have been harmed by The Times’s report in light of, for instance, Mr. Trump’s own statements about groping women.
“Nothing in our article has had the slightest effect on the reputation that Mr. Trump, through his own words and actions, has already created for himself,” Mr. McCraw wrote.
So far, there has been no lawsuit over the article.
Gregg Leslie, the legal defense director for the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press, said Judge Gorsuch did not have “an extensive history of speech and press cases.”
But the judge “consistently applied established First Amendment protections when he did get them,” Mr. Leslie said. “He also showed a willingness to uphold protections for speech rights even in controversial cases. It’s always good to see a judge do the right thing in tougher circumstances.”
Ms. Sproul said Judge Gorsuch had voted in favor of news organizations in invasion-of-privacy cases, even when they involved “classically sympathetic plaintiffs, like a victim of sexual assault and by cops cleared of wrongdoing.”
In a 2007 case concerning the broadcast of a videotape of a rape, Judge Gorsuch joined an opinion dismissing a lawsuit by the victim. The court ruled that the news report concerned “a matter of legitimate public interest.”
He joined a second 2007 decision dismissing a case brought by undercover police officers on similar grounds. “Courts have generally treated allegations of police misconduct as worthy of public interest,” the decision said, refusing to carve out an exception for disclosing the identities of police officers working undercover.
“We can find no precedent for such an exception, and we are not inclined to create one here merely on policy grounds,” the decision said, “despite our concerns about the safety of undercover officers and the need to avoid disincentives for entering their profession.”
Judge Gorsuch has also read other protections of the First Amendment broadly, including the right of citizens “to petition the government for a redress of grievances.” That clause, he wrote in a 2007 case involving an unhappy taxpayer, “does not pick and choose its causes.”
“The minor and questionable, along with the mighty and consequential, are all embraced,” Judge Gorsuch wrote.
Ronald K. L. Collins, a First Amendment specialist at the University of Washington, said the Supreme Court would benefit from Judge Gorsuch’s “long-held and informed devotion to free expression.”
“If confirmed,” Mr. Collins said, “Neil Gorsuch will be a take-notice First Amendment player — an intellectual and rhetorical force to be reckoned with.”
But Judge Gorsuch seems unlikely to use his skills to advance Mr. Trump’s agenda in libel cases, said Professor Volokh, who has known the judge for decades.
“To the extent people are worried that President Trump has an anti-libel-protection project,” Professor Volokh said, “there’s nothing to suggest Neil would share that project.”



ARTICLE
By the end of her first full week as the secretary of education, Betsy DeVos had already sparred with a middle school and a former schools chancellor in Washington, accused some of the school’s teachers of passively awaiting instruction and said she would be pleased if the department she currently runs did not exist in the future. She encountered an immediate display of the type of fierce resistance she will face as she tries to set new policies for the Education Department.
On Sunday, she received a somewhat warmer welcome from the New York City schools chancellor, Carmen Fariña, who said in a radio interview that she was ready to work with Ms. DeVos. Even as she urged Ms. DeVos not to cut funding for the city’s public schools, Ms. Fariña said that despite their ideological differences, the two could make sure that children are properly educated. “I work with everyone,” Ms. Fariña said. “I will have conversations with anyone and everyone to ensure that the work we’re doing here is being celebrated and recognized, and we’ll see what time will bring.”
In interviews with two online news organizations, Ms. DeVos began laying the groundwork for her approach. “It would be fine with me to have myself worked out of a job,” she told Axios, adding that she expects there will be more public charter schools, private schools and virtual schools under her leadership. She told Townhall, a conservative outlet, that she doubted the validity of the demonstrations against her and that her critics and protesters wanted to make her life “a living hell.”
“I don’t think most of those are spontaneous, genuine protests,” she said. “I think they’re all being sponsored and very carefully planned.”
She said in the Townhall interview that she planned to focus on rolling out the Every Student Succeeds Act, a policy signed into law by President Barack Obama, while also pushing for controversial school choice policies like voucher programs.
It was her visit to Jefferson Middle School Academy in Washington, where protesters briefly blocked her from entering, that set off several days of online bickering. After speaking to teachers at the school, she called the visit “wonderful,” only to tell Townhall that she saw problems with the teachers.
“I visited a school on Friday and met with some wonderful, genuine, sincere teachers who pour their heart and soul into their classrooms and their students,” Ms. DeVos said. “But I can tell the attitude is more of a ‘receive mode.’ They’re waiting to be told what they have to do, and that’s not going to bring success to an individual child.”
The school posted 11 tweets in rapid succession defending its teachers, saying of Ms. DeVos, “We’re about to take her to school.”
The school said that one of the classrooms Ms. DeVos visited was led by two teachers who serve students whose reading levels range from first grade to eighth grade, and who “maintain a positive classroom environment focused on rigorous content, humor and love.”
A former Washington schools chancellor, Kaya Henderson, also voiced her displeasure with Ms. DeVos on Twitter.
Ms. DeVos appeared to try to make amends in a pair of tweets.
In its interview, Axios asked Ms. DeVos what role the federal government would play in education in her ideal world. “It would be fine with me to have myself worked out of a job, but I’m not sure that — I’m not sure that there will be a champion movement in Congress to do that,” she answered.
She did say that the Education Department has historically helped protect students and keep them safe, citing segregation and providing equal opportunities for girls’ athletics, but she said there were few current issues that warranted federal intervention.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Senator John McCain has long had a reputation as a political maverick. But with the rise of a president who has vowed to shatter the old order, Mr. McCain has emerged as an outspoken defender of longstanding Republican verities on foreign policy and as one of his party’s most biting critics of the new commander in chief.
Newly re-elected to a six-year term and eager to wield the megaphone that comes with the chairmanship of the powerful Armed Services Committee, Mr. McCain has repeatedly pushed back on the White House’s national security policies in its first weeks.
In a star turn at a security conference in Munich on Friday, he delivered a forceful critique of President Trump’s “America First” vision before a receptive audience of experts and allied officials worried about American drift from a seven-decade-old Western alliance.
“Make no mistake, my friends, these are dangerous times,” Mr. McCain said. “But you should not count America out, and we should not count each other out.”
Nor did Mr. McCain hesitate to puncture Mr. Trump’s insistence that his White House is operating like a “fine-tuned machine.”
“In many respects, this administration is in disarray, and they’ve got a lot of work to do,” he said.
A day later, in an interview for “Meet the Press,” Mr. McCain challenged Mr. Trump’s contention that the news media is “the enemy of the American people.”
“The first thing that dictators do is shut down the press,” he said, adding that while he was not calling the president a dictator, “we need to learn the lessons of history.”
For a senator who supports free trade, backs NATO, remains deeply suspicious of Russian intentions and has favored an assertive foreign policy, including the war in Iraq, the differences with Mr. Trump have been profound.
“The principles that Senator McCain has espoused have animated American foreign policy for decades,” said Richard Fontaine, a former foreign policy adviser to Mr. McCain who currently serves as president of the Center for a New American Security, a policy research center. “It’s the political context in Washington that has changed.”
But there seems to be a personal element, too, particularly on the part of Mr. Trump. The tensions go back to the Republican primaries, when Mr. Trump offered a belittling rejoinder to Mr. McCain’s remark that the candidate’s immigration policies had attracted “crazies.”
“I like people that weren’t captured,” Mr. Trump said of Mr. McCain, 80, who was held for more than five years as a prisoner of war in Vietnam and was tortured while in captivity.
After Mr. Trump won the Republican nomination, Mr. McCain walked a fine line while campaigning for re-election. The senator did not attend the Republican National Convention, but said he would back his party’s nominee. He then withdrew that support in October after a recording was disclosed in which Mr. Trump made lewd comments about women.
Immediately after Mr. Trump’s election, Mr. McCain held his fire and appeared determined to let the new administration take shape. “I will not talk about Donald Trump,” he barked at a group of reporters in November.
But after weeks in which the White House has blindsided the public, and sometimes much of the government, with executive orders and sent mixed messages on major foreign policy issues, Mr. McCain has let loose.
Denouncing Russia for “interfering” in the presidential election, Mr. McCain has called for the formation of a select Senate committee to investigate the Kremlin’s cyberactivities. He has also chastised Mr. Trump for a comment in which he seemed to equate the actions of President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia with those of the United States.
“That moral equivalency is a contradiction of everything the United States has ever stood for in the 20th and 21st centuries,” Mr. McCain said on “Meet the Press.”
Along with Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, he has criticized Mr. Trump’s executive order on travel from seven predominantly Muslim countries as a “self-inflicted wound” that would alienate Muslim partners in the fight against extremists.
After reports surfaced that Mr. Trump had engaged in a heated phone call with Australia’s prime minister, Mr. McCain placed his own call to Joe Hockey, Australia’s ambassador to Washington, and then put out a statement noting that he had underscored “unwavering support for the U.S.-Australian alliance.”
Mr. Trump’s decision to withdraw from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a vast trade deal, Mr. McCain said, “creates an opening for China.” He has also warned the White House against trying to use torture as an interrogation technique, pointing out that legislation he sponsored in 2015 made those techniques illegal.
And while he is a strong supporter of two retired Marine generals in the administration — Jim Mattis, the defense secretary, and John F. Kelly, the homeland security secretary — he was the lone Republican to vote against Mick Mulvaney, Mr. Trump’s pick for budget chief.
On the Senate floor, Mr. McCain complained that Mr. Mulvaney had supported military spending cuts that seriously weakened the armed forces. Mr. McCain has also complained loudly about the role of Stephen K. Bannon, the president’s chief political strategist, on the National Security Council.
All this blunt talk has not come without some pushback. This month, Mr. Trump blasted Mr. McCain for his criticism of a risky Special Operations raid in Yemen in which a Navy SEAL was killed. “He’s been losing so long he doesn’t know how to win anymore,” Mr. Trump said on Twitter.
Senator Rand Paul, Republican of Kentucky, said on Sunday that Mr. McCain had a “personal dispute” with Mr. Trump and criticized what he called the senator’s eagerness to use military force.
“I would say John McCain has been wrong on just about everything over the last four decades,” Mr. Paul said on the ABC News program “This Week.” “We’re very lucky John McCain’s not in charge because I think we’d be in perpetual war.”
If the opening month of the administration is any indication, there may be perpetual conflict — between senator and president.



ARTICLE
PALM BEACH, Fla. — The sweepstakes for national security adviser expanded on Sunday as President Trump met with four candidates for the job but signaled that he may yet bring more to Florida for interviews.
Mr. Trump has been searching for a replacement for Michael T. Flynn, his first national security adviser, who resigned last week at the president’s request because he had misled Vice President Mike Pence and others about a phone call with Russia’s ambassador.
The president’s first choice to succeed Mr. Flynn turned down the job, so the White House arranged for four other contenders to fly to his resort, Mar-a-Lago. Mr. Trump met with John R. Bolton, a former ambassador to the United Nations; Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster, a top Army strategist; Lt. Gen. Robert L. Caslen Jr., superintendent of the United States Military Academy at West Point; and Keith Kellogg, a retired three-star general serving as acting national security adviser.
But Sarah Huckabee Sanders, a White House spokeswoman, said that was not the complete field. “We may have some additional names and meetings” on Monday, she said. She added that Mr. Trump might also summon back one or more of the four he talked with on Sunday for an additional talk.
Mr. Trump told reporters on Saturday that he had a favorite, although he did not identify the candidate. “I’ve been thinking about someone for the last three or four days; we’ll see what happens,” he said. “I’m meeting with that person. They’re all good; they’re all great people.”
In private conversations, the president has praised Mr. Bolton and has noted that many people want him to pick General McMaster, although Mr. Trump seemed convinced that the general had said something unflattering about him during last year’s campaign, according to associates who asked not to be identified sharing private conversations.
The White House has had trouble filling some senior positions in part because so many experienced Republicans criticized Mr. Trump during the campaign, and he has vetoed some choices over that. Ms. Sanders said Mr. Trump was entitled to have a team that was on his side. “If you don’t support the president’s agenda, you shouldn’t have a job in the White House,” she said.
On a busy holiday weekend, Mr. Trump also attended part of a strategy session on finding a replacement for the Affordable Care Act.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — You might think it would take a toll on a person, being nominated for the Supreme Court and then having to wait around for eight months in a public state of suspended preparation, simultaneously holding out hope and seeing it drift away.
But by all accounts, Judge Merrick B. Garland, thwarted nominee and high-profile casualty of Washington’s extreme political dysfunction, is doing fine, considering. Back in his old job on the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, where he has been chief judge since 2013, Judge Garland does not seem like a man unhinged by an ordeal.
“What’s the deal with the software?” he asked a lawyer from the Drug Enforcement Administration on a recent morning. The lawyer was trying, not very successfully, to explain why the government could not produce a piece of electronic evidence sought by a drug dealer in an appeal.
The judge pointed out that the agency had provided “six relatively different descriptions” of the status of the software in question. Though his questions were forensic and his manner was robust, his tone was kind and without sarcasm.
“Can you not find it?” he asked. “Does it not exist?”
Thirty years ago, Judge Robert H. Bork’s failed Supreme Court nomination introduced a new verb into the American lexicon. But if “to Bork” means to derail a divisive nominee’s candidacy through a sustained attack on the candidate’s record, then “to Garland” surely means to kill a respected nominee’s chances by simply letting him linger in limbo, virtually ignoring him while refusing to consider his candidacy.
Judge Garland, now 64, had been on the shortlist for the court twice before, and he cried when President Barack Obama announced his nomination to fill the vacancy created by the death of Justice Antonin Scalia. Now there is a new nominee, Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, put forward by President Trump, and next month he will have the hearing Judge Garland was denied.
If the experience left Judge Garland frustrated or disillusioned, he has never said so publicly. He declined to be interviewed for this article, and his friends say they are more aggrieved than he is.
“I found it very hard to put behind me what happened to him in the past year,” said Danielle Gray, a former Garland clerk. “He did not react with anger or self-pity, and that reinforced for me the character and decency of Judge Garland. In many ways, it made me feel worse.”
Election night must have been particularly hard. Had Hillary Clinton defeated Mr. Trump, Judge Garland might have been on the court, or on the way to the court, by now, either confirmed in the waning days of the Obama administration or renominated by the new president.
“He started the evening finally at the point at which his nomination could go forward, and ended it at a point where it was dead,” said Jamie S. Gorelick, who has known Judge Garland since they went to Harvard together and who worked with him in the Clinton Justice Department. “And that’s in a space of only a few hours.”
When she spoke to him later, “he was extremely disappointed, as everyone was, and sad about the closing of this chapter in his life,” Ms. Gorelick said. But, she added, “I’ve never seen him feel sorry for himself.”
As in the classic paradox envisioned by the Austrian physicist Erwin Schrödinger, in which a cat enclosed in a steel chamber may be simultaneously dead and alive, Judge Garland had to go into the process with two opposing ideas in his head.
One was that the nomination was viable. The other was that it was not because the Republicans would hold to the pledge by Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, to block any Obama nominee so as to leave the decision to the next president.
The situation was highly unusual and possibly unprecedented. If nothing else, refusing to even hold confirmation hearings for a Supreme Court nominee was an aggressive break with Senate protocol.
But Judge Garland proceeded as if it were a normal situation and he were a normal nominee. Among other things, he met all of the Republican senators who agreed to meet him, about a dozen in the end.
“He prepared for each meeting the same way, I assume, he prepares for oral arguments,” said Josh Pollack, Mr. Obama’s special assistant for legislative affairs. “He made sure he was fully aware of all the issues, their backgrounds, what mattered to them.”
A few Republican senators said at the time that they believed the Senate should follow its regular procedures and allow the normal confirmation process to proceed. A few more said privately that they were very sorry, but they could not do anything for the judge. In the end, none of the preparation or the meetings made a difference.
“They repeatedly would reiterate that it wasn’t about him — that he was incredibly impressive and well qualified, but this was about politics,” Mr. Pollack said. “Virtually no one, with one or two exceptions, tried to even challenge him on anything of substance.”
Efforts to extract post-mortem comments from some of the more sympathetic Senate Republicans, like Susan Collins of Maine and Orrin G. Hatch of Utah, were unsuccessful. By way of making the point that Republicans are not the only ones who play politics with judicial nominations, a spokesman for Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, emailed a link to the Wikipedia page for Miguel Estrada, a lawyer whose nomination to a federal judgeship by President George W. Bush was thwarted by the Democrats through a filibuster 15 years ago.
Working from a conference room at the Old Executive Office Building, the Garland team sought repeatedly to persuade more Republicans to meet the nominee. It was frustrating and annoying for Judge Garland’s allies. “But Merrick didn’t get frustrated; he got focused,” said Brian Deese, a senior adviser to Mr. Obama.
As an example, he cited how Judge Garland tackled the questionnaire that nominees submit to the Judiciary Committee before confirmation hearings, providing a full account of their writings and opinions.
“Basically, you’re submitting it to the committee even though they’ve said they won’t hold a hearing,” Mr. Deese said. “You could hear a Washington cynic saying, ‘I’ll do the short version,’ or not do it until they hold the hearing. But that’s not Merrick.”
The judge’s responses were so thorough that the 100-odd-page questionnaire grew to several thousand pages, and “had to be delivered to the Senate in bankers’ boxes,” Mr. Deese said. “He is meticulous and he cares about this work, so he reviewed everything personally.”
Spending weeks helping prepare for hearings that never took place, the team also ran mock sessions in which Judge Garland was interrogated by officials playing the part of senators on the Judiciary Committee.
As all this was going on, Judge Garland went on with the rest of his life. He continued to perform his administrative responsibilities at the appeals court, though he did not hear cases. He mourned his mother, his father-in-law and his old friend Judge Abner J. Mikva, whose deaths while the nomination was pending shook him emotionally, friends said.
He continued to tutor children at J. O. Wilson Elementary School in Northeast Washington, where he has volunteered for nearly 20 years and where he was the featured speaker at the fifth-grade graduation ceremony in June. Tearing up a little, as he tends to do at such moments, Judge Garland exhorted the students to work hard and to not give up.
“When you watch Steph Curry glide down the basketball court, and Beyoncé dance across the stage, it sure looks easy,” he said. “But every step is a result of hours and hours of practice, discipline and determination.”
Heidi Haggerty, the school’s principal, said that during the nomination process, she and the judge joked about how “he couldn’t just hop into the car” and drive over, on account of his new Secret Service detail.
The judge also kept in touch with a large circle of friends and former clerks, whom he treats as a kind of extended family. Several said in interviews that when they called to offer support, he ended up comforting them.
His friends sought amusing ways to cheer him up during the drawn-out process, bringing elaborate jigsaw puzzles to help him while away the time, Ms. Gorelick said. They also gave him a piñata as a joking reference to a remark by Senator John Cornyn, Republican of Texas, that any Obama nominee for the court would “bear some resemblance to a piñata.”
After the election, the judge took a little time off, friends said. He and his wife, Lynn, thanked friends and supporters over dinners at their house. And on Jan. 30, two colleagues on the appeals court, Judges David S. Tatel and Laurence H. Silberman, hosted a more formal affair at the Metropolitan Club here.
“It was kind of, ‘Welcome back, Garland,’” Judge Tatel said. “‘Would we have been happy to see you on another court? Yes, but we’re glad you’re back.’”
Judge Tatel added, “He’s fully engaged and he’s back to being an extremely good chief judge.”
One of the frustrations of writing about Judge Garland is that no one, not even a Republican, seems to be able to find a bad thing to say about him. And that is what makes what happened to him even harder, his admirers believe.
“He did everything right — he never said a cross word, he never made a joke about it, he never politicized it,” said Tali Farhadian Weinstein, a former Garland clerk.
“The character he showed through the whole process proves how qualified he was for the job,” she added, “and it adds to the tragedy that he didn’t get it.”



ARTICLE
PALM BEACH, Fla. — Federal authorities would be empowered to immediately deport vastly more undocumented immigrants as part of a broad crackdown being developed by the Trump administration that would significantly change the way federal agencies enforce immigration laws.
Two draft memos signed on Friday by John F. Kelly, the retired Marine general who is now secretary of homeland security, outline an aggressive mission for the immigration authorities that would rescind policies put in place by President Barack Obama that focused mainly on removing serious criminals.
The directives appear to spare many younger immigrants brought to the country illegally as children, known as Dreamers. But some parents of children who enter unaccompanied could face prosecution under the guidelines.
The approach laid out in the memos, which have not been finalized and are subject to change by the White House, reflects Mr. Trump’s campaign promise to harden the border and deport people who entered the United States illegally. He has returned to that theme in recent days: At a rally on Saturday in Melbourne, Fla., Mr. Trump highlighted a recent spate of deportations and characterized those being sent out of the country as dangerous criminals.
“We will have strong borders again,” he told supporters, who cheered robustly. “You’ve seen it on television. General Kelly, now Secretary Kelly, he’s really doing the job. You’re seeing it. The gang members — bad, bad people. I said it Day 1. And they’re going out, or they’re being put in prison. But for the most part, get them the hell out of here. Bring them back to where they came from.”
Among the most significant changes in the memos, which were obtained by McClatchy newspapers and The Washington Post, would be an expansion of so-called expedited removal proceedings to cover thousands more undocumented immigrants.
Under expedited removals, agents from the Border Patrol and Immigration and Customs Enforcement can deport detained individuals immediately. Under Obama administration directives, expedited removal was used only within 100 miles of the border for people who had been in the country no more than 14 days. Mr. Kelly’s memos would expand that to those who have been in the country for up to two years anywhere in the nation.
The memos also call for the possible prosecution of the parents of children who arrived as unaccompanied minors and are later reunited with the parents. Under Mr. Kelly’s directive, the parents could be charged with smuggling or trafficking.
But the memos appear to exempt the Dreamers, the young immigrants protected under Mr. Obama’s Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, called DACA. Mr. Trump has signaled that he is not eager to completely reverse that initiative, since those young immigrants were not responsible for their entering the country illegally.
“The DACA situation is a very, very — it’s a very difficult thing for me, because, you know, I love these kids,” Mr. Trump said at a news conference on Thursday. “I love kids. I have kids and grandkids. And I find it very, very hard doing what the law says exactly to do. And you know the law is rough.”
The White House cautioned on Sunday that the details of the directives were still being reviewed but suggested final orders may be issued this week. “None of those are final and have not been signed off by the White House,” Sarah Huckabee Sanders, a deputy press secretary for Mr. Trump, told reporters in Florida, where the president was spending the weekend. The Department of Homeland Security declined to discuss the memos.
The changes in immigration enforcement, outlined in executive orders signed by Mr. Trump last month, have drawn praise from agents in the Border Patrol and Immigration and Customs Enforcement.
“For the first time in my 19 years, I feel like I can do the job I was hired to do, the job they tell you you’ll be doing when you leave the academy,” said Shawn Moran, a Border Patrol agent in San Diego and spokesman for the National Border Patrol Council, the union representing 16,000 of the agency’s 21,000 agents.
But immigration advocates called the policy changes dangerous and expressed disappointment in Mr. Kelly, who they had hoped would be a more moderate voice on immigration policy in the Trump administration because he had expressed sympathy for women and children arriving in the United States after fleeing violence in Central America.
“That hope is now gone,” Tom Jawetz, the vice president of immigration policy at the Center for American Progress, a liberal research organization, said on Twitter. “The border security memo mentions Honduran, Salvadoran and Guatemalan kids coming without pretending to care why.”
Omar Jadwat, the director of the Immigrants’ Rights Project of the American Civil Liberties Union, said he hoped the administration would rethink the approach.
“All of these things are unfortunately not surprising but deeply worrisome, both for the people who are going to be directly affected and for the country as a whole,” Mr. Jadwat said. “This kind of inhumane approach and the disregard for fundamental due process values that’s embodied in these memos can do real damage to our country.”
Senator Robert Menendez, Democrat of New Jersey, said that while he supported the removal of unauthorized immigrants who are dangerous criminals, Mr. Trump’s policies seemed to lump all undocumented immigrants together.
“Ultimately, anyone who is found in an undocumented status would ultimately be apprehended and deported, with due process totally eroded under the proposals that I’m hearing about,” he said on “State of the Union” on CNN. “And that’s not only going to lead to massive deportations, they are going to affect every element of our society and our economic sector as well.”
Expanding the immigration authorities’ reach would require a considerable increase in resources. With an estimated 11 million people in the country illegally, the government has long had to set narrower priorities, given the constraints on staffing and money.
But Mr. Kelly’s memos envision hiring 10,000 new immigration and customs agents, expanding detention facilities and creating an office to help families of those killed by undocumented immigrants. Mr. Trump had some of those relatives address his rallies in the campaign, and several were present when he signed an executive order on immigration last month at the Department of Homeland Security.
Mr. Kelly’s directives would also instruct Immigration and Customs Enforcement, as well as Customs and Border Protection, the parent agency of the Border Patrol, to begin reviving a program that recruits local police officers and sheriff’s deputies to help with deportation, effectively making them de facto immigration agents. The effort, called the 287g program, was scaled back during the Obama administration.
The program faces resistance from many states and dozens of so-called sanctuary cities, which have refused to allow their law enforcement workers to help round up undocumented individuals.
In Texas, Gov. Greg Abbott has said he will cut state funding for sanctuary cities and remove any elected official who promotes such policies. Mr. Abbott’s office canceled a $1.5 million grant to Travis County because the newly elected Democratic sheriff, Sally Hernandez, said her department would not respond to requests from Immigration and Customs Enforcement to flag inmates for possible deportation.
In Kansas, Kris Kobach, the secretary of state and a transition adviser to Mr. Trump, is promoting a bill that would require the Kansas Highway Patrol to seek agreement with the federal government to deputize state troopers to enforce immigration laws. The Highway Patrol says it was not consulted on the bill. The measure faces opposition from Democrats and some moderate Republicans.



ARTICLE
A week before Michael T. Flynn resigned as national security adviser, a sealed proposal was hand-delivered to his office, outlining a way for President Trump to lift sanctions against Russia.
Mr. Flynn is gone, having been caught lying about his own discussion of sanctions with the Russian ambassador. But the proposal, a peace plan for Ukraine and Russia, remains, along with those pushing it: Michael D. Cohen, the president’s personal lawyer, who delivered the document; Felix H. Sater, a business associate who helped Mr. Trump scout deals in Russia; and a Ukrainian lawmaker trying to rise in a political opposition movement shaped in part by Mr. Trump’s former campaign manager Paul Manafort.
At a time when Mr. Trump’s ties to Russia, and the people connected to him, are under heightened scrutiny — with investigations by American intelligence agencies, the F.B.I. and Congress — some of his associates remain willing and eager to wade into Russia-related efforts behind the scenes.
Mr. Trump has confounded Democrats and Republicans alike with his repeated praise for the Russian president, Vladimir V. Putin, and his desire to forge an American-Russian alliance. While there is nothing illegal about such unofficial efforts, a proposal that seems to tip toward Russian interests may set off alarms.
The amateur diplomats say their goal is simply to help settle a grueling, three-year conflict that has cost 10,000 lives. “Who doesn’t want to help bring about peace?” Mr. Cohen asked.
But the proposal contains more than just a peace plan. Andrii V. Artemenko, the Ukrainian lawmaker, who sees himself as a Trump-style leader of a future Ukraine, claims to have evidence — “names of companies, wire transfers” — showing corruption by the Ukrainian president, Petro O. Poroshenko, that could help oust him. And Mr. Artemenko said he had received encouragement for his plans from top aides to Mr. Putin.
“A lot of people will call me a Russian agent, a U.S. agent, a C.I.A. agent,” Mr. Artemenko said. “But how can you find a good solution between our countries if we do not talk?”
Mr. Cohen and Mr. Sater said they had not spoken to Mr. Trump about the proposal, and have no experience in foreign policy. Mr. Cohen is one of several Trump associates under scrutiny in an F.B.I. counterintelligence examination of links with Russia, according to law enforcement officials; he has denied any illicit connections.
The two others involved in the effort have somewhat questionable pasts: Mr. Sater, 50, a Russian-American, pleaded guilty to a role in a stock manipulation scheme decades ago that involved the Mafia. Mr. Artemenko spent two and a half years in jail in Kiev in the early 2000s on embezzlement charges, later dropped, which he said had been politically motivated.
While it is unclear if the White House will take the proposal seriously, the diplomatic freelancing has infuriated Ukrainian officials. Ukraine’s ambassador to the United States, Valeriy Chaly, said Mr. Artemenko “is not entitled to present any alternative peace plans on behalf of Ukraine to any foreign government, including the U.S. administration.”
At a security conference in Munich on Friday, Mr. Poroshenko warned the West against “appeasement” of Russia, and some American experts say offering Russia any alternative to a two-year-old international agreement on Ukraine would be a mistake. The Trump administration has sent mixed signals about the conflict in Ukraine.
But given Mr. Trump’s praise for Mr. Putin, John Herbst, a former American ambassador to Ukraine, said he feared the new president might be too eager to mend relations with Russia at Ukraine’s expense — potentially with a plan like Mr. Artemenko’s.
It was late January when the three men associated with the proposed plan converged on the Loews Regency, a luxury hotel on Park Avenue in Manhattan where business deals are made in a lobby furnished with leather couches, over martinis at the restaurant bar and in private conference rooms on upper floors.
Mr. Cohen, 50, lives two blocks up the street, in Trump Park Avenue. A lawyer who joined the Trump Organization in 2007 as special counsel, he has worked on many deals, including a Trump-branded tower in the republic of Georgia and a short-lived mixed martial arts venture starring a Russian fighter. He is considered a loyal lieutenant whom Mr. Trump trusts to fix difficult problems.
The F.B.I. is reviewing an unverified dossier, compiled by a former British intelligence agent and funded by Mr. Trump’s political opponents, that claims Mr. Cohen met with a Russian representative in Prague during the presidential campaign to discuss Russia’s hacking of Democratic targets. But the Russian official named in the report told The New York Times that he had never met Mr. Cohen. Mr. Cohen insists that he has never visited Prague and that the dossier’s assertions are fabrications. (Mr. Manafort is also under investigation by the F.B.I. for his connections to Russia and Ukraine.)
Mr. Cohen has a personal connection to Ukraine: He is married to a Ukrainian woman and once worked with relatives there to establish an ethanol business.
Mr. Artemenko, tall and burly, arrived at the Manhattan hotel between visits to Washington. (His wife, he said, met the first lady, Melania Trump, years ago during their modeling careers, but he did not try to meet Mr. Trump.) He had attended the inauguration and visited Congress, posting on Facebook his admiration for Mr. Trump and talking up his peace plan in meetings with American lawmakers.
He entered Parliament in 2014, the year that the former Ukrainian president Viktor Yanukovych fled to Moscow amid protests over his economic alignment with Russia and corruption. Mr. Manafort, who had been instrumental in getting Mr. Yanukovych elected, helped shape a political bloc that sprang up to oppose the new president, Mr. Poroshenko, a wealthy businessman who has taken a far tougher stance toward Russia and accused Mr. Putin of wanting to absorb Ukraine into a new Russian Empire. Mr. Artemenko, 48, emerged from the opposition that Mr. Manafort nurtured. (The two men have never met, Mr. Artemenko said.)
Before entering politics, Mr. Artemenko had business ventures in the Middle East and real estate deals in the Miami area, and had worked as an agent representing top Ukrainian athletes. Some colleagues in Parliament describe him as corrupt, untrustworthy or simply insignificant, but he appears to have amassed considerable wealth.
He has fashioned himself in the image of Mr. Trump, presenting himself as Ukraine’s answer to a rising class of nationalist leaders in the West. He even traveled to Cleveland last summer for the Republican National Convention, seizing on the chance to meet with members of Mr. Trump’s campaign.
“It’s time for new leaders, new approaches to the governance of the country, new principles and new negotiators in international politics,” he wrote on Facebook on Jan. 27. “Our time has come!”
Mr. Artemenko said he saw in Mr. Trump an opportunity to advocate a plan for peace in Ukraine — and help advance his own political career. Essentially, his plan would require the withdrawal of all Russian forces from eastern Ukraine. Ukrainian voters would decide in a referendum whether Crimea, the Ukrainian territory seized by Russia in 2014, would be leased to Russia for a term of 50 or 100 years.
The Ukrainian ambassador, Mr. Chaly, rejected a lease of that kind. “It is a gross violation of the Constitution,” he said in written answers to questions from The Times. “Such ideas can be pitched or pushed through only by those openly or covertly representing Russian interests.”
The reaction suggested why Mr. Artemenko’s project also includes the dissemination of “kompromat,” or compromising material, purportedly showing that Mr. Poroshenko and his closest associates are corrupt. Only a new government, presumably one less hostile to Russia, might take up his plan.
Mr. Sater, a longtime business associate of Mr. Trump’s with connections in Russia, was willing to help Mr. Artemenko’s proposal reach the White House.
Mr. Trump has sought to distance himself from Mr. Sater in recent years. If Mr. Sater “were sitting in the room right now,” Mr. Trump said in a 2013 deposition, “I really wouldn’t know what he looked like.”
But Mr. Sater worked on real estate development deals with the Trump Organization on and off for at least a decade, even after his role in the stock manipulation scheme came to light.
Mr. Sater, who was born in the Soviet Union and grew up in New York, served as an executive at a firm called Bayrock Group, two floors below the Trump Organization in Trump Tower, and was later a senior adviser to Mr. Trump.
He said he had been working on a plan for a Trump Tower in Moscow with a Russian real estate developer as recently as the fall of 2015, one that he said had come to a halt because of Mr. Trump’s presidential campaign. (Mr. Cohen said the Trump Organization had received a letter of intent for a project in Moscow from a Russian real estate developer at that time but determined that the project was not feasible.)
Mr. Artemenko said a mutual friend had put him in touch with Mr. Sater. Helping to advance the proposal, Mr. Sater said, made sense.
“I want to stop a war, number one,” he said. “Number two, I absolutely believe that the U.S. and Russia need to be allies, not enemies. If I could achieve both in one stroke, it would be a home run.”
After speaking with Mr. Sater and Mr. Artemenko in person, Mr. Cohen said he would deliver the plan to the White House.
Mr. Cohen said he did not know who in the Russian government had offered encouragement on it, as Mr. Artemenko claims, but he understood there was a promise of proof of corruption by the Ukrainian president.
“Fraud is never good, right?” Mr. Cohen said.
He said Mr. Sater had given him the written proposal in a sealed envelope. When Mr. Cohen met with Mr. Trump in the Oval Office in early February, he said, he left the proposal in Mr. Flynn’s office.
Mr. Cohen said he was waiting for a response when Mr. Flynn was forced from his post. Now Mr. Cohen, Mr. Sater and Mr. Artemenko are hoping a new national security adviser will take up their cause. On Friday the president wrote on Twitter that he had four new candidates for the job.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — For seven years, few issues have animated conservative voters as much as the repeal of the Affordable Care Act. But with President Barack Obama out of office, the debate over “Obamacare” is becoming less about “Obama” and more about “care” — greatly complicating the issue for Republican lawmakers.
Polling indicates that more Republicans want to make fixes to the law rather than do away with it. President Trump, who remains popular on the right, has mused about a replacement plan that is even more expansive than the original. The conservative news media are focused more on Mr. Trump’s near-daily skirmishes with Democrats and reporters, among others, than on policy issues like health care. And the congressional debate, as well as the paid advertisements on both sides, is centered on the substance of the law rather than its namesake, draining some of its toxicity on the right.
As liberals overwhelm congressional town hall-style meetings and deluge the Capitol phone system with pleas to protect the health law, there is no similar clamor for dismantling it, Mr. Obama’s signature legislative accomplishment. From deeply conservative districts in the South and the West to the more moderate parts of the Northeast, Republicans in Congress say there is significantly less intensity among opponents of the law than when Mr. Obama was in office.
“I hear more concerns than before about ‘You’re going to repeal it, and we’re all going to lose insurance’ because they don’t think we’re going to replace it,” said Representative Mike Simpson, a Republican who represents a conservative district in Idaho.
Since Mr. Obama signed the Affordable Care Act into law, about 20 million Americans have gained insurance because of it. And millions more who had pre-existing health conditions have been able to obtain coverage under the law. At the same time, many Americans have seen their premiums rise or their choices of insurance carriers dwindle.
But it was not until now, with the Republicans taking control of the federal government, that the debate fully shifted from the theoretical to the tangible. It was easy for conservatives to rally against a law identified with a president they despised when he was capable of vetoing any repeal. Now that he is gone and the law’s benefits appear to be on the chopping block, the people who stand to lose the most are the most vocal.
“I’ve heard from constituents who have been harmed by the Affordable Care Act over the course of its being in existence,” said Representative Leonard Lance, Republican of New Jersey, whose affluent district Mr. Trump narrowly lost last year. “More recently, because of our discussions on repairing it, I’ve heard from those who do not wish to have the act amended. More recently, that is the preponderance of those who have contacted me.”
It is a longstanding rule of politics that rallying opposition to a proposal is usually easier than galvanizing support. And never is this more the case than when a widely distributed benefit is at risk of being taken away.
“I was here in 2009 and 2010, and we’re not getting the anti-Obamacare calls like that,” said Representative Brett Guthrie, a Kentucky Republican who is on one of the committees tasked with rewriting the law. “I think people are going to hold us accountable for making sure we not only repeal, but we have a law in place that creates a better opportunity for people.”
The demands from conservative-leaning constituents in districts like Mr. Guthrie’s are plainly shifting. In a nationwide CBS News poll last month, 53 percent of Republicans said they wanted to change the law to make it work better while 41 percent said they wanted to abolish it.
Overhauling the law, however, is far more politically complicated than simply scrapping it. Congressional Republican leaders were met with a backlash from their own ranks after it emerged that they were considering financing a new law by ending the longstanding practice of letting employers exclude from taxation the health benefits they offer.
“Our voters do expect action, but as you make changes you become vulnerable to attack,” Representative Tom Cole of Oklahoma said. “This is fraught with difficulties, no doubt about it.”
Adding to the anxiety is Mr. Trump, who is a wild card on the health law. His health secretary, Tom Price, signaled to House Republicans at a private meeting on Thursday that the administration would let Congress draft a replacement bill, Mr. Cole said.
But the president has said multiple times that he is uneasy about depriving anybody of health insurance, and he may bridle if Democrats attack any Republican plan that may lead to that.
As Democrats note, Mr. Trump owes his victory in part to voters who have benefited from the law.
“A lot of economically vulnerable Republican voters have come to rely on government’s involvement in making sure they have affordable health care,”said Geoff Garin, a Democratic pollster.
And with Mr. Trump and Republican lawmakers facing less pressure from the right than the left, conservative groups worry that the party will not ultimately have the stomach to repeal the law, which Republicans have been running against since 2010.
“Voters gave Republicans the charge to repeal and replace Obamacare, and the continued delays and discussions about repairing Obamacare need to stop,” David McIntosh, the head of the Club for Growth, a conservative advocacy group, said last week.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — A Democrat on the Federal Election Commission is quitting her term early because of the gridlock that has gripped the panel, offering President Trump an unexpected chance to shape political spending rules.
The commissioner, Ann M. Ravel, said during an interview that she would send Mr. Trump her letter of resignation this week. She pointed to a series of deadlocked votes between the panel’s three Democrats and three Republicans that she said left her little hope the group would ever be able to rein in campaign finance abuses.
“The ability of the commission to perform its role has deteriorated significantly,” said Ms. Ravel, who has sparred bitterly with the Republican election commissioners during her three years on the panel. She added, “I think I can be more effective on the outside.”
Her departure will probably set off an intense political fight over how a new commissioner should be picked. By tradition, Senate Democrats would be allowed to select the replacement, but, by law, the choice belongs to the president, and Mr. Trump has shown little interest in Washington customs.
The outcome could have a major impact on a commission long derided for inaction, even as record amounts of money have poured into campaigns. Spending during last year’s presidential and congressional races exceeded $6.9 billion, according to data from the Center for Responsive Politics, as “super PACs” and other outside groups spent freely as a result of the Supreme Court’s 2010 Citizens United decision.
Mr. Trump can pick a nominee himself so long as he does not choose a registered Republican, said Richard L. Hasen, an election law scholar at the University of California, Irvine. The panel, which already has three Republicans, cannot have more than three members from any political party. Mr. Hasen said he would not be surprised if Mr. Trump made the pick himself, especially because his White House counsel, Donald F. McGahn II, was an election commissioner himself and has pushed fiercely for deregulating campaign finance.
“It would be transformative,” Mr. Hasen said, if the president nominated someone more aligned with the panel’s Republican members to push for even further deregulation.
Mr. Trump has promised to “drain the swamp” of special interest money in Washington, but his record so far has been mixed. While he claimed repeatedly during the campaign that he was “self-funding” his run, Mr. Trump and organizations supporting him took in nearly $600 million, and he put in far less than the $100 million of his own money that he had pledged.
Since taking office, the president has strengthened some rules on lobbying by former members of the executive branch, but ethics experts have also criticized him for failing to fully disentangle himself from his vast financial interests. Ms. Ravel acknowledged she was concerned that Mr. Trump might seek to name her replacement himself. “But I’m hoping that he will understand the need to appoint people who actually believe in the mission of the agency and will carry out the mandates of the law,” she said, but added, “I don’t know what will happen.”
Her claims that Republican commissioners have been unwilling to rein in obvious violations and abuses have drawn wide attention — as well as angry rebukes from those Republicans, who have accused her of grandstanding and of exaggerating the problem. The publicity even earned Ms. Ravel an appearance on “The Daily Show,” where her interviewer suggested the commission had become as irrelevant as male nipples.
Ms. Ravel said she would return to California, where she had served as a state regulator in identifying millions of dollars in “dark money” that flooded California elections.
She considered leaving the commission last year, she said, but decided to stay through the election after President Barack Obama had asked her to do so.
While Ms. Ravel will be leaving only two months shy of the end of her term, commissioners have routinely remained well past the end of their terms because of the difficulty in agreeing on replacements. All the other current members are serving well beyond the end of their terms, with one Democrat, Ellen L. Weintraub, now nearly a decade past her term’s 2007 end date.
Ms. Ravel plans to release an analysis her office has prepared on what she says is the worsening gridlock at the commission. The title sums up her feelings: “Dysfunction and Deadlock: The Enforcement Crisis at the Federal Election Commission Reveals the Unlikelihood of Draining the Swamp.”
By her analysis, the rate of deadlocked votes blocking “substantive” enforcement actions against possible campaign violations has reached a new high of 37.5 percent. And, in such cases, she said, financial penalties against campaigns have dropped significantly over the last decade. But, as with many issues at the election commission, Ms. Ravel and her Republican counterparts are sharply at odds over the panel’s performance. Lee E. Goodman, a Republican commissioner, called her analysis “nonsensical and arbitrary,” saying that deadlocked votes were actually far more unusual.
Ms. Ravel has continued to push “the tired meme of dysfunction” simply to make her political case, he said. His own data, he added, indicates that campaigns are complying with finance laws far more than before. Mr. Goodman suggested that “contrary to the spin” from Democrats, “the situation has indeed changed, but for the better.”



ARTICLE
Much seemed familiar on Saturday as President Trump held his first campaign rally as president — the hats, the chants, and even some of the misstatements and exaggerations made by Mr. Trump.
Mr. Trump compared himself to Thomas Jefferson and Abraham Lincoln, presidents who “fought with the media and called them out.”
“We are here today to speak the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth,” he said. But he then offered several misleading claims.
Refugees are vetted, and it takes two years.
Mr. Trump repeatedly made this inaccurate claim during the 2016 campaign, and it is still inaccurate. The country’s vetting system for refugees, which begins at the United Nations, is extensive.
Applicants undergo several rounds of background and biometric checks — fingerprints and retina scans, for example — by multiple federal immigration and intelligence agencies. The system is not foolproof, and intelligence officials have raised concerns about gaps in data collection on people coming from conflict zones like Syria.
Some polls show optimism, others don’t.
In the immediate aftermath of Mr. Trump’s election, the majority of voters expressed optimism about the next four years in several respected polls. But the results have varied in more recent months: 53 percent said they were optimistic in a Quinnipiac University poll, while 54 percent said they were pessimistic or uncertain in an NBC/Wall Street Journal poll.
According to Gallup’s weekly economic optimism poll, Americans are slightly less confident in the economy in February than they were in January. In other Gallup polls, Mr. Trump’s approval rating and Americans’ view of the country’s standing in the world are the lowest in decades.
Data shows modest gains so far.
The economy added 227,000 jobs in January 2017, a healthy but less than record increase, more likely attributable to the ending days of the Obama administration than the incoming president. And the unemployment rate “was little changed,” remaining at 4.8 percent for January, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
That’s 0.1 percent higher than it was the previous month.
Crime is high in Chicago, but it has generally declined.
Mr. Trump warned of soaring levels of crime during the 2016 election, ignoring data. Chicago did experience a surge in homicides last year, with more than 750 people murdered. The country’s third-largest city, along with three other urban areas, contributed to a jump in the national murder rate in 2016. But over all, both violent crime and property crime have fallen since the early 1990s.



ARTICLE
MELBOURNE, Fla. — Never let it be said that President Trump waits until the last minute. With just 1,354 days until the next presidential election, Mr. Trump kicked off his re-election campaign here on Saturday with a boisterous, sign-waving, slogan-chanting, patriotic-song-singing rally that lacked only an opponent for him to run against.
Gathering thousands of cheering supporters inside an airport hangar, Mr. Trump put aside the stress of Washington governing and returned to the campaign trail, where he reprised many of his greatest-hits themes and lines from last year and drank in the adulation of the crowd. Buoyant and energized, he invited one fan onto the stage for a hug and even briefly turned over the microphone.
“You’re all part of this incredible movement, this movement that we talk about so much, that’s been written about on the cover of every magazine all over the world,” Mr. Trump said in this Space Coast town 115 miles north of his Mar-a-Lago getaway. “It’s a moment that’s just sweeping, it’s sweeping across our country. It’s sweeping, frankly, across the globe.”
“People want to take back control of their countries,” he added, “and they want to take back control of their lives.”
With no Democratic challengers on the horizon — or anywhere near it — only a month after he took office, Mr. Trump focused instead on another favorite target, the news media, blaming journalists for any perception that his opening days in office have been less than smooth.
“They have their own agenda, and their agenda is not your agenda,” he told the appreciative audience. “They could not defeat us in the primaries, and they could not defeat us in the general election, and we will continue to expose them for what they are, and most important, we will continue to win, win, win.”
He also assailed the appeals court judges who blocked his temporary travel ban, reading from a law granting the president wide discretion in setting immigration rules and chastising the court for not addressing it. He slammed Democrats for opposing his cabinet nominations; vowed again to “drain the swamp” of Washington; and promoted his still-emerging plans for overhauling the tax code, repealing and replacing the Affordable Care Act, and building roads and bridges.
“This will be change for the ages, change like never before, to pursue real peace, real stability and real prosperity,” he said. “We want to secure our borders and protect our workers, to rebuild our military and our infrastructure, to fix our schools and restore safety to our neighborhoods.”
He boasted about the soaring stock market and said a new spirit was evident in the country. “It’s going to be a new day in America,” he said. “You’re going to be proud again. Jobs are already starting to pour back in.”
For anyone who has missed the buzz of the campaign trail, including, almost certainly, the victorious candidate, it was a blast from the not-too-distant past. Vendors sold the signature “Make America Great Again” red baseball caps. Supporters cheerfully chanted “CNN sucks” and “drain the swamp.” Familiar rally songs by Elton John, the Rolling Stones and other artists were blasted over the loudspeakers. Mr. Trump talked about winning and assured the crowd that they could “believe me.”
This time, though, he came with an extra prop — Air Force One. The power and prestige of the presidency is unmatched, and when the blue-and-white plane rolled up next to the hangar to the theme song from the Harrison Ford movie “Air Force One,” the crowd, estimated by the local police to have numbered about 9,000, exploded. The president and Melania Trump — who later introduced her husband with the Lord’s Prayer — emerged from the plane to Lee Greenwood’s “God Bless the U.S.A.”
Never mind that an administration official had told The Washington Post two days earlier that Air Force One would not be “used in the background as a prop.” Mr. Trump was hardly the first president to do so. The difference is that most presidents are eager to appear to remain above politics for as long as possible. Mr. Trump, by contrast, filed his re-election papers on Inauguration Day.
Asked by reporters on Air Force One as he flew here whether it was a little early to get back into campaign mode, he said: “Life is a campaign. Making our country great again is a campaign. For me, it’s a campaign; to make America great again is absolutely a campaign.”
The fan Mr. Trump called onstage was Gene Huber, 47, of Boynton Beach, Fla. He was sitting directly in front of Mr. Trump, who said he had seen Mr. Huber speaking in support of him on television. At Mr. Trump’s invitation, Mr. Huber spoke at the lectern for about 40 seconds. In an interview on Saturday night, Mr. Huber, who grew up in Lake Ronkonkoma, on Long Island, said when Mr. Trump called him to the stage, “I was like, ‘Holy mackerel, this is happening.’”
Mr. Huber, a Republican who arrived for the rally at 4 a.m., said of Mr. Trump, “Everything he says, I know he’s going to do.”
It was clearly an energizing moment for a president who has shaken up Washington with a flurry of action on his campaign promises while absorbing significant setbacks. For all the enthusiasm in the hangar, Mr. Trump is struggling to win over the wider public. As of Friday, the Gallup poll put his approval rating at 38 percent, the lowest of any modern president so early in his tenure. Near the hangar, protesters yelled slogans and waved signs.
At the end of his speech, Mr. Trump was clearly reading from prepared text as he talked about unity. “Let us move past the differences of party and find a new loyalty rooted deeply in our country,” he said.
But he was at his most animated when in competitive mode. “We’re going to start winning again,” he said. “Believe me.”



ARTICLE
MELBOURNE, Fla. — President Trump will interview four candidates on Sunday to replace his dismissed national security adviser, three of them military veterans, but one of America’s most prominent retired generals, whose name had been floated, is not in the running.
A White House spokesman said on Saturday that Mr. Trump would speak with Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster, a prominent military strategist; Lt. Gen. Robert L. Caslen Jr., the superintendent of the United States Military Academy at West Point; and Keith Kellogg, a retired lieutenant general already serving as acting national security adviser.
Mr. Trump, who is spending the weekend in Florida, will also interview John R. Bolton, who served as President George W. Bush’s ambassador to the United Nations and has previously been considered for deputy secretary of state. Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, told reporters that “potentially others” might also be considered but that David H. Petraeus, the retired general and former C.I.A. director, was not a candidate.
The national security adviser is a crucial figure in any White House, but Mr. Trump has struggled to find the right person to fill the post. His first national security adviser, Michael T. Flynn, a retired lieutenant general, lasted only 24 days before Mr. Trump requested his resignation for misinforming Vice President Mike Pence about the nature of a conversation with Russia’s ambassador to the United States.
The list of candidates now being considered reflects Mr. Trump’s continued interest in bringing top military officers into his administration. Other generals have served as national security adviser — notably Brent Scowcroft and Colin L. Powell — but the president seems reluctant to cast a net much wider than the officer corps.
At a news conference on Thursday, Mr. Trump said he was comfortable dismissing Mr. Flynn in part because he had “somebody that I think will be outstanding for the position.” He seemed to be referring to Robert S. Harward, a retired vice admiral and Navy SEAL, but Mr. Harward later turned down the job.
The search for a new adviser has been complicated by uncertainty in the foreign policy world about the role of Stephen K. Bannon, the president’s chief strategist, who has been given a seat on a cabinet-level National Security Council committee. Mr. Harward was said to have expressed concern about how much autonomy he would have had. Mr. Petraeus was said to have similar concerns, although some close to Mr. Trump said he was never a serious candidate.
A White House official, who like others insisted on anonymity to discuss the search more candidly, rejected reports that Mr. Harward had been concerned about a lack of autonomy in the role, insisting that he had been promised full personnel and structuring authority to clean house. Mr. Bannon was Mr. Harward’s biggest supporter in the West Wing for the national security adviser role, whisking him into a secret meeting with the president on Monday.
On Saturday evening, a senior administration official described General McMaster and General Caslen as the leading candidates.
The one candidate who has not emerged from the military is Mr. Bolton, an outspoken conservative respected by Mr. Bannon, although it is unclear if Mr. Bannon is supporting him for the national security job. Mr. Bolton does have support from two important donors to Mr. Trump, according to people briefed on the White House process: the casino magnate Sheldon G. Adelson and the philanthropist Rebekah Mercer.
Mr. Bolton shares Mr. Trump’s strong antipathy toward the Iran nuclear deal negotiated by former President Barack Obama, and he would presumably continue the tough approach begun by Mr. Flynn of pressuring Tehran over its ballistic missile program and its sponsorship of terrorist groups. But Mr. Bolton has also taken a stronger position on Russia than Mr. Trump or Mr. Flynn. In a recent op-ed article in The Wall Street Journal, he seemed to try to reconcile that by agreeing with Mr. Trump’s criticism of Mr. Obama’s New Start arms control treaty with Russia.
Mr. Bolton is a favorite of conservatives but an adversary of Democrats, who blocked him for confirmation as ambassador to the United Nations. Mr. Bush used his recess appointment power to install him anyway, but came to regret it when Mr. Bolton, after leaving office, became a harsh critic for what he said was the president’s unwise willingness to negotiate with North Korea.
General McMaster, a highly decorated Army officer, is considered one of the military’s leading intellectuals. He earned something of a cult status in the military as a young major for his influential 1997 book, “Dereliction of Duty,” an indictment of the military’s failure to stand up to Lyndon B. Johnson and other civilian leaders during the Vietnam War.
But General McMaster has also proved himself in the field, leading a successful counterinsurgency effort in 2005 to secure Tal Afar in northern Iraq. He was critical of the way the Bush administration went to war in Iraq and became an important thinker behind the strategy change that helped turn the war around. Foreign Policy magazine called him “the brain behind Petraeus.” General McMaster is now the director of the Army Capabilities Integration Center at Fort Eustis in Virginia.
General Caslen, who was in the Pentagon on Sept. 11, 2001, and went back into the building after it was hit, served in key roles in Iraq and Afghanistan. He was commander of the 25th Infantry Division (Light) and commander of coalition forces in northern Iraq. A West Point graduate, he took command of the military academy in 2013. Mr. Bannon is a former naval officer, and his daughter graduated from West Point.
Mr. Kellogg served for 36 years in the Army, including two tours in Vietnam, where he earned the Silver Star and other medals. He commanded the 82nd Airborne Division and was chief operating officer of the Coalition Provisional Authority in Iraq before retiring in 2003. He advised Mr. Trump on foreign policy during his campaign and was named chief of staff at the National Security Council.



ARTICLE
Testimony laced with “a particularly noxious strain of racial prejudice” in a Texas death penalty case required a new sentencing for the defendant, Duane Buck, the Supreme Court ruled on Wednesday.
The testimony came from a psychologist who said black defendants were more dangerous than white ones. Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr., writing for the majority in a 6-to-2 decision, said the psychologist’s report “said, in effect, that the color of Buck’s skin made him more deserving of execution.”
“Our law punishes people for what they do, not who they are,” Chief Justice Roberts wrote. “Dispensing punishment on the basis of an immutable characteristic flatly contravenes this guiding principle.”
Mr. Buck was convicted of the 1995 murders of a former girlfriend, Debra Gardner, and one of her friends, Kenneth Butler, while Ms. Gardner’s young children watched. Texas law allows death sentences only if prosecutors can show the defendant poses a future danger to society.
During the trial’s sentencing phase in 1997, Mr. Buck’s lawyers presented a report from the psychologist, Walter Quijano, who said race was one of the factors associated with future dangerousness.
At the trial, a lawyer for Mr. Buck asked Dr. Quijano to elaborate.
“It’s a sad commentary that minorities, Hispanics and black people, are overrepresented in the criminal justice system,” Dr. Quijano testified.
A prosecutor followed up: “The race factor, black, increases the future dangerousness for various complicated reasons — is that correct?”
Dr. Quijano answered, “Yes.”
Chief Justice Roberts wrote that the testimony “appealed to a powerful racial stereotype — that of black men as ‘violence prone.’”
Other evidence suggested that Mr. Buck did not pose a threat of future danger, Chief Justice Roberts wrote.
“Buck’s prior violent acts had occurred outside of prison, and within the context of romantic relationships with women,” the chief justice wrote. “If the jury did not impose a death sentence, Buck would be sentenced to life in prison, and no such romantic relationship would be likely to arise. A jury could conclude that those changes would minimize the prospect of future dangerousness.”
“But one thing would never change: the color of Buck’s skin,” Chief Justice Roberts wrote. “Buck would always be black.”
Texas argued that Dr. Quijano’s testimony was brief and was overwhelmed by other evidence that Mr. Buck continued to pose a threat.
Chief Justice Roberts rejected that argument. “When a jury hears expert testimony that expressly makes a defendant’s race directly pertinent on the question of life or death, the impact of that evidence cannot be measured simply by how much airtime it received at trial or how many pages it occupies in the record,” he wrote. “Some toxins can be deadly in small doses.”
In 2000, John Cornyn, then Texas’ attorney general and now a United States senator, disavowed Dr. Quijano’s testimony in six cases, including that of Mr. Buck. “It is inappropriate to allow race to be considered as a factor in our criminal justice system,” he said in a public statement. The state later consented to new sentencing proceedings in the five other cases.
After Mr. Cornyn left office, the state continued to seek to execute Mr. Buck. His case was different, prosecutors said, because Mr. Buck’s own lawyer — rather than prosecutors — had presented Dr. Quijano’s testimony.
But Chief Justice Roberts said that only made the problem worse. “No competent defense attorney would introduce such evidence about his own client,” he wrote, noting that Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. had said much the same thing in a 2011 opinion at an earlier stage of the case. Back then, Justice Alito wrote that the case “concerns bizarre and objectionable testimony.”
In dissent on Wednesday, Justice Clarence Thomas, joined by Justice Alito, said, “Texas had good reason for treating this case differently from the others.”
“This is the only one” of the six cases, Justice Thomas wrote, quoting from Justice Alito’s 2011 opinion, “where ‘it can be said that the responsibility for eliciting the offensive testimony lay squarely with the defense.’”
But Chief Justice Roberts wrote that an expert presented by the defense had special force. “When a defendant’s own lawyer puts in the offending evidence, it is in the nature of an admission against interest, more likely to be taken at face value,” he wrote.
One of Mr. Buck’s trial lawyers, Jerry Guerinot, has a dismal record in death penalty cases, having represented 20 people sentenced to death in Texas, more than are awaiting execution in about half of the states that have the death penalty.
The case reached the Supreme Court on the narrow question of whether a federal appeals court should have allowed Mr. Buck to appeal a challenge to his death sentence. But Chief Justice Roberts’s opinion answered larger questions, too, ruling that Mr. Buck’s lawyers had been ineffective and had prejudiced him, making him entitled to a new sentencing hearing.
In his dissent, Justice Thomas said the majority had been so eager to reach its “desired outcome” that it had bulldozed procedural obstacles and misapplied settled law. As a consequence, the decision in the case, Buck v. Davis, No. 15-8049, “has few ramifications, if any beyond the highly unusual facts presented here,” Justice Thomas wrote.
Justice Thomas described Mr. Buck’s murders in detail, suggesting that they were proof enough that he remained dangerous and saying that Chief Justice Roberts had relied “on rhetoric and speculation to craft a finding of prejudice.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — As Oklahoma’s attorney general, Scott Pruitt, now the Environmental Protection Agency administrator, closely coordinated with major oil and gas producers, electric utilities and political groups with ties to the libertarian billionaire brothers Charles G. and David H. Koch to roll back environmental regulations, according to over 6,000 pages of emails made public on Wednesday.
The publication of the correspondence comes just days after Mr. Pruitt was sworn in to run the E.P.A., which is charged with reining in pollution and regulating public health. Senate Democrats tried last week to postpone a final vote until the emails could be made public, but Republicans beat back the delay and approved his confirmation on Friday largely along party lines.
The impolitic tone of many of the emails cast light on why Republicans were so eager to beat the release. And although the contents of the emails were broadly revealed in The New York Times in 2014, the totality of the correspondences captures just how much at war Mr. Pruitt was with the E.P.A. and how cozy he was with the industries that he is now charged with policing.
“Thank you to your respective bosses and all they are doing to push back against President Obama’s E.P.A. and its axis with liberal environmental groups to increase energy costs for Oklahomans and American families across the states,” said one email sent to the offices of Mr. Pruitt and an Oklahoma congressman in August 2013 by Matt Ball, an executive at Americans for Prosperity. That nonprofit group is funded in part by the Kochs, the Kansas-born business executives who spent much of the past decade combating federal regulations, particularly in the energy sector. “You both work for true champions of freedom and liberty!” the note said.
Environmental groups rushed to condemn the correspondence.
“This extensive trail of emails reads like a yearslong chain of love letters between soul mates,” said Ken Cook, the president of the Environmental Working Group.
Mr. Pruitt has been among the most contentious of President Trump’s cabinet nominees. Environmental groups, Democrats in Congress and even current E.P.A. employees have protested his ties to energy companies, his efforts to block and weaken major environmental rules, and his skepticism of the central mission of the agency he now leads. As soon as this week, Mr. Trump is expected to announce at least two executive orders directing Mr. Pruitt to begin rolling back and weakening a set of Obama-era E.P.A. regulations aimed at limiting emissions that cause global warming, and at pollution in the nation’s rivers, streams and wetlands.
An Oklahoma judge ordered the release of the emails in response to a lawsuit by the Center for Media and Democracy, a liberal watchdog group. Many of the emails are copies of documents previously provided to The Times, which examined Mr. Pruitt’s interaction with energy industry players his office helps regulate.
The companies provided him with draft letters to send to federal regulators in an attempt to block regulations on greenhouse gas emissions from oil and gas wells, ozone air pollution and chemicals used in hydraulic fracturing, or fracking, the technique of injecting chemicals underground to extract oil and gas, the emails show.
Industry executives and Mr. Pruitt held secret meetings to discuss more comprehensive ways to combat the Obama administration’s environmental agenda, and companies and the organizations they funded repeatedly praised Mr. Pruitt and his staff for the assistance in their campaign.
In his new job, Mr. Pruitt will regulate many of the companies with which he coordinated as attorney general of Oklahoma. From that perch, Mr. Pruitt took part in 14 lawsuits against major E.P.A. environmental rules, at times in coordination with energy companies such as Oklahoma Gas & Electric, whose executives held a fund-raising event for Mr. Pruitt, while he joined with the company to challenge a rule that would require it to upgrade or replace certain coal-burning power plants.
The emails show that his office corresponded with those companies — including Devon Energy, an Oklahoma oil and gas producer, and American Electric Power, an Ohio-based utility — in efforts to weaken federal environmental regulations, the same rules he will now oversee.
“Please find attached a short white paper with some talking points that you might find useful to cut and paste when encouraging states to file comments on the S.S.M. rule,” wrote Roderick Hastie, a lobbyist at Hunton & Williams, a law firm that represents major utilities, including Southern Company, urging Mr. Pruitt’s office to file comments on a proposed E.P.A. rule related to so-called start-up, shutdown and malfunction emissions.
The most frequent correspondence was with Devon Energy, which has aggressively challenged rules proposed by the E.P.A. and the Department of Interior’s Bureau of Land Management, which controls drilling on federal lands. In the 2014 election cycle, Devon was one of the top contributors to the Republican Attorneys General Association, which Mr. Pruitt led for two years during that period.
In a March 2013 letter to Mr. Pruitt’s office, William Whitsitt, then an executive vice president of Devon, referred to a letter his company had drafted for Mr. Pruitt to deliver, on state stationery, to Obama administration officials. Mr. Pruitt, meeting with White House officials, made the case that the rule to rein in methane emissions would harm his state’s economy. His argument was taken directly from Mr. Whitsitt’s draft language.
“To follow up on my conversations with Attorney General Pruitt and you, I believe that a meeting — or perhaps more efficient, a conference call — with O.I.R.A. (the O.M.B. Office of Information and Regulatory Analysis) on the B.L.M. rule should be requested right away,” Mr. Whitsitt wrote to a senior member of Mr. Pruitt’s staff, referring to the section of the White House Office of Management and Budget that coordinates regulations throughout the government. “The attached draft letter (or something like it that Scott is comfortable talking from and sending to the acting director to whom the letter is addressed) could be the basis for the meeting or call.”
In an email from January of that year, Mr. Whitsitt thanked Mr. Pruitt’s office for pushing the Bureau of Land Management to loosen a proposed regulation on fracking.
“I just let General Pruitt know that B.L.M. is going to propose a different version of its federal lands hydraulic fracturing rule thanks to input received — thanks for the help on this!” Mr. Whitsitt wrote.
In another example, Mr. Pruitt’s office coordinated with the oil and gas lobbying group American Fuel & Petrochemical Manufacturers in petitions against two E.P.A. regulations: one mandating production of renewable fuels and another limiting pollution of smog-causing chemicals. In 2013, lawyers for the group met with Mr. Pruitt in Washington. In a July 2013 email, the group provided Mr. Pruitt’s office with language for a petition against the rules.
“This argument is more credible coming from a state,” Richard Moskowitz, general counsel at the American Fuel & Petrochemical Manufacturers, wrote to one of Mr. Pruitt’s aides.
Later that year, Mr. Pruitt filed petitions against both those rules.
On Tuesday afternoon, Mr. Pruitt addressed career E.P.A. employees to assuage unease with — and even rebellion against — their new boss. Mr. Pruitt praised the employees for their years of public service and promised to listen to them.
“I believe that we as an agency, and we as a nation, can be both pro-energy and jobs and pro-environment. But we don’t have to choose between the two,” he told employees, even as he stressed that federal authority should be diminished, and that regulatory powers and oversight of pollution should be left largely to the states.
“Federalism matters,” he said.
The E.P.A. and the White House did not respond to requests for comment on the emails.
The emails do not appear to include any request for his intervention explicitly in exchange for campaign contributions, although Mr. Pruitt was separately working as a member of the Republican Attorneys General Association to raise money from many of the same companies.
The Oklahoma attorney general’s office withheld some documents, asking the judge to determine if they can be exempted from the order requiring their release. Other open-records requests from the Center for Media and Democracy, The Times and other news organizations remain pending.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump on Wednesday rescinded protections for transgender students that had allowed them to use bathrooms corresponding with their gender identity, overruling his own education secretary and placing his administration firmly in the middle of the culture wars that many Republicans have tried to leave behind.
In a joint letter, the top civil rights officials from the Justice Department and the Education Department rejected the Obama administration’s position that nondiscrimination laws require schools to allow transgender students to use the bathrooms of their choice.
That directive, they said, was improperly and arbitrarily devised, “without due regard for the primary role of the states and local school districts in establishing educational policy.”
The question of how to address the “bathroom debate,” as it has become known, opened a rift inside the Trump administration, pitting Education Secretary Betsy DeVos against Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Mr. Sessions, who had been expected to move quickly to roll back the civil rights expansions put in place under his Democratic predecessors, wanted to act decisively because of two pending court cases that could have upheld the protections and pushed the government into further litigation.
But Ms. DeVos initially resisted signing off and told Mr. Trump that she was uncomfortable because of the potential harm that rescinding the protections could cause transgender students, according to three Republicans with direct knowledge of the internal discussions.
Mr. Sessions, who has opposed expanding gay, lesbian and transgender rights, pushed Ms. DeVos to relent. After getting nowhere, he took his objections to the White House because he could not go forward without her consent. Mr. Trump sided with his attorney general, the Republicans said, and told Ms. DeVos in a meeting in the Oval Office on Tuesday that he wanted her to drop her opposition. And Ms. DeVos, faced with the alternative of resigning or defying the president, agreed to go along.
Ms. DeVos’s unease was evident in a strongly worded statement she released on Wednesday night, in which she said she considered it a “moral obligation” for every school in America to protect all students from discrimination, bullying and harassment.
She said she had directed the Education Department’s Office for Civil Rights to investigate all claims of such treatment “against those who are most vulnerable in our schools,” but also argued that bathroom access was not a federal matter.
Gay rights supporters made their displeasure clear. Outside the White House, several hundred people protested the decision, chanting, “No hate, no fear, trans students are welcome here.”
Individual schools will remain free to let transgender students use the bathrooms with which they are most comfortable. And the effect of the administration’s decision will not be immediate because a federal court had already issued a nationwide injunction barring enforcement of the Obama order.
The dispute highlighted the degree to which transgender rights issues, which Mr. Trump expressed sympathy for during the campaign, continue to split Republicans, even as many in the party argue that it is time to move away from social issues and focus more on bread-and-butter pocketbook concerns.
Within the administration, it also threatened to become another distraction for Mr. Trump after a tumultuous first month in office. And it showed how Mr. Trump, who has taken a more permissive stance on gay rights and same-sex marriage than many of his fellow Republicans, is bowing to pressure from the religious right and contradicting his own personal views.
Social conservatives, one of Mr. Trump’s most loyal constituencies, applauded him for honoring a pledge he had made to them during the campaign. They had argued that former President Barack Obama’s policy would allow potential sexual predators access to bathrooms and create an unsafe environment for children.
“The federal government has absolutely no right to strip parents and local schools of their rights to provide a safe learning environment for children,” said Tony Perkins, president of the Family Research Council.
But supporters of transgender rights said the Trump administration was acting recklessly and cruelly. “The consequences of this decision will no doubt be heartbreaking,” said Chad Griffin, president of the Human Rights Campaign. “This isn’t a states’ rights issue; it’s a civil rights issue.”
Bathroom access emerged as a major and divisive issue last March when North Carolina passed a bill barring transgender people from using bathrooms that do not match the sex on their birth certificate. It was part of a broader bill eliminating anti-discrimination protections for gay and transgender people.
Gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender issues became a point of attack for opponents of Ms. DeVos’s nomination last month, as Democrats questioned her about the extensive financial support that some of her relatives — part of her wealthy and politically active Michigan family — had provided to anti-gay causes. Ms. DeVos distanced herself from her relatives on the issue, saying their political activities did not represent her views.
While Wednesday’s order significantly rolls back transgender protections, it does include language stating that schools must protect transgender students from bullying, a provision Ms. DeVos asked for, one person with direct knowledge of the process said.
“All schools must ensure that students, including L.G.B.T. students, are able to learn and thrive in a safe environment,” the letter said, echoing Ms. DeVos’s comments at her confirmation hearing but not expressly using the word transgender. Ms. DeVos, who has been quietly supportive of gay rights for years, was said to have voiced her concern about the high rates of suicide among transgender students. In one 2016 study by the Cincinnati Children’s Hospital Medical Center, for instance, 30 percent reported a history of at least one suicide attempt.
Mr. Trump appears to have been swayed by conservatives in his administration who reminded him that he had promised during the campaign to leave the question of bathroom use to the states.
But he had given conflicting signals on the issue, and on gay rights more broadly. He said last April, for instance, that he supported the right of transgender people to “use the bathroom they feel is appropriate,” and added that Caitlyn Jenner, perhaps the most famous transgender person in the country, could use whichever bathroom at Trump Tower she wanted. He has also called the Supreme Court decision legalizing same-sex marriage settled law. “And I’m fine with that,” he told CBS News after the November election.
Despite his personal views, Mr. Trump’s decisions in office have been consistently conservative on social issues. And he has shown considerable deference to the religious right, naming many religious conservatives to top cabinet posts and pledging to fight for religious freedom protections and restrictions on abortion.
The Justice Department is eager to move quickly in laying out its legal position on transgender policy, to avoid confusion in cases moving through the courts.
The dispute has underscored the influence that Mr. Sessions, an early and ardent supporter of Mr. Trump, is likely to exercise over domestic policy. As someone who has a long record of opposing efforts to broaden federal protections on a range of matters under his purview — immigration, voting rights and gay rights, for example — he has moved quickly to set the Justice Department on a strikingly different course than his predecessors in the Obama administration.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — As President Trump is giving his first address to a joint session of Congress next week, Hispanic political leaders plan to meet in Washington to draft a strategy to counter his agenda, particularly his immigration crackdown.
The Latino Victory Fund, a political action committee that works to elect progressive Hispanic leaders, will meet on Tuesday, as Mr. Trump speaks to Congress, to begin recruiting candidates at the federal, state and local levels who can push back against the president’s policies, including in cities and municipalities where they are having immediate impact.
Those include in so-called sanctuary cities, which are jurisdictions that limit their cooperation with federal authorities seeking to detain unauthorized immigrants.
“As the president is outlining his plans to break up families, roll back civil rights protections and gut the environment, we are going to be finalizing our strategy to defeat him,” said Cristóbal Alex, the president of the Latino Victory Project, a civic group affiliated with the Latino Victory Fund.
Mr. Trump, he added, “literally started his campaign on Day 1 by attacking us, and his policies have reflected that, so we need to build up our power and fight back.”
Attendees will include Xavier Becerra, the California attorney general; Thomas E. Perez, secretary of labor to President Barack Obama; and Julián Castro, Mr. Obama’s secretary of housing and urban development, as well as Latino elected officials from around the country, the organizers said.
Mr. Alex said that of the 13 million to 14 million Latinos who voted in the 2016 election, 79 percent of them opposed Mr. Trump, and the proportion was even higher among women, at 86 percent. They helped elect a record number of Hispanics to Congress, including the first Latina in the Senate, Catherine Cortez Masto of Nevada.
“This is the silver lining on Trump’s victory, and we need to continue to build on it,” Mr. Alex said.
The Trump administration’s new policies reject the sometimes more restrained efforts by Mr. Obama and President George W. Bush and their predecessors, who sought to balance protecting the nation’s borders with limits on the exercise of laws passed by Congress. But the new policies are likely to be welcomed by some law enforcement officials who have called for a tougher crackdown on illegal immigration, and by some Republicans in Congress who have said that lax enforcement encourages illegal immigration.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump appears on the verge of reversing protections put in place by the Obama administration to stop discrimination against transgender students in schools, officials said Tuesday.
Civil rights advocates said that the possible rollback of protections, which could come as soon as Wednesday, would represent a major step backward after the enormous progress made by gay and transgender people in recent years.
The administration signaled that an announcement was imminent on the question of whether transgender students should be able to use the bathroom of their choosing — and that Mr. Trump could well come down differently from his predecessor, President Barack Obama, a forceful advocate for transgender students.
Mr. Trump believes that “this is a states’ rights issue and not one for the federal government,” Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, told reporters on Tuesday.
Mr. Spicer said that officials at the Justice and Education Departments were reviewing a policy put out by the Obama administration last May that directed public schools to allow transgender students to use the bathrooms that match their gender identity. The Obama administration said that transgender students fell under the sex discrimination measures in federal funding under Title IX.
At the same time, the Trump administration expects to announce its legal position on a separate case before the Supreme Court brought by a transgender teenage boy in Virginia who was barred from using the boys’ bathroom at his school, Mr. Spicer said. The Obama administration had backed the boy’s position.
Mr. Spicer’s assertion that the transgender question is “not one for the federal government” conflicts squarely with the view of Obama administration officials, who saw gay and transgender issues as perhaps the biggest civil rights fight of the modern era.
Vanita Gupta, who led the civil rights division at the Justice Department at the end of the Obama administration, said that the indication that Mr. Trump’s administration might back away from transgender protections was troubling.
“To cloak this in federalism ignores the vital and historic role that federal law plays in ensuring that all children (including L.G.B.T. students) are able to attend school free from discrimination,” she said in an email.
Transgender advocates said that they worried that undoing the protections put in place by the Obama administration would open the door to further discrimination against transgender students — a group that is already the frequent target of harassment and hate crimes — and would create widespread confusion in public schools about what is allowed under federal policies.
Mara Keisling, who leads the National Center for Transgender Equality, called the prospect of a retrenchment “outrageous,” and Rob Flaherty, a spokesman for the Human Rights Campaign, called it “a hugely consequential decision.”
Mr. Trump gave conflicting signals during the presidential campaign about where he stood on the transgender question.
He said last April, for instance, that he supported the rights of transgender people to “use the bathroom they feel is appropriate,” and he said that Caitlyn Jenner, perhaps the most famous transgender person in the country, could use whichever bathroom at Trump Tower she wanted.
But when the Obama administration put in place its anti-discrimination policy on transgender students weeks later, Mr. Trump indicated that he thought it had overreached and that the matter was better left to the states than the federal government.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions is widely seen as hostile to gay and transgender rights, and his record on civil rights issues in general came under sharp attack from Democrats during his bruising confirmation fight this month.
Mr. Sessions, pressed at his confirmation hearing about his past votes in the Senate against measures on gay rights protection, pledged that “I understand the demands for justice and fairness made by our L.G.B.T. community. I will ensure that the statutes protecting their civil rights and their safety are fully enforced.”
The Justice Department declined to comment on the issue Tuesday.
The department is eager to move quickly in laying out its legal position on transgender policy to avoid confusion in cases now moving through the courts, according to an administration official speaking on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to discuss the issue publicly.
One filing deadline is coming up this Thursday in the case now before the Supreme Court involving the Virginia transgender boy, Gavin Grimm. He sued the Gloucester County School Board two years ago after the board refused to allow him to use the boys’ bathroom and told him he could use a separate bathroom in a converted janitors closet. The Obama administration had rejected that type of accommodation as unacceptable and discriminatory.
The Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ruled in the boy’s favor in August. The Supreme Court is scheduled to hear oral arguments in the case next month, but Mr. Spicer’s comments at the White House on Tuesday indicated that the federal government would withdraw its support for the boy by the time the Supreme Court considered the case.
In a separate case in Texas, the Justice Department said earlier this month that it was dropping its challenge to a nationwide injunction imposed by a judge that blocked the Obama administration’s guidance to schools last year on allowing transgender students to choose their bathrooms.
The procedural move in the Texas case indicated at least a partial retreat on the issue, but civil rights advocates say they believe that the Trump administration plans to backpedal much more severely by dropping Mr. Obama’s transgender policy for schools entirely.
James Essecks, an American Civil Liberties Union lawyer who is representing Gavin, said that while he was hopeful that the Supreme Court would detail clear legal protections for transgender students, the apparent retreat by the new administration was troubling nonetheless.
“It’s astounding to me that this administration would decide that it’s going to stop standing up for young children in crisis,” he said. “That’s a bad development any way you look at it.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — At one point or another, they each strode the sands of Iraq, fighting on the unforgiving battlefield of America’s costliest war since Vietnam. Now all three will sit around the table in the White House Situation Room, steering a new president through the treacherous crosscurrents of a stormy world.
President Trump’s appointment of H. R. McMaster, an Army lieutenant general, as his new national security adviser creates a powerful troika of senior officers who served in Iraq, teaming him up with Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and John F. Kelly, the secretary of homeland security, both retired four-star Marine generals. This administration is the first to have all three security jobs filled by senior military veterans at the same time.
The ascension of the three generals to political jobs at the National Security Council reflects the rise of a generation of military leaders that came of age during the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq that began after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. Each officer saw up close what a losing war looked like and took away lessons about how to avoid repeating fatal mistakes. Each got to where he is today in part by bucking the military hierarchy.
“This generation of generals lived through some of the struggles, especially in the ’04, ’05, ’06 time frame in Iraq when we weren’t doing things right,” said Senator Tom Cotton, Republican of Arkansas, an Army veteran who served in Iraq. “They understand that security and military force are the pre-eminent requirement, but it’s not sufficient. This generation of generals who grew up in the Iraq war probably understands that more than any previous generation.”
Mr. Cotton was the one who persuaded the White House to consider Mr. McMaster, who became known over the years for questioning orthodox views of the Vietnam and Iraq wars. “Donald Trump is an unconventional president, and I think it fits him well to have someone who for many years colored outside the lines and so many times was proven right,” Mr. Cotton said.
While some critics worry about the prevalence of military officers in political posts, others have welcomed the three generals, hoping that they will serve as a brake on bad ideas. “All three of them showed an independent streak and a talent that is in my view extraordinary, and I’ve known a hell of a lot of them over the years,” Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, said in an interview.
How much any of the three will be able to shape Mr. Trump’s policies remains an open question. When the president considered reinstituting torture for the interrogation of terrorism suspects, Mr. Mattis objected and Mr. Trump backed down, saying he would defer to his defense secretary. But when the White House enacted a temporary ban on refugees and on any visitors from seven predominantly Muslim countries, Mr. Kelly was not fully briefed until late in the process.
Mr. McMaster, 54, will have an office across the West Wing from Mr. Trump, and will see him more than any of the three. He has the least Washington experience of the group, meaning he will have to learn on the job how to balance the various constituencies, including the Pentagon, the State Department, the C.I.A. and Congress. He will also have to get to know a president who, Mr. Cotton said, had never heard of Mr. McMaster just a week ago.
Mr. McMaster will also have to figure out how to handle Stephen K. Bannon, the president’s chief strategist, who was given a seat on the cabinet-level national security principals committee and has played a strong role in foreign policy so far. Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said on Tuesday that Mr. McMaster would have authority to organize the national security team as he sees fit.
But the three generals are not known only for their experiences during war. Mr. McMaster and Mr. Mattis are both thought of as scholar-soldiers. The author of a dissertation examining the failures of the military leadership during Vietnam, Mr. McMaster has lately been running a command charged with rethinking the Army of the future. Mr. Mattis, 66, a student of history, is “just as likely to quote Cicero to you as Clausewitz,” as former Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates put it.
As the head of Southern Command, Mr. Kelly, 66, spent a lot of time thinking about how to protect the southern border and fight drug trafficking beyond traditional combat operations. He also represented the Marines on Capitol Hill, learning the byways of Congress.
“The wars clearly played a role in shaping all three men, and also certainly in shaping their reputations,” said Mr. Gates, who served Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama. But, he added, “These are much broader, deeper people than just their experience in Iraq, and I find that all reassuring.”
The three generals did not all overlap at the same time and place in Iraq. Mr. Mattis and Mr. Kelly grew up together in the Marine Corps, rising to four-star generals in a service that has only a handful of officers at that rank. Mr. Kelly served as assistant commander of the First Marine Division under Mr. Mattis during the initial invasion of Iraq in 2003. Mr. Kelly returned there in 2004 and a third time in 2008, when he was named the top American commander in western Iraq.
While the Marines focused on Anbar Province, Mr. McMaster and the Army’s Third Armored Cavalry Regiment concentrated on Tal Afar to the north, where in 2005 he introduced a new counterinsurgency strategy that bucked the military leadership’s thinking and helped recapture the city. His success was later cited as a model in a counterinsurgency manual that Mr. Mattis had a role in drafting with Gen. David H. Petraeus and that inspired the larger strategy shift that turned the war around in 2007 and 2008.
Mr. McMaster’s approach was not always appreciated by the military brass, however, and he was twice passed over for promotion to brigadier general. Mr. Gates personally intervened by summoning General Petraeus to take over the promotion board and ensure that Mr. McMaster would receive his first star.
Mr. Mattis was not always in concert with superiors, either. He led the first Marines into Afghanistan after Sept. 11, but when he sought to pursue Al Qaeda into the Tora Bora region, he was not given permission, and Osama bin Laden ultimately escaped. In Iraq, where Mr. Mattis’s radio call sign was Chaos, reflecting the havoc he sought to rain down on enemies, Mr. Mattis objected when told to abort an offensive to retake Falluja early in 2004 for what he considered political reasons.
Mr. Kelly is also known for speaking his mind. While leading Southern Command, he talked about the need to rebuild aging facilities at the Guantánamo Bay prison, despite the Obama administration’s official policy that the detention center was about to close. He also called for more Navy ships to conduct counternarcotics patrols despite being repeatedly told to back down.
“He does what he thinks is right, and is anything but politically correct,” said James G. Stavridis, a retired admiral who served as NATO’s top military commander and has known the general since 1979.
If all three share common experiences from the wars of the last 16 years, they were most personally felt by Mr. Kelly. In 2010, his son, Lt. Robert Michael Kelly, was killed when he stepped on a land mine in Afghanistan, making the father the highest-ranking officer to lose a son or daughter in either war.
“They’ll bring a very sober, realistic, practical experience base to the discussions in the Situation Room because they’ve lived it,” said Douglas E. Lute, a retired three-star Army general who was a senior national security aide to Mr. Bush and Mr. Obama.
David W. Barno, another retired lieutenant general and a former commander of American forces in Afghanistan, said the three would take a more thoughtful approach to the use of force. “They’ll bring in some hard-nosed realism of what war looks like,” Mr. Barno said. “It doesn’t mean they shy away from using the military, but they will have a perspective no one else in the White House will have.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court turned down an appeal on Tuesday from an Alabama death row inmate who said the state intended to kill him using chemicals that could cause excruciating pain. As is the court’s custom, the justices in the majority gave no reasons for declining to hear the case.
But Justice Sonia Sotomayor, joined by Justice Stephen G. Breyer, issued an impassioned 18-page dissent. She said the inmate, Thomas D. Arthur, should have been allowed to make the case that one of the chemicals in Alabama’s lethal injection protocol, the sedative midazolam, could contribute to “prolonged torture.”
In 2015, a five-justice majority in a different lethal injection case, Glossip v. Gross, issued what Justice Sotomayor called “a macabre challenge.” (Justices Sotomayor and Breyer were among the four dissenting justices in the case.) The majority said that inmates seeking to challenge a method of execution not only had to prove that it would cause severe pain but also had to propose a “known and available” way to be executed.
Mr. Arthur killed his girlfriend’s husband in 1982. “After 34 years of legal challenges,” Justice Sotomayor wrote, “Arthur has accepted that he will die for his crimes. He now challenges only how  the state will be permitted to kill him.”
Mr. Arthur asked that he be executed by a firing squad, which is, experts say, a quick, painless and seldom botched method of execution.
But the United States Court of Appeals for the 11th Circuit, in Atlanta, ruled that the alternative was not “known and available,” because it was not authorized by Alabama law. That ruling, Justice Sotomayor wrote, was at odds with the Constitution.
“Under this view,” she wrote, “even if a prisoner can prove that the state plans to kill him in an intolerably cruel manner, and even if he can prove that there is a feasible alternative, all a state has to do to execute him through an unconstitutional method is to pass a statute declining to authorize any alternative method. This cannot be right.”
She said she questioned whether the Alabama law in fact barred the use of firing squads, because it authorized “any constitutional method of execution” if either of the two specified methods, lethal injection and electrocution, were declared unconstitutional.
The larger point, she said, was that the appeals court’s decision shut down an important discussion.
“The decision below is all the more troubling because it would put an end to an ongoing national conversation — between the legislatures and the courts — around the methods of execution the Constitution tolerates,” Justice Sotomayor wrote in her dissent in the case, Arthur v. Dunn, No. 16-602.
She added that there is scientific and anecdotal evidence to question the use of midazolam in executions.
“Like a hangman’s poorly tied noose or a malfunctioning electric chair,” Justice Sotomayor wrote, “midazolam might render our latest method of execution too much for our conscience — and the Constitution — to bear.”
“Condemned prisoners, like Arthur, might find more dignity in an instantaneous death rather than prolonged torture on a medical gurney,” she wrote.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — In a case that could further roil relations with Mexico, the Supreme Court considered on Tuesday whether the parents of a 15-year-old Mexican boy killed by an American border guard may sue in United States courts.
The teenager, Sergio Hernández Guereca, was on the Mexican side of the border when the guard, Jesus Mesa Jr., standing about 60 feet away in United States territory, shot him in the head.
A lawyer for the youth’s parents faced two kinds of hurdles at Tuesday’s argument. Even justices sympathetic to the parents appeared to be worried about the implications of a ruling in their favor, which would extend constitutional protections beyond the nation’s borders. And some justices suggested that any solution should come from Congress rather than the courts.
The lawyer, Robert C. Hilliard, said he sought only a narrow ruling. The Constitution applies abroad, he said, only when the challenged conduct starts in the United States, when the killer and the victim are both civilians, when the constitutional right at issue is the right to life, and when the foreign government supports the suit.
Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. said that this test as proposed by Mr. Hilliard was opportunistic rather than principled. “That’s a test that, surprisingly, fits the exact facts of your case,” he said with a note of sarcasm.
The chief justice said a ruling in the parents’ favor could have implications in many areas, including “a drone strike in Iraq where the plane is piloted from Nevada.”
Justice Stephen G. Breyer said the parents had “a very sympathetic case.” But he said it was hard to rule in their favor without considering the decision’s implications for many other cases.
Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. pressed Mr. Hilliard along those lines. “You need to give us a principle that is workable,” Justice Alito said.
Mr. Hilliard responded that there were special problems on the Mexican border.
“The Border Patrol is 44,000 strong along our southwest border,” he said. “We’ve had 10 shootings across the border.”
The case, Hernandez v. Mesa, No. 15-118, started in 2010, with four Mexican boys playing in the dry bed of the Rio Grande that separates El Paso from Juárez, Mexico. The international borderline, unmarked, runs through the middle of the culvert.
The boys dared one another to run up a concrete incline and touch the barbed wire of the American border fence. Mr. Mesa, the border guard, grabbed one of them.
Sergio fled, and he made it back to Mexico before Mr. Mesa shot him.
A  statement issued by the F.B.I. the day after the shooting suggested that Mr. Mesa had been justified in using deadly force because Sergio had thrown rocks at him. But when the Justice Department closed its investigation into the shooting in 2012, it said that “a group of smugglers” had thrown rocks, but it did not accuse Sergio of doing so. Cellphone videos appear to show that he was trying to run and hide.
The Mexican authorities charged Mr. Mesa with murder. But the United States has refused to extradite him. The Justice Department declined to prosecute Mr. Mesa, and it said he had not violated government policies concerning the use of force.
At the argument on Tuesday, Justice Breyer suggested a way to rule for Sergio’s parents based on the court’s 2008 decision in Boumediene v. Bush, concerning people detained at the military prison in Guantánamo Bay, Cuba. That decision allowed detainees to invoke the Constitution based on the United States’ practical control over the naval base there.
The culvert where Sergio was shot could be said to be a similar kind of place, Justice Breyer said. It “is a joint effort of Mexico and the United States,” he said. “So this is not just like a fence. It is an area of two fences, and between those two areas is joint exercise of border maintenance authority.”
Justice Breyer added that both Mexican and American children played in the culvert.
“The dividing line isn’t even marked on the ground,” Justice Elena Kagan said. “You can’t tell on the ground where Mexico ends and the United States begins.”
Randolph J. Ortega, a lawyer for Mr. Mesa, said borders mattered. “Wars have been fought to establish borders,” he said. “The border is very real.”
But Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said it was odd that a Mexican boy killed on the American side of the border would have rights while one killed just feet away across the border would not.
“That doesn’t make a whole lot of sense, does it, to distinguish those two victims?” she asked.
As the argument progressed, it seemed clear that the court’s four more liberal justices were inclined to vote to allow the parents to sue. But it was less certain that they could capture the crucial fifth vote of Justice Anthony M. Kennedy, who did not seem to think the question was for the courts to decide.
“You’ve indicated that there’s a problem all along the border,” Justice Kennedy told Mr. Hilliard. “Why doesn’t that counsel us that this is one of the most sensitive areas of foreign affairs where the political branches should discuss with Mexico what the solution ought to be?”
Edwin S. Kneedler, a lawyer for the federal government, agreed. “You have a cross-border incident which necessarily gives rise to foreign relations problems, which are committed to the political branches,” he said.
Mexico filed a brief supporting the parents in the case, suggesting that the foreign relations problem in allowing the case to proceed was not obvious. But Justice Alito said the court’s ruling could offend Mexico.
“What would the government of Mexico say if we wrote an opinion that says because the United States spent a lot of money to pave this culvert, we think that the United States’ authority with respect to the culvert is basically the same as the authority that we have in Guantánamo?” Justice Alito asked.
Mr. Kneedler said, “I think the Mexican government would be very offended by it.”
Justice Kagan said the Supreme Court was capable of avoiding that problem. “I’m sure it wouldn’t have to be written that way,” she said, drawing laughter.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump has directed his administration to enforce the nation’s immigration laws more aggressively, unleashing the full force of the federal government to find, arrest and deport those in the country illegally, regardless of whether they have committed serious crimes.
Documents released on Tuesday by the Department of Homeland Security revealed the broad scope of the president’s ambitions: to publicize crimes by undocumented immigrants; strip such immigrants of privacy protections; enlist local police officers as enforcers; erect new detention facilities; discourage asylum seekers; and, ultimately, speed up deportations.
The new enforcement policies put into practice language that Mr. Trump used on the campaign trail, vastly expanding the definition of “criminal aliens” and warning that such unauthorized immigrants “routinely victimize Americans,” disregard the “rule of law and pose a threat” to people in communities across the United States.
Despite those assertions in the new documents, research shows lower levels of crime among immigrants than among native-born Americans.
The president’s new immigration policies are likely to be welcomed by some law enforcement officials around the country, who have called for a tougher crackdown on unauthorized immigrants, and by some Republicans in Congress who have argued that lax enforcement encourages a never-ending flow of unauthorized immigrants.
But taken together, the new policies are a rejection of the sometimes more restrained efforts by former Presidents Barack Obama and George W. Bush and their predecessors, who sought to balance protecting the nation’s borders with fiscal, logistical and humanitarian limits on the exercise of laws passed by Congress.
“The faithful execution of our immigration laws is best achieved by using all these statutory authorities to the greatest extent practicable,” John F. Kelly, the secretary of homeland security, wrote in one of two memorandums released on Tuesday. “Accordingly, department personnel shall make full use of these authorities.”
The immediate impact of that shift is not yet fully known. Advocates for immigrants warned on Tuesday that the new border control and enforcement directives would create an atmosphere of fear that was likely to drive those in the country illegally deeper into the shadows.
Administration officials said some of the new policies — like one seeking to send unauthorized border crossers from Central America to Mexico while they await deportation hearings — could take months to put in effect and might be limited in scope.
For now, so-called Dreamers, who were brought to the United States as young children, will not be targeted unless they commit crimes, officials said on Tuesday.
Mr. Trump has not yet said where he will get the billions of dollars needed to pay for thousands of new border control agents, a network of detention facilities to detain unauthorized immigrants and a wall along the entire southern border with Mexico.
But politically, Mr. Kelly’s actions on Tuesday serve to reinforce the president’s standing among a core constituency — those who blame unauthorized immigrants for taking jobs away from citizens, committing heinous crimes and being a financial burden on federal, state and local governments.
And because of the changes, millions of immigrants in the country illegally now face a far greater likelihood of being discovered, arrested and eventually deported.
“The message is: The immigration law is back in business,” said Mark Krikorian, the executive director of the Center for Immigration Studies, which supports restricted immigration. “That violating immigration law is no longer a secondary offense.”
Lawyers and advocates for immigrants said the new policies could still be challenged in court. Maricopa County in Arizona spent years defending its sheriff at the time, Joseph Arpaio, in federal court, where he was found to have discriminated against Latinos.
And courts in Illinois, Oregon, Pennsylvania and several other states have rejected the power given to local and state law enforcement officers to hold immigrants for up to 48 hours beyond their scheduled release from detention at the request of federal authorities under a program known as Secure Communities, which Mr. Trump is reviving.
“When you tell state and local police that their job is to do immigration enforcement,” said Omar Jadwat, director of the American Civil Liberties Union’s Immigrants’ Rights Project, “it translates into the unwarranted and illegal targeting of people because of their race, because of their language, because of the color of their skin.”
Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said on Tuesday that the president wanted to “take the shackles off” of the nation’s immigration enforcers. He insisted that the new policies made it clear that “the No. 1 priority is that people who pose a threat to our country are immediately dealt with.”
In fact, that was already the policy under the Obama administration, which instructed agents that undocumented immigrants convicted of serious crimes were the priority for deportation. Now, enforcement officials have been directed to seek the deportation of anyone in the country illegally.
“Under this executive order, ICE will not exempt classes or categories of removal aliens from potential enforcement,” a fact sheet released by the Department of Homeland Security said, using the acronym for Immigration and Customs Enforcement. “All of those present in violation of the immigration laws may be subject to immigration arrest, detention, and, if found removable by final order, removal from the United States.”
That includes people convicted of fraud in any official matter before a governmental agency and people who “have abused any program related to receipt of public benefits.”
The policy also expands a program that lets officials bypass due process protections such as court hearings in some deportation cases.
Under the Obama administration, the program, known as “expedited removal,” was used only when an immigrant was arrested within 100 miles of the border and had been in the country no more than 14 days. Now it will include all those who have been in the country for up to two years, no matter where they are caught.
“The administration seems to be putting its foot down as far as the gas pedal will go,” said Heidi Altman, policy director for the National Immigrant Justice Center, a Chicago-based group that offers legal services to immigrants.
In the documents released on Tuesday, the Department of Homeland Security is directed to begin the process of hiring 10,000 immigration and customs agents, expanding the number of detention facilities and creating an office within Immigration and Customs Enforcement to help families of those killed by undocumented immigrants.
The directives would also revive a program that recruits local police officers and sheriff’s deputies to help with deportation, effectively making them de facto immigration agents. The effort, called the 287(g) program, was scaled back during the Obama administration.
The program faces resistance from many states and dozens of so-called sanctuary cities, which have refused to allow their law enforcement workers to help round up undocumented individuals. In New York, Mayor Bill de Blasio in a statement on Tuesday pledged the city’s cooperation in cases involving “proven public safety threats,” but vowed that “what we will not do is turn our N.Y.P.D. officers into immigration agents.”
Under the new directives, the agency would no longer provide privacy protections to people who are not American citizens or green card holders. A policy established in the last days of the Bush administration in January 2009 provided some legal protection for information collected by the Department of Homeland Security on nonresidents.
The new policies also target unauthorized immigrants who smuggle their children into the country, as happened with Central American children seeking to reunite with parents living in the United States. Under the new directives, such parents could face deportation or prosecution for smuggling or human trafficking.
Officials said that returning Central American refugees to Mexico to await hearings would be done only in a limited fashion, and only after discussions with the government of Mexico.
Mexican officials said on Tuesday that such a move could violate Mexican law and international accords governing repatriation, and immigrants’ advocates questioned Mexico’s ability to absorb thousands of Central Americans in detention centers and shelters.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump said on Tuesday that the rise of anti-Semitism in the United States since his inauguration was “horrible” and “painful,” reacting publicly for the first time to mounting threats targeting Jewish people and institutions after he drew criticism for being slow to condemn them.
During a visit to the National Museum of African-American History and Culture, Mr. Trump said he was reminded of the need to combat hatred “in all of its very ugly forms.” He spoke one day after 11 bomb threats were phoned in to Jewish community centers around the country and a Jewish cemetery in University City, Mo., was vandalized.
“The anti-Semitic threats targeting our Jewish community and community centers are horrible, and are painful, and a very sad reminder of the work that still must be done to root out hate and prejudice and evil,” Mr. Trump said.
The statement came after weeks of private complaints from leaders of major Jewish organizations to members of Mr. Trump’s inner circle, including his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, about the president’s seeming unwillingness to speak out forcefully against anti-Semitic acts. His failure to do so stoked concern among some Jewish leaders that Mr. Trump, whose presidential campaign drew the support of racist and anti-Semitic groups including the Ku Klux Klan, was at best willing to stay silent about such actions and at worst quietly condoning them.
Mr. Trump’s comment on Tuesday was a rare concession to the demands of outside forces by a president who prides himself on standing his ground. Despite the questions that arose during his campaign, Mr. Trump has never proactively delivered a statement condemning anti-Semitism.
“The president’s sudden acknowledgment of anti-Semitism is a Band-Aid on the cancer of anti-Semitism that has infected his own administration,” said Steven Goldstein, the executive director of the Anne Frank Center for Mutual Respect. “When President Trump responds to anti-Semitism proactively and in real time, and without pleas and pressure, that’s when we’ll be able to say this president has turned a corner.”
He added, “This is not that moment.”
The White House was criticized by Jewish groups last month when it issued a statement honoring International Holocaust Remembrance Day that did not mention the six million Jews who perished, instead broadly mentioning “the depravity and horror inflicted on innocent people by Nazi terror” and “those who died.” Pressed on the matter, Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, defended the statement as “inclusive” of all of those targeted during the Holocaust, including Gypsies, priests and gay people, and he called the criticism “pathetic.”
Concern mounted among Jewish leaders after a news conference last week at which Mr. Trump reacted angrily to a question about his response to the increasing number of anti-Semitic acts around the nation. The president called the query insulting and demanded that the questioner, who works for a Jewish publication, sit down. The Anti-Defamation League called the president’s reaction “mind-boggling.”
Mr. Trump, who was criticized during his campaign for being slow or halfhearted in condemning hate speech, has been particularly stung by accusations that he is anti-Semitic or that he has nurtured the rise of such sentiments. Such accusations have been leveled against both the president and his chief strategist, Stephen K. Bannon, a former chairman of Breitbart News, a website that has cultivated a white nationalist following.
The president’s daughter Ivanka Trump, who converted to Judaism to marry Mr. Kushner, an observant Jew, wrote in a Twitter post on Monday: “America is a nation built on the principle of religious tolerance. We must protect our houses of worship & religious centers. #JCC.” JCC is the abbreviation for Jewish community centers.
Morton A. Klein, the president of the Zionist Organization of America and a strong supporter of Mr. Trump, said, “One of the issues here is that President Trump and Steve Bannon are very upset and very frustrated that so many Jewish organizational leaders have accused them of being anti-Semitic, which is very unfair and simply inaccurate.”
Mr. Klein added, though, that “President Trump needed to, himself — not through a statement by his daughter that didn’t even mention anti-Semitism — speak up against this kind of hatred and urge law enforcement to do all they can to find these perpetrators and hold them accountable.”
The president’s slow response, he argued, may have been in part because Mr. Trump “wants to make these decisions on his own and not feel like he’s being told what to do.”
The proliferation of anti-Semitic acts in the United States and the president’s failure to address them publicly were frequent topics of conversation in Jerusalem over the weekend, where the leaders of American Jewish groups gathered for meetings, according to attendees who described the private discussions on the condition of anonymity.
On Tuesday, several organizations issued statements praising Mr. Trump’s comments.
“We appreciate that President Trump spoke directly to this matter,” said Nathan J. Diament, the executive director for public policy at the Union of Orthodox Jewish Congregations of America. “The words of a president of the United States carry great weight, and it is important that Mr. Trump addressed the American Jewish community and all our fellow Americans at this time.”
Still, some leaders said they wished Mr. Trump had made a personal call for his administration to find and prosecute perpetrators of the recent anti-Jewish threats. The Simon Wiesenthal Center urged Mr. Trump to present a plan for combating anti-Semitism and called on Attorney General Jeff Sessions to form a task force on the matter.
Mark Potok, a senior fellow at the Southern Poverty Law Center, which tracks anti-Semitic activities, said the wave of threats was “really worrying,” especially because of the “tendency on the part of this administration to completely overlook terrorism and political violence from the domestic radical right.”
Mr. Potok also welcomed Mr. Trump’s comments, but he criticized them as tardy.
“It’s very nice that President Trump opposes these crimes,” Mr. Potok said. “It might have been helpful if he had done so months or even years earlier.”
Mr. Spicer complained on Tuesday that Mr. Trump was being treated unfairly. “It’s ironic that, no matter how many times he talks about this, that it’s never good enough,” he said at a briefing with reporters. He declined to respond to a shouted question about whether Mr. Trump would ask the Justice Department to prosecute those responsible for the anti-Semitic acts.
Mr. Trump has mentioned his Jewish grandchildren and daughter when questioned about his commitment to combating anti-Semitism.
Yet defenses of Judaism that do not involve fealty to Israel have proved tougher for a man raised in New York, a city heavily populated with Jews.
In an interview with Jake Tapper of CNN at the end of February 2016, soon after Mr. Trump won the South Carolina primary, Mr. Trump demurred when pressed repeatedly about the support offered to him by David Duke, a former Ku Klux Klan leader. “Honestly, I don’t know David Duke,” Mr. Trump said at the time.
Asked by reporters days later why he would not simply disavow Mr. Duke, Mr. Trump shrugged and said, “I disavow, O.K.?”



ARTICLE
FAIRVIEW, Tenn. — Representative Marsha Blackburn may have expected to draw a friendly crowd by scheduling a town hall-style meeting in a Tennessee community that had voted overwhelmingly for President Trump, but she instead faced a hurricane-strength blast of disapproval on Tuesday.
Ms. Blackburn, an eight-term Republican, was sharply questioned about a wide range of issues that have unsettled Mr. Trump’s first month in office, including health care, the environment, education and the president’s links to Russia.
At many moments, her replies elicited boos or shouts to “tell the truth.”
“We’re not stupid; you have to do better,” Renee Armand said at one point, interrupting Ms. Blackburn as she was defending the new education secretary, Betsy DeVos, for bringing “a true love of education reform.”
Ms. Blackburn, who represents a safe Republican seat west of Nashville, was among the latest wave of Washington lawmakers to face angry constituents in what, inevitably but perhaps prematurely, has been called a progressive echo of the Tea Party anger that boiled over in town halls eight years ago.
During the first weeklong recess of the new Congress, many Republicans have chosen not to hold events at all, wary of protests that might greet them.
Others gamely faced the music, including Representative Dennis A. Ross of Florida and Senator Charles E. Grassley of Iowa, who faced largely hostile audiences on Tuesday in districts that, like Ms. Blackburn’s, had strongly endorsed Mr. Trump at the polls.
At one point, Mr. Grassley, a long-serving senator, was offered a gift from a 62-year-old Democratic pig farmer named Chris Petersen: a bottle of Tums.
“You’re going to need them in the next few years,” Mr. Petersen told the senator, drawing laughter from a crowd packed into a room at a firehouse in Iowa Falls, north of Des Moines.
Mr. Grassley later quipped that “the only time I need Tums is when I have chocolate ice cream before I go to bed.”
Anxious and agitated constituents of Mr. Grassley’s clapped and yelled out in frustration in a rural county that voted overwhelmingly for Mr. Trump.
Mr. Petersen, the vice chairman of the Iowa Democratic Party’s Rural Caucus, gave a stern warning about the repeal of the Affordable Care Act.
“With all due respect, sir, you’re the man that talked about the death panels,” Mr. Petersen said. “We’re going to create one great big death panel in this country.”
Republicans have accused the protesters who have roiled town hall-style meetings of not representing a true grass-roots outpouring but instead being an AstroTurf movement paid by shadowy groups.
Mr. Trump added his own voice to the criticism on Tuesday.
The forums have faced threats of violence, prompting some lawmakers, citing security concerns, to cancel events after being briefed by law enforcement.
But Mr. Grassley suggested the crowds were no less bona fide than the more friendly ones he usually gets when he makes his annual tour of all 99 Iowa counties.
“I want to make clear it’s all legitimate,” he told reporters after his second meeting of the day, in Garner, Iowa. “If Hillary Clinton had been elected president, there’d be people from the conservative end of the spectrum to probably be doing the same thing.”
Mr. Ross, one of the most conservative members of Congress and an enthusiastic defender of Mr. Trump’s, was called a liar by participants in his town hall in Clermont, Fla., about 20 miles west of Orlando. They held signs reading “Disagree,” “Nyet My President” and “No Pipeline.”
Elected in 2010 as part of the Tea Party wave that challenged the political establishment and fought to repeal the Affordable Care Act, Mr. Ross has embraced Mr. Trump’s agenda, including securing the nation’s borders.
A few supporters of Mr. Ross’s walked out of his meeting, saying they were upset that the congressman was unable to talk without catcalls.
One protester tried to reason with the passionate crowd, urging people to let Mr. Ross speak and adding that if they were angry, the correct response was to vote.
“But in the meantime, let him talk so we can hold him accountable,” she added.
“This is democracy in action,” Mr. Ross said at one point. “There are a lot of people who want to participate in the dialogue. I only ask that you give them that respect and civility.”
But most of the people in the crowd wanted to be heard, loud and clear, on a litany of issues. One woman said she could not understand how Mr. Ross could oppose the presence of undocumented immigrants, given that the district was dependent on agriculture. “It’s so detrimental to our identity as a state and to the economy,” she said before disappearing into the crowd.
Back in Tennessee, a number of those facing Ms. Blackburn were rallied by the local branch of Indivisible, a national movement started by Democratic activists. The group had held two meetings to discuss which issues to raise.
One of the organizers, Elizabeth TeSelle, a university administrator, disavowed the Tea Party comparison. She said Indivisible supporters were not seeking to push moderate Democrats further to the left, or to oust them by running more extreme candidates against them in primaries. “My concern is what the Tea Party ended up spawning was Trump,” Ms. TeSelle said.
Ms. Blackburn, one of Mr. Trump’s high-profile supporters in the House of Representatives during last year’s campaign, defended him on nearly every issue raised by critics.
One man called Stephen K. Bannon, the president’s chief strategist, “a notorious white nationalist.” Ms. Blackburn replied, “My interactions with him have all been fine.”
A high school senior, Taylor Ayres, asked how she could support Ms. DeVos, “someone who doesn’t have real knowledge in the education field.” Ms. Blackburn said coolly, “She is going to do a fine job.”
Bruce Sullivan asked why Republicans had no real replacement for the Affordable Care Act after seven years. Ms. Blackburn referred him to a C-Span video from 2010 in which she and other Republicans had met with President Barack Obama to seek a bipartisan program.
“I appreciate that,” Mr. Sullivan said, a hint of sarcasm in his voice. “You are showing us you have been in Washington too long.”
At least one lawmaker, Senator Bill Cassidy of Louisiana, had a quieter day. Appearing before a few hundred residents in a high school cafeteria in Denham Springs, La., after the students had spilled out into a warm afternoon, Mr. Cassidy, a Republican, spoke to anxious residents mostly about their more pressing concern: flood relief.
Their parish, Livingston, had received more than 25 inches of rain in three days during a catastrophic flood in August, overwhelming the rivers and devastating the city. Protesters said they had steered clear of Mr. Cassidy’s forum out of respect for the flood victims.
As Mr. Cassidy answered queries submitted on slips of paper, a woman asked if he would take questions from the floor, saying she worried they had been screened.
As if to prove that they were not, Mr. Cassidy read aloud a question about Mr. Trump’s tax returns, eliciting applause and cheers from many of those assembled.
“Looks like we have some folks who don’t like Donald Trump,” he said to more cheers. “A lot of us do.”



ARTICLE
Ivanka Trump, President Trump’s oldest daughter and a convert to Judaism, issued a statement over Twitter on Monday calling for “religious tolerance” after a new wave of threats against Jewish community centers around the country.
The tweet was Ms. Trump’s most vocal foray into a public discussion and was made over an issue her allies say she feels personally.
The message was posted after Ms. Trump wrote, and then deleted, an earlier one moments beforehand.
Ms. Trump converted to Judaism before marrying her husband, Jared Kushner, an Orthodox Jew, putting her in a position to be a prominent voice at a moment when a number of anti-Semitic episodes have taken place around the country. Her previous substantive effort in the White House involved convening a women’s business council, an event she helped create, when the Canadian prime minister, Justin Trudeau, visited the president.
On Monday, 11 bomb scares were called into Jewish community centers around the country. They were the latest in a string of such threats since the start of the year.
“Since the beginning of this year, we’ve seen four waves of these threats — we’ve never seen that before,” said David Posner, the director of strategic performance at the JCC Association of North America. Just one community center reported such a threat in all of 2016, he said.
The centers threatened on Monday were in Albuquerque; Birmingham, Ala.; Buffalo; Chicago; Cleveland; Houston; Milwaukee; Nashville; St. Paul; Tampa, Fla.; and Tulsa, Okla. Like the earlier threats, they were deemed hoaxes, but not before several of the centers were evacuated as a precaution.
Mr. Trump has been criticized as slow to condemn anti-Semitic comments, and his candidacy was hailed by white nationalists and white supremacists throughout 2016.
On Thursday, at his first lengthy news conference alone as president, Mr. Trump was asked by a reporter for a Jewish magazine how the government plans to respond to the increase in such anti-Semitic incidents. The president responded angrily, saying the question was “insulting” and that he was the “least anti-Semitic person in the world.”
In addition to Ms. Trump’s statement, the Trump administration addressed the issue more directly on Monday.
“Hatred and hate-motivated violence of any kind have no place in a country founded on the promise of individual freedom,” Lindsay Walters, the White House deputy press secretary, said in a statement. “The president has made it abundantly clear that these actions are unacceptable.”
On Tuesday, Hillary Clinton urged everyone, including President Trump, to speak out against the attacks.
Also on Monday, the police in University City, Mo., near St. Louis, were investigating vandalism at the Chesed Shel Emeth Cemetery where 170 to 200 headstones were toppled, according to its executive director, Anita Feigenbaum.
“I just am quite shocked — it affects so many people, so many families, so many generations,” Ms. Feigenbaum said.
The headstones are in the cemetery’s oldest section, with many of the plots dating from the late 1800’s to mid-1900’s, she said. The damage was done sometime between Friday night and Monday morning.
Many cemeteries have sustained vandalism, and the police have not said whether they believed the episode in University City was motivated by anti-Semitism. Even so, Gov. Eric Greitens said on Twitter that he was “disgusted to hear about the senseless act of desecration,” issuing the kind of condemnation that Jonathan A. Greenblatt, the chief executive of the Anti-Defamation League, had urged of all politicians.
“We look to our political leaders at all levels to speak out against such threats directed against Jewish institutions, to make it clear that such actions are unacceptable,” he said in a statement about the bomb threats.
In late January, an F.B.I. official said the bureau and the Justice Department’s Civil Rights Division were investigating “possible civil rights violations in connection with threats” to the Jewish centers.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — For months, President Trump and his aides have insisted that they had no contact with Russian officials during the presidential campaign, a denial Mr. Trump repeated last week.
“I have nothing to do with Russia,” he told reporters on Thursday. “To the best of my knowledge, no person that I deal with does.”
The denial stands at odds with statements by Russian officials, who have at least twice acknowledged contacts with aides to Mr. Trump before the election.
It is not uncommon for a presidential campaign to speak to foreign officials, which makes the dispute particularly unusual. At the same time, any contacts would have taken place during a period when American intelligence agencies believe the Russian government was trying to disrupt the election with a campaign of computer hacking.
The dispute began two days after the Nov. 8 election, when Sergei A. Ryabkov, the Russian deputy foreign minister, said his  government had maintained contacts with members of Mr. Trump’s “immediate entourage” during the campaign.
“I cannot say that all, but a number of them maintained contacts with Russian representatives,” Mr. Ryabkov said during an interview with the Interfax news agency.
Mr. Ryabkov’s comments were met with a swift denial from Hope Hicks, a spokeswoman for Mr. Trump and now a member of the White House press team.
More recently, Russia’s ambassador to Washington, Sergey I. Kislyak, told The Washington Post that he had communicated frequently during the campaign with Michael T. Flynn, a close campaign adviser to Mr. Trump who became the president’s national security adviser before resigning  from the position last week.
“It’s something all diplomats do,” The Post quoted Mr. Kislyak as saying, though he refused to say what subjects they discussed.
Mr. Trump and his aides denied any contacts occurred during the campaign.
“This is a nonstory because to the best of our knowledge, no contacts took place, so it’s hard to make a comment on something that never happened,” Sarah Huckabee Sanders, a White House spokeswoman, said on Monday.
The Russian government did not respond to a message over the weekend seeking comment.
Separately, The New York Times and other news outlets reported last week that Trump campaign advisers and other associates of Mr. Trump’s had repeated contacts last year with Russian intelligence officials. Those reports, citing anonymous current and former American government officials, were vigorously denied by the White House.
On Thursday, Mr. Trump made clear his annoyance when questioned about contacts with Russia.
“How many times do I have to answer this question? Russia is a ruse. I have nothing to do with Russia,” he said during a White House news conference.
The president also lashed out at “illegal” leaks for bringing down Mr. Flynn, who the White House has acknowledged had multiple conversations after the election — in late December — with Mr. Kislyak about sanctions that were being imposed by the Obama administration.
Under ordinary circumstances, few in Washington would blink at the statements by Mr. Ryabkov or Mr. Kislyak. It is common for foreign governments to reach out to American presidential candidates, and many foreign diplomats believe it is part of their job to get to know people who may soon be crucial to maintaining alliances or repairing broken relationships.
“They want to better understand policy views of a particular candidate so they can perhaps make their case for certain policies,” said Derek Chollet, who was part of the Obama transition in 2008 and then served in senior roles at the State Department, the White House and the Pentagon.
Mostly, though, “it’s about relationship building — they want to get to know the people who are possibly going to be in important jobs,” he added.
The closest contacts between campaigns and foreign officials tend to be with allies. The Australian Embassy said it was in contact with the Trump and Clinton campaigns, and British officials said they had extensive contacts with the president’s top aides in the months before the election.
Contacts with potential adversaries, such as Russia, are also not unusual, but they are more complicated. Michael McFaul, who advised the Obama campaign in 2008 and later served as United States ambassador to Russia, said that he traveled to Moscow during the presidential race that year and that “everyone in Moscow knew that I was advising the campaign.”
The American Embassy even hosted a lunch for him with Russian officials. But “I was not there to discuss Obama policy but to better inform my views on Russian attitudes about U.S.-Russia relations,” Mr. McFaul said.
He said that during the transition, Russian officials wanted to talk about policy issues, but the Obama administration officials refused — in keeping with the tradition that there should be only “one president at a time.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump turned the power of the White House against the news media on Friday, escalating his attacks on journalists as “the enemy of the people” and berating members of his own F.B.I. as “leakers” who he said were putting the nation at risk.
In a speech to the Conservative Political Action Conference, Mr. Trump criticized as “fake news” organizations that publish anonymously sourced reports that reflect poorly on him. And in a series of Twitter posts, he assailed the F.B.I. as a dangerously porous agency, condemning unauthorized revelations of classified information from within its ranks and calling for an immediate hunt for leakers.
Hours after the speech, as if to demonstrate Mr. Trump’s determination to punish reporters whose coverage he dislikes, Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, barred journalists from The New York Times and several other news organizations from attending his daily briefing, a highly unusual breach of relations between the White House and its press corps.
Mr. Trump’s barrage against the news media continued well into Friday night. “FAKE NEWS media knowingly doesn’t tell the truth,” he wrote on Twitter shortly after 10 p.m., singling out The Times and CNN. “A great danger to our country.”
The moves underscored the degree to which Mr. Trump and members of his inner circle are eager to use the prerogatives of the presidency to undercut those who scrutinize him, dismissing negative stories as lies and confining press access at the White House to a few chosen news organizations considered friendly. The Trump White House has also vowed new efforts to punish leakers.
Mr. Trump’s attacks on the press came as the White House pushed back on a  report by CNN on Thursday night that a White House official had asked the F.B.I. to rebut a New York Times article last week detailing contacts between Mr. Trump’s associates and Russian intelligence officials. The report asserted that a senior White House official had called top leaders at the F.B.I. to request that they contact reporters to dispute the Times’s account.
“The fake news doesn’t tell the truth,” Mr. Trump said to the delight of the conservatives packed into the main ballroom at the Gaylord National Resort and Convention Center just south of Washington. “It doesn’t represent the people, it doesn’t and never will represent the people, and we’re going to do something about it.”
In the West Wing less than three hours later, the consequences were becoming clear. Mr. Spicer told a handpicked group of reporters in a briefing in his spacious office that the White House would relentlessly counter coverage it considered inaccurate.
“We’re going to aggressively push back,” he said, according to a recording of the session provided by a reporter who was allowed to attend. “We’re just not going to sit back and let, you know, false narratives, false stories, inaccurate facts get out there.”
Reporters from The Times, BuzzFeed News, CNN, The Los Angeles Times, Politico, the BBC and The Huffington Post were among those shut out of the briefing. Aides to Mr. Spicer admitted only reporters from a group of news organizations that, the White House said, had been previously confirmed.
Those organizations included Breitbart News, the One America News Network and The Washington Times, all with conservative leanings. Journalists from ABC, CBS, The Wall Street Journal, Bloomberg and Fox News also attended.
Reporters from The Associated Press and Time magazine, who were set to be allowed in, chose not to attend the briefing in protest of the White House’s actions. The Washington Post did not send a reporter to the session.
“Nothing like this has ever happened at the White House in our long history of covering multiple administrations of different parties,” Dean Baquet, the executive editor of The Times, said in a statement. “We strongly protest the exclusion of The New York Times and the other news organizations. Free media access to a transparent government is obviously of crucial national interest.”
Marty Baron, the Post’s editor, called Mr. Spicer’s decision to exclude some news organizations from a scheduled briefing “appalling.”
“This is an undemocratic path that the administration is traveling,” Mr. Baron said. “There is nothing to be gained from the White House restricting the public’s access to information.”
The White House played down the drama surrounding Friday’s briefing.
“We invited the pool, so everyone was represented,” Sarah Huckabee Sanders, the deputy White House press secretary, said in an email Friday afternoon, referring to the small group of reporters on hand at the White House each day to follow the president and send reports to the broader press corps. “We decided to add a couple of additional people beyond the pool. Nothing more than that.”
The White House Correspondents’ Association, which represents the press corps, also protested the decision. But Jeff Mason, the organization’s president, pointed out that the White House had provided near-daily briefings and accepted questions from a variety of news outlets since Mr. Trump took office.
“We’re not happy with how things went today,” Mr. Mason said in an interview. “But it’s important to keep in mind the context of how things have gone up until now.” He added: “I don’t think that people should rush to judgment to suggest that this is the start of a big crackdown on media access.”
Still, the Committee to Protect Journalists, which typically advocates press rights in countries with despotic regimes, issued an alarmed statement on Friday about Mr. Trump’s escalating language.
“It is not the job of political leaders to determine how journalists should conduct their work, and sets a terrible example for the rest of the world,” said the group’s executive director, Joel Simon. “The U.S. should be promoting press freedom and access to information.”
Mr. Trump, in his attack on the news media at the conservative gathering, complained at length about the use of anonymous sources in news stories, charging that some reporters were fabricating unnamed sources to level unfair charges against him.
“They shouldn’t be allowed to use sources unless they use somebody’s name,” Mr. Trump said. “Let their name be put out there.”
At another point, he said, “A few days ago, I called the fake news the enemy of the people because they have no sources — they just make it up.” He added that his “enemy of the people” label applied only to “dishonest” reporters and editors.
Those comments came shortly after his own aides had held a briefing for the White House press pool on the condition of anonymity to deny CNN’s story suggesting there had been improper contact between the White House and the F.B.I. regarding the Times article on Russian contacts.
Later, in the briefing from which the Times was excluded, Mr. Spicer said that it was top F.B.I. officials — first Andrew G. McCabe, the deputy director, and later James B. Comey, the director — who approached Reince Priebus, the White House chief of staff, the day after the article appeared to say that it was false.
Mr. Priebus then asked the two F.B.I. officials what they could do to rebut it publicly. They apologized and said they were unable to issue a statement or otherwise comment on the matter, Mr. Spicer said.
“They came to us and said the story is not true. We said, ‘Great, could you tell people that?’” Mr. Spicer said, describing the discussions between Mr. Priebus and F.B.I. officials.
The F.B.I. on Friday declined to provide its account of those conversations. On Thursday night an F.B.I. official said that the White House had asked last week for the bureau’s help disputing the article, and that senior F.B.I. officials had rejected the request, citing the investigation into Russian efforts to affect the election.
The article reported that current and former American officials said that phone records and intercepted calls showed that members of Mr.  Trump’s 2016 presidential campaign and other Trump associates had repeated contacts with senior Russian intelligence officials in the year before the election. The intercepts alarmed American intelligence and law enforcement agencies, in part because of the amount of contact that was occurring while Mr. Trump was speaking glowingly about the Russian president, Vladimir V. Putin.
Last week the White House declined to comment on the Times article and referred reporters back to Mr. Spicer’s previous assertions that Mr. Trump’s campaign had no contact with the Russian government.
Mr. Baquet said on Friday that The Times “had numerous sources confirming this story.”
“Attacking it does not make it less true,” Mr. Baquet added.
Mr. Spicer’s small-group Friday session, known as a gaggle, was scheduled as an off-camera event, less formal than his usual briefings that are carried live on cable news. But past administrations have not selected outlets that can attend such sessions.
Representatives of the barred news organizations made clear that they believed the White House’s actions were punitive.
“Apparently this is how they retaliate when you report facts they don’t like,” CNN said in a statement.
Tensions always emerge between an administration and the reporters who cover it, and it is not unusual for a White House to single out groups of journalists for special briefings outside of the daily on-camera question-and-answer session. The Obama White House was harshly criticized by members of the press corps after it tried to exclude Fox News from interviews with top administration officials.
But press relations in the Trump White House have taken on a tinderbox dynamic, with journalists and press aides highly suspicious of each other’s motives.
“The grass is dry on both sides,” said Ari Fleischer, who was press secretary to George W. Bush, “so it only takes a very small match to light it on fire.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump on Friday assailed the F.B.I. as a dangerously porous agency, charging that leaks of classified information from within its ranks were putting the country at risk — and calling for an immediate hunt for the leakers.
Mr. Trump’s complaints were his latest attacks on his own government’s law enforcement and intelligence agencies, which he has characterized as misguided, irresponsible and politically motivated. The criticisms appeared to be a response to a news report Thursday night indicating that a White House official had asked the F.B.I. to rebut an article detailing contacts between Mr. Trump’s associates and Russian intelligence officials.
The report on Thursday night by CNN asserted that a White House official had called top leaders at the F.B.I. to request that they contact reporters to dispute the account, which appeared last week in The New York Times. Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, told reporters on Friday morning that the CNN report was “indefensible and inaccurate,” and he has also called the Times article untrue.
But on Friday morning, Mr. Trump’s focus was on which members of his administration were sharing unflattering information about him with reporters, and his desire to find the perpetrators.
Mr. Spicer argued on Friday that CNN had misreported a series of exchanges between Reince Priebus, the White House chief of staff, and leaders of the F.B.I. in the wake of the Times report.
At a briefing conducted on the condition of anonymity for the White House press pool, senior administration officials said it was top F.B.I. officials — first Andrew G. McCabe, the deputy director, and later James B. Comey, the director — who approached Mr. Priebus the day after the article appeared to say that it was false.
Mr. Priebus, according to the White House officials, then asked the men what they could do to rebut it publicly. They apologized and said they were unable to issue a statement or otherwise comment on the matter, according to the White House briefing.
At one point, the White House officials said, Mr. Priebus asked Mr. McCabe if he could say publicly that “senior intelligence officials” had informed him that the Times article was inaccurate, and he was told that he could. Mr. Priebus did that in an interview on Sunday.
The F.B.I. on Friday declined to provide its account of those conversations and declined to comment on Mr. Trump’s Twitter statements.
The executive editor of The Times, Dean Baquet, said on Friday that “The Times had numerous sources confirming this story.”
“Attacking it does not make it less true,” Mr. Baquet said.
An F.B.I. official confirmed on Thursday night that the White House had asked last week for the bureau’s help disputing the story, and that senior F.B.I. officials had rejected the request, citing the continuing investigation into Russian efforts to affect the election.
The official declined to say whether White House officials had reached out directly to Mr. Comey, Mr. McCabe or others. The official said the White House had reached out to American intelligence agencies in the hopes of enlisting their help.
Tension between the F.B.I. and the White House is not unheard-of. President Bill Clinton had an icy relationship with his F.B.I. director, Louis J. Freeh, whose agents investigated the president and his associates for years. But it is very unusual for a president to openly criticize the entire bureau.
Mr. Trump’s remarks add to an already unusual moment in history for the F.B.I. The bureau, along with other American intelligence agencies, has concluded that Russia unleashed a hacking campaign to disrupt the 2016 presidential election, in part to help Mr. Trump. F.B.I. agents are also investigating some of Mr. Trump’s former campaign advisers and associates.
Mr. Trump has been disparaging the intelligence community for months, particularly in response to its conclusion that Russia sought to influence the election on his behalf.
In December, he suggested that United States intelligence agencies could not be trusted because they erroneously concluded that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction in Iraq. In January, he denounced leaks emanating from the intelligence community and argued that they were politically motivated. “Are we living in Nazi Germany?” he said.



ARTICLE
President Trump’s speech on Friday at the Conservative Political Action Conference followed a familiar pattern: Blast the news media as “dishonest,” repeat a string of falsehoods and wrap up by promising to change the status quo.
“I want you all to know that we are fighting the fake news,” Mr. Trump said. “It’s fake, phony, fake. They have a professional obligation as members of the press to report honestly. But as you saw throughout the entire campaign, and even now, the fake news doesn’t tell the truth.”
Here is an assessment of some of the claims Mr. Trump made.
False. Mr. Trump tweeted on Feb. 17, “The FAKE NEWS media (failing @nytimes, @NBCNews, @ABC, @CBS, @CNN) is not my enemy, it is the enemy of the American People!”
All of the news organizations Mr. Trump named actually quoted the tweet in its entirety or specified the outlets he called “fake.”
This is misleading. Mr. Trump, who trailed Hillary Clinton in major national polls leading up to the election, ended up winning the Electoral College. But most of the polls Mr. Trump referred to actually reflected the popular vote total within the margin of error.
The day before the election, CBS and ABC projected Mr. Trump trailing Mrs. Clinton by 4 points with margins of error of 3 points and 2.5 points. About 2.9 million more people, or 2.1 percent, voted for Mrs. Clinton than for Mr. Trump. NBC showed Mrs. Clinton with a 6-point lead and a margin of error of 1 point.
No evidence. Mr. Trump and Mr. Sanders hold similar positions on global trade, but there’s no evidence that huge swaths of voters who supported Mr. Sanders voted for Mr. Trump.
After the Democratic National Convention, polls indicated that a majority of “Bernie people” would vote for Mrs. Clinton. Mr. Trump’s support among those who preferred Mr. Sanders ranged from 3 percent to 13 percent, depending on whether third-party candidates were also included in the question.
False. The United States apprehended 415,816 people in the 2016 fiscal year, so hundreds of thousands of people did not just “come in.”
Under the country’s visa waiver program, citizens from some 30 countries are allowed to enter the United States without a visa for up to 90 days. Citizens from other countries must apply for a visa and could be rejected; waiting times vary. Refugees who are referred to resettlement in the United States typically wait up to two years.
Needs context. The $6 trillion figure is the high end of credible estimates of the total cost of the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq as well as nation building and personnel costs. But this price also includes costs to come, such as future spending for veterans’ health care and disability.
Estimates for the total spent on the war thus far range from $1.6 trillion to $3.6 trillion. Factoring money appropriated for Homeland Security raises the cost to $4.8 trillion.
False. About 20 million people have gained coverage under the Affordable Care Act, and the uninsured rate has dropped to a record low of 10.9 percent.
The left-leaning Urban Institute estimated that 2.6 million plans were canceled because they did not meet minimum requirements set by the act. But fewer than one million people ended up with no insurance at all, and it is not clear that this was entirely attributable to health care law.
Needs context. Whether regulations stifle economic growth is the subject of debate. But the economy, by most metrics, is faring quite well.
Unemployment is at 4.8 percent, compared with 7.8 percent eight years ago. Stock markets have been reporting record highs. Retail sales, the Consumer Price Index and the number of permits for new housing units all rose in January.
As for Mr. Trump’s executive order requiring the repeal of two rules for every one introduced, our colleagues at the Upshot explained why it’s no quick fix.
False. The size of the Army and number of warships have declined in recent years, but size is no indicator of power.
The number of troops will be reduced by the 2018 fiscal year, a result of pulling out of wars in the Middle East (a position Mr. Trump falsely says that he has espoused since the United States first invaded Iraq). The United States has the most sophisticated naval fleet in the world, with 10 aircraft carriers compared with Russia’s one.
Mr. Trump’s predecessor, Barack Obama, committed billions of dollars to updating the nuclear arsenal. Over all, the United States spends more on its military than the next seven to eight countries combined.
False. Mr. Trump referred to a nonexistent terrorist attack in Sweden during a Feb. 18 campaign rally in Florida, baffling an entire nation.
If he was referring to crime in a country known for taking in large numbers of refugees, the data does not support him, either. The Swedish National Council for Crime Prevention found no significant increase in overall crime rates from 2015 to 2016.
This is misleading. Anecdotes aside, tourism in Paris has not suffered despite the 2015 terrorist attacks. The city reported a “moderate” 1.1 percent drop in hotel arrivals that year.
That is less than the 1.4 percent drop experienced in 2014. Paris did have steady increases in tourism from 2010 to 2013, but that occurred after a 4.4 percent decline in 2009 during the global financial crisis.
Paris was named the third-most-visited city in the world in 2016 by MasterCard.
French Foreign Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault tweeted in response, “3.5 million American tourists visited France in 2016, they will always be welcome #Trump #Paris #Nice #Survivor Tree.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Former Gov. Steve Beshear of Kentucky, a senior Democrat best known for putting the Affordable Care Act into effect in a deeply conservative state, will give his party’s response to President Trump’s address to Congress on Tuesday, Democratic congressional leaders announced on Friday.
In selecting Mr. Beshear, 72, Democrats opted to elevate an elder statesman from the belt of heartland states that Mr. Trump won handily, rather than highlighting one of the party’s newer faces or a potential challenger to Mr. Trump in 2020.
In announcing the choice, Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, and Nancy Pelosi of California, the House minority leader, underscored Mr. Beshear’s distinctive credentials as a spokesman on health care.
The party is in the middle of a major push to derail Republican efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act, encouraging activists to swarm their members of Congress at town hall-style meetings and assailing Republican leaders for lacking a specific plan to replace the health care law.
Democratic governors gathering in Washington this weekend plan to call on Congress not to strip away health care funding from their states.
“Governor Beshear’s work in Kentucky is proof positive that the Affordable Care Act works, reducing costs and expanding access for hundreds of thousands of Kentuckians,” Mr. Schumer said in a statement.
Mr. Beshear, he added, “knows exactly what is at risk if President Trump and congressional Republicans repeal the Affordable Care Act without a replacement.”
Ms. Pelosi described Kentucky under Mr. Beshear as “one of the great success stories of the Affordable Care Act in delivering quality, affordable health coverage for all.”
Mr. Schumer and Ms. Pelosi also announced that Astrid Silva, an immigration activist, would give a response to Mr. Trump’s address in Spanish.
Mr. Beshear, a relatively moderate Democrat who is the son of a preacher, indicated in a statement that he would also critique Mr. Trump’s leadership style and discuss education and economic opportunity.
“Real leaders don’t spread derision and division — they build partnerships and offer solutions instead of ideology and blame,” Mr. Beshear said.
But if Mr. Beshear can be expected to present an unthreatening message to voters in the political middle, it is his work on health care that has made him a national figure in the Democratic Party.
As governor, Mr. Beshear opened a state health care exchange, known as Kynect, and accepted federal money to expand Medicaid coverage in Kentucky. The number of Kentuckians without health insurance fell to 7.5 percent in 2015 from 20.4 percent in 2013, tied with Arkansas for the most dramatic plunge in the country.
Mr. Beshear has been a consistent voice of optimism about the Affordable Care Act among Democrats, and he predicted several years ago that the law would prove so popular, after being fully carried out, that it would more likely be expanded than repealed.
The law faces a far more uncertain prognosis, after Republicans won control of the White House and kept control of Congress in 2016 after campaigning on a pledge to unravel the Affordable Care Act.
Mr. Beshear’s successor as governor, Matt Bevin, who is a Republican, won federal approval last fall for a plan to dismantle the Kynect exchange and move the state into the federal exchange.
But polls have shown the Affordable Care Act growing in popularity recently, during the debate over its possible demise, and Republicans in Congress are plainly struggling to make good on their vow to “repeal and replace” it.
Mr. Beshear’s response to Mr. Trump’s address will not be his first role in a presidential address to Congress. In 2014, he attended President Barack Obama’s State of the Union speech as a guest of the president, who hailed his work on health care from the well of the House of Representatives.
“Kentucky’s not the most liberal part of the country, but he’s like a man possessed when it comes to covering his commonwealth’s families,” Mr. Obama said of Mr. Beshear.



ARTICLE
OXON HILL, Md. — Stephen K. Bannon brought the battle plan. President Trump brought the fight.
A day after his secretive chief strategist laid out a hard-edged new definition of conservatism animated by attacks on “the administrative state,” globalism and the “corporatist media,” Mr. Trump delivered a visceral gut punch of a speech that executed almost all of the tactics that define the forever-war philosophy of the Trump-Bannon West Wing.
Speaking to the Conservative Political Action Conference on Friday, Mr. Trump launched what was easily the most blistering attack on the media and corporate elites of his already bellicose and eventful presidency. His speech also included a promise to throw undocumented immigrants “the hell out of the country” and a recitation of his law-and-order campaign promises. It represented a not-entirely friendly takeover of CPAC, an establishment Republican group whose leadership once viewed the party’s surprise standard-bearer as a noisy interloper.
Mr. Bannon, the former Breitbart chief executive who has a hand in nearly every scripted public Trump utterance, had expressed a similar sentiment at the conference the day before. “If you think they’re going to give you your country back without a fight, you are sadly mistaken,” he said during an appearance with Reince Priebus, the White House chief of staff. “Every day, it is going to be a fight.”
His onstage discussion, it turned out, was a philosophy-infused preview of Mr. Trump’s populist broadsides, with an admonition to anyone who continues to underestimate the determination of the Trump White House to disrupt the Washington establishment.
Mr. Trump’s less restrained approach energized CPAC attendees who had once viewed the developer-turned-reality-star as a self-promotional celebrity curiosity — they serenaded him with chants of “Trump” and “U.S.A.” And his message is resonating with Republican voters, over 80 percent of whom approve of his job performance, despite historically low levels of support among all voters.
But Mr. Trump is intensifying his assault on his enemies on the eve of his first national address before a joint session of Congress, a time when most new presidents are moving in the opposite direction, pivoting from martial campaign rhetoric to the more positive, inclusive language of governance needed to build the coalition necessary to pass major legislation.
On an operational level, Mr. Trump’s inexperienced but confident White House staff members — dominated by Mr. Bannon — are leaning on Hill Republicans to draft tax overhaul measures and a replacement bill for the Affordable Care Act. In the meantime, they have focused on enacting a series of quick-splash executive orders, an approach often adopted by presidents at the end of their terms when their legislative leverage has been exhausted.
As they did during the campaign, Mr. Trump and Mr. Bannon believe they are tapping into an American public less interested in the standard optimistic tropes of presidential politics and more interested in someone who speaks truth to their anxieties. Moreover, aides to Mr. Trump say he fares best when he’s able to target — and nickname — an opponent, whether it is “Little Marco” Rubio, “Crooked Hillary” Clinton or the “Fake News” media.
Mr. Bannon, bookish and prone to surrounding himself with like-minded young acolytes, previewed Mr. Trump’s media-bashing during the Thursday session. “They’re corporatist, globalist media that are adamantly opposed — adamantly opposed to an economic nationalist agenda like Donald Trump has,” he said. “I think if you look at the opposition party and how they portray the campaign, how they portrayed the transition and now they’re portraying the administration, it’s always wrong.”
The attacks on the news media come at a time when the press has been reporting on the Trump campaign’s apparent connections to Russia, the botched rollout of Mr. Trump’s executive order on immigration and the forced resignation of Michael T. Flynn, the national security adviser, after less than a month on the job.
“They’re very smart, they’re very cunning and they’re very dishonest,” Mr. Trump said on a day when his press secretary scrapped his daily briefing for an invitation-only off-camera gaggle for selected reporters. The move, people familiar with the situation said, was enthusiastically backed by Mr. Bannon.
The symbiotic political and personal relationship between the two men — the rumpled near-recluse and the compulsively public and image-conscious president — is driving much of the momentum and dysfunction of the White House, aides say.
For all his talk of creating a blueprint for a Trumpian conservatism that outlasts the president’s career, Mr. Bannon is not regarded as a detail-oriented manager, and he let slip during his CPAC appearance that things in the White House have gone well — but only “to the degree we were planning” them.
There is not a lot of daylight between Mr. Trump and Mr. Bannon on the issues, although the president often jokes that Mr. Bannon’s economic populist agenda makes it hard to tell if the former Naval officer and Goldman Sachs executive is “alt-right or alt-left,” according to a Trump associate friendly with both.
The biggest difference between the president and his chief strategist is that Mr. Trump is far less constrained by the dictates of any single philosophy — even Mr. Bannon’s vision of Trumpism — than Mr. Bannon, who sees history as a succession of movements and power struggles.
And while Mr. Bannon described the president as “maniacally focused” on fulfilling his campaign promises, Mr. Trump often loses focus, as he did during numerous digressions from his scripted remarks on Friday.
He unleashed the latest in a succession of surprise rhetorical attacks on longstanding American allies, extemporizing about a friend named Jim who had told him to avoid the “City of Lights” because after several terrorist attacks, “Paris is no longer Paris.”
Clearly reveling in the adulation of a room that had once been hard to win, the president alternated between a theme of dark days — once again singling out violence on the streets of Chicago — and light comedy. Speaking of a meeting with business leaders this week that included food producers, he quipped, “I like Campbell’s soup.”
He also joked about his first appearance at this annual conservative conclave.
“If you remember, it was my first major speech. They said he didn’t get a standing ovation — because everybody stood,” Mr. Trump said of the speech, in 2011.
“I had very little notes and even less preparation,” he said. “And then you leave, and everybody is thrilled, and I say, ‘I like this business.’”



ARTICLE
OXON HILL, Md. — In an administration hardly five weeks old, Stephen K. Bannon’s reputation has taken on almost mythic proportion as a fire-breathing populist, emerging power center, man of mystery.
When Mr. Bannon, President Trump’s chief strategist, appeared in public on Thursday for the first time since the president was sworn in, it was to deliver, in his own combative way, a message of soothing reassurance to the conservative activists gathered here for their annual assessment known as the Conservative Political Action Conference.
Do not believe the “corporatist globalist media” that was “crying and weeping” on election night and is still “dead wrong” about what the Trump administration is doing. Inside the White House, Mr. Bannon said, everything is going according to plan. The “deconstruction of the administrative state” has just begun.
Appearing with Reince Priebus, the president’s chief of staff, he joked about how well the two get along despite the friction that had always existed between them. “I can run a little hot on occasion,” Mr. Bannon said, complimenting Mr. Priebus’s equanimity.
And he urged a ballroom full of activists to stick together against the forces that were trying to tear them apart. “Whether you’re a populist, whether you’re a limited-government conservative, whether you’re a libertarian, whether you’re an economic nationalist,” he said, “we want you to have our back.”
Despite Mr. Bannon’s assurances, a simmering unease remains among conservatives over whether Mr. Trump will honor his promises to them, given that he was not part of their movement — or any political movement, for that matter — until very recently.
Not too many years ago CPAC almost denied Mr. Trump a speaking slot because it feared he only wanted to promote himself. As for Mr. Bannon, he was essentially banished from the premises when he was running Breitbart News. So Mr. Bannon started a  rival conference at a hotel down the street and called it The Uninvited.
Kellyanne Conway, the White House counselor, acknowledged the discomfort that comes with any hostile party takeover when she addressed the meeting. Mr. Trump, she said, had to uproot the political system.
“Every great movement ends up being a little bit sclerotic and dusty after a time,” she said. She predicted that CPAC would wholly embrace the new president.
“Well, I think by tomorrow this will be TPAC,” she said.
Part of what has been so problematic in Mr. Trump’s first month is that the disruption he promised to unleash on the federal bureaucracy so far seems to be occurring in the wrong place: his administration, which has been rife with infighting and rattled by early missteps. The destructive forces that Mr. Bannon and other conservatives complain about can sometimes come from within.
Mr. Trump’s first nominee for labor secretary withdrew after allegations of domestic abuse and revelations that he had employed an undocumented immigrant he did not pay taxes on. His hastily carried out executive order barring refugees and all visitors from seven predominantly Muslim countries has been tangled up in the courts and blocked from going into effect. He fired his national security adviser. And questions of how closely members of his inner circle may have worked with the Russians to sabotage Hillary Clinton’s campaign continue to attract interest from investigators.
“Disruption is a good thing,” said Matt Schlapp, the chairman of the American Conservative Union, which hosts CPAC. Still, he acknowledged, “on some days they do it better than others.”
There is another lens through which to see the disorder that has characterized this White House, Mr. Trump and his supporters say. And that is to understand that the president’s enemies — especially in the news media — want to distort his actions, exaggerate his mistakes and not discuss issues like safety and unemployment that are on the minds of his supporters.
Gov. Matt Bevin, Republican of Kentucky, said he was appalled by the “unbelievable incessant focus on the most mindless things,” with regard to how the president is portrayed in the news media. “Let’s talk about crime rates. Let’s talk about economic viability. Let’s talk about joblessness,” Mr. Bevin added. “Let’s focus on things that matter and stop being so tabloid-like and titillated by idiocy.”
Ms. Conway said the stories of disarray in the White House, including recent accounts that she has been sidelined lately, were nothing more than tiresome palace intrigue. And without naming names, she said the attacks directed at her were really desperate attacks against the president by political enemies still sore about the election.
“To try to remove me from the equation would remove one of his voices and one of his trusted aides. And that would be hurtful to him,” she said. “They didn’t see this coming. They weren’t prepared for this result — even though they all ran around and said: ‘We’re a divided country! We’re a divided country!’”
It was not as if the support for Mr. Trump, who will speak to the conference Friday morning, is not enthusiastic.
“I always said he’s not a stupid man. And if he has the right people around him he’s going to do the right thing,” said Daniel Cirucci of Cherry Hill, N.J., who was standing in line on Thursday evening to listen to Vice President Mike Pence, a conservative he said he deeply admired. “I think he realizes the enormity of the job,” Mr. Cirucci added. “Now does that mean Trump is going to stop being Trump? No.”
These should be good times for conservatives — and much of the time they are. They control not just the White House but both houses of Congress and appear on the verge of regaining a majority on the Supreme Court. They have not dominated so many state governments in close to a century.
But part of the subtext of CPAC this year has been how conservative leaders are trying to smooth out the rougher edges of their movement, not all of which involve Mr. Trump.
Because of the association that a fringe element of Trump supporters has with white nationalists, the CPAC organizers held a panel discussion on Thursday to signal their strong disapproval. Its title: The Alt-Right Ain’t Right at All.
Yet after the panel was over, the white nationalist leader Richard Spencer stood in the hall just off the main stage and declared himself a conservative. “I’m a conservative in a deep sense, in a sense that I care about people and defending a culture.”
And the organizers had to cancel a planned speech by Milo Yiannopoulos, the former Breitbart editor and Trump supporter who has a history of insulting Jews, Muslims, African-Americans and other minorities, after a tape surfaced in which he condoned sex with boys as young as 13.
The projections of placidity inside CPAC tried to mask how fractious the movement remains. Yet optimists were not hard to find.
Mr. Pence said the Trump victory has given conservatives “the most important time in the history of our movement.”
“My friends, this is our time,” he told the conference Thursday night. “This is the time to prove again that our answers are the right answers for America.”
In his brief remarks, Mr. Bannon ended on a conciliatory note. He insisted that conservatives all had more in common than most people realized.
“We have wide and sometimes divergent opinions,” he said. But the core of what conservatives believe is “that we’re a nation with an economy, not an economy just in some global marketplace with open borders — that we’re a nation with a culture and a reason for being.
“And I think that’s what unites us,” he added. “And I think that’s what’s going to unite this movement going forward.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The Justice Department said Thursday that it would continue to use private, for-profit prisons to house thousands of federal inmates, scrapping an Obama administration plan to phase them out because of problems.
It was the second time in two days that the Trump administration reversed an Obama-era policy. On Wednesday, it rescinded a directive that gave anti-discrimination protection to transgender students and allowed them to use the bathroom of their choice.
In a memo released on Thursday, Attorney General Jeff Sessions directed federal prison officials to keep using the private prisons. He also withdrew a policy set out last August by Sally Q. Yates, then the deputy attorney general, who had ordered prison officials to phase out the use of the private facilities.
Ms. Yates’s order had followed a report from the Justice Department inspector general about safety and security concerns with the operations at private prisons, along with other issues. The private prisons “compare poorly to our own bureau facilities” in a number of areas and do not save much money, Ms. Yates wrote as she ordered them phased out.
Mr. Sessions, in withdrawing her order, said the Yates directive had “changed longstanding policy and practice” and hurt the prison system’s ability “to meet the future needs” for housing.
President Trump fired Ms. Yates as acting attorney general last month over an unrelated matter, when she refused to defend the ban he had ordered on travelers from seven largely Muslim countries. The courts have blocked the travel ban, and the administration is rewriting it.



