ARTICLE
May 1, 2017
Castro, 42, made his decision after several months of speculation about a potential primary clash with Congressman Beto O’Rourke, who has already announced his candidacy, the Times reported.
Both Castro and O’Rourke are part of the U.S. congressional delegation from Texas.
Castro and his brother, Julian, are both considered rising stars in the Democratic party. Julian Castro served as secretary of Housing and Urban Development under President Barack Obama.




ARTICLE
May 1, 2017
By Robin Respaut and Nick Brown
Rossello said in a statement in Spanish that he was “grateful” for the addition in the spending bill reached late Sunday night.
The full House of Representatives and Senate must approve the bipartisan pact, though prompt passage was expected this week.
Puerto Rico’s public health system is nearly insolvent, a key driver of emigration that has decimated the U.S. territory’s population as it wrestles with $70 billion in debt, a 45 percent poverty rate and unemployment twice the U.S. average.
The island faces a deadline at midnight Monday to negotiate a debt-cutting agreement with creditors, or open itself up to lawsuits over debt defaults. It could also file for a modified version of U.S. bankruptcy to protect itself from such litigation.
One creditor, who owns insured Puerto Rican bonds, said the proposal was “not even close to a good proposal.
“Not just lowball but also not a well constructed proposal,” said Sean Burgess, portfolio manager and lead trader for Puerto Rico strategy at Sarasota, Florida-based Cumberland Advisors.

BANKRUPTCY?
The island’s aggressive lobbying for federal healthcare funding in Washington is seen as a possible detractor to filing bankruptcy, which would not garner sympathy from Congressional Republicans who opposed the in-court restructuring provision in last year’s Puerto Rico rescue law, PROMESA.
The $295 million will help fund the island’s Medicaid budget for fiscal year 2018, which starts July 1, and enable Puerto Rico to contract with managed care health insurance companies that administer the Medicaid program.
Without the money, the island would have to run the Medicaid program on its own, a massive undertaking that Puerto Rico is not equipped to do, said island Health Secretary Dr. Rafael Rodríguez-Mercado.
But Puerto Rico will still need an additional $300 million to fund its entire Medicaid budget for fiscal year 2018, Rodríguez-Mercado told Reuters in an interview on Monday. He hopes that money will come from the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) in September.
Puerto Rico’s $2.76 billion Medicaid budget has been funded in part by a one-time pool of money provided to U.S. territories under the Affordable Care Act, commonly referred to as Obamacare.
That money is expected to run out by the end of 2017, triggering what island officials call the “Medicaid cliff” — the return to a federal funding cap of $321 million for Puerto Rico’s Medicaid program.
U.S. territories receive proportionately less federal Medicaid reimbursement than U.S. states. Prior to Obamacare, Puerto Rico partially funded its Medicaid budget through bonds, exacerbating the island’s debt crisis.
In recent weeks, Governor Ricardo Rossello has been lobbying to boost Puerto Rico’s healthcare funding, warning that Washington’s failure to do so would leave some 900,000 people without health coverage.




ARTICLE
May 1, 2017
By David Shepardson
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – President Donald Trump announced on Monday he has signed an executive order creating a new technology council to “transfer and modernize” the U.S. government’s information technology systems.
A White House official confirmed Monday that about 20 technology chief executives will attend meetings at the White House in early June to talk about improving government information technology.
“Americans deserve better digital services from their Government. To effectuate this policy, the federal government must transform and modernize its information technology and how it uses and delivers digital services,” Trump’s executive order dated April 28 said.
Trump has held a number of meetings with top tech chief executives since becoming president, including Apple Inc, Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc, IBM Corp, Microsoft Inc, and Tesla Inc.
In March, Trump signed a separate order to overhaul the federal government. Trump tapped Jared Kushner in March to lead a White House Office of American Innovation to leverage business ideas and potentially privatize some government functions as the White House pushes to shrink government, cut federal employees and eliminate regulations.
Officially called the American Technology Council, Chris Liddell will be its director. He is the White House director of strategic initiatives, and former Microsoft and General Motors co chief financial officer.
A 2016 U.S. Government Accountability Office report publicly estimated the U.S. government spends more than $80 billion in IT annually, but said spending has fallen by $7.3 billion since 2010. In 2015, there were at least 7,000 separate IT investments by the U.S. government, the report said.
The $80 billion figure does not include Defense Department classified IT systems; and 58 independent executive branch agencies, including the Central Intelligence Agency, the report said.
The GAO report said U.S. government IT investments “are becoming increasingly obsolete: many use outdated software languages and hardware parts that are unsupported.”
The report found some agencies are using systems that have components that are at least 50 years old. “The Department of Defense uses 8-inch floppy disks in a legacy system that coordinates the operational functions of the nation’s nuclear forces,” the report said.
The report said the Defense Department plans to
update the system by the end of September.
The Treasury Department’s business master file of tax data pertaining to individual business income taxpayers dates back to the 1950s and using an antiquated computer language “and operates on an IBM mainframe.”
The council is chaired by Trump and includes the defense secretary, homeland security secretary, budget director and director of national intelligence.




ARTICLE
May 1, 2017
New York, NY – Claire Hardwick, OAN Political Correspondent
While President Trump laid out his blueprint plan for tax reform, Dan Mitchell said for this plan to work, the government has to cut spending.
Dan Mitchell is a senior fellow at Cato Institute.
Mitchell said the best part of Trump’s tax plan is that it’s a big tax cut, and that the big reduction in the corporate tax break will help job production and investment in America.
But for this plan to work, Trump and Republicans on the Hills need to shrink the size of government.
“When we already have 500 billion dollar deficits projected to rise to over a trillion dollars, to do a multi-trillion dollar tax cut, I just worry that politicians won’t agree to that so therefore, we need to try extra hard to somehow put a cap on the growth of government spending to give us lots of breathing room for lower tax rates,” Mitchell said.
Mitchell said in order for this tax plan to move through Congress, the Trump White House and Congressional Republicans have to get serious about government spending.
Mitchell said the Trump administration plans to release their full budget in May, and if it includes less spending and entitlement reform, then the budget and tax reform can be married together for great economic growth.
 
 



ARTICLE
May 1, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – President Donald Trump said China may have hacked the emails of Democratic officials to meddle with the 2016 presidential election, countering the view of U.S. intelligence officials who have said Moscow orchestrated the hacks.
In an interview transcript published on Sunday, Trump gave no evidence backing his allegation, first made on the eve of the Nov. 8 presidential election, that China could have hacked the emails of his rivals.
“If you don’t catch a hacker, okay, in the act, it’s very hard to say who did the hacking,” the president said in an interview with CBS “Face the Nation.” “(It) could have been China, could have been a lot of different groups.”
The hackers roiled the presidential campaign by making public embarrassing emails sent by Democratic operatives and aides to Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. One email showed party leaders favoring Clinton over her rival in the campaign for the party’s internal nomination contest.
Trump has been dismissive of the statements by intelligence officials that Moscow hacked the emails to help Trump win the election. During the Sept 26 presidential debate with Clinton, Trump said China was one of many actors that could have been behind the hack, including “somebody sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds.”
Like Russia, China is a longstanding cybersecurity adversary of the United States. Trump in recent weeks has softened his criticism of Chinese trade policies as Washington seeks Beijing’s support in diffusing military tensions with North Korea.
Before Trump was elected, he pledged to improve relations with Moscow. Russia has denied any involvement in the hacks. Lawmakers are currently investigating whether Trump’s campaign team had ties with Russia.




ARTICLE
May 1, 2017
Washington, D.C. – Trey Yingst, OAN Chief White House Correspondent
President Trump’s chief economic advisor Gary Cohn said Monday that he believes lawmakers have enough healthcare votes to put a bill on the house floor this week.
Cohn’s comments come after President Trump tweeted on Sunday that a new health care plan was on the way that would lower premiums and deductibles, while including coverage for pre-existing conditions.
The optimism from the Trump administration comes after a failed attempt at calling a health care vote on March 24th. That vote ended up being called off after the Speak of the House Paul Ryan informed President Trump that the necessary 216 votes were not available. The non-vote was viewed by many as a setback for President Trump, but just over a month later the administration appears to have wrangled support.
“We’re convinced we’ve got the votes and we’re going to keep moving on with our agenda,” Cohn said Monday morning.
Many of the new support for the American Health Care Act are from the House Freedom Caucus. The Caucus makes up 31 seats of the House and previously had mixed support for the Trump administration’s plan.
Early reports indicate the new vote, with the support of the House Freedom Caucus, could come as early as Wednesday.



ARTICLE
April 29, 2017
By Stephen J. Adler, Jeff Mason and Steve Holland
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – He misses driving, feels as if he is in a cocoon, and is surprised how hard his new job is.
President Donald Trump on Thursday reflected on his first 100 days in office with a wistful look at his life before the White House.
“I loved my previous life. I had so many things going,” Trump told Reuters in an interview. “This is more work than in my previous life. I thought it would be easier.”
A wealthy businessman from New York, Trump assumed public office for the first time when he entered the White House on Jan. 20 after he defeated former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in an upset.
More than five months after his victory and two days shy of the 100-day mark of his presidency, the election is still on Trump’s mind. Midway through a discussion about Chinese President Xi Jinping, the president paused to hand out copies of what he said were the latest figures from the 2016 electoral map.
“Here, you can take that, that’s the final map of the numbers,” the Republican president said from his desk in the Oval Office, handing out maps of the United States with areas he won marked in red. “It’s pretty good, right? The red is obviously us.”
He had copies for each of the three Reuters reporters in the room.
Trump, who said he was accustomed to not having privacy in his “old life,” expressed surprise at how little he had now. And he made clear he was still getting used to having 24-hour Secret Service protection and its accompanying constraints.
“You’re really into your own little cocoon, because you have such massive protection that you really can’t go anywhere,” he said.
When the president leaves the White House, it is usually in a limousine or an SUV.
He said he missed being behind the wheel himself.
“I like to drive,” he said. “I can’t drive any more.”
Many things about Trump have not changed from the wheeler-dealer executive and former celebrity reality show host who ran his empire from the 26th floor of Trump Tower in New York and worked the phones incessantly.
He frequently turns to outside friends and former business colleagues for advice and positive reinforcement. Senior aides say they are resigned to it.
The president has been at loggerheads with many news organizations since his election campaign and decided not to attend the White House Correspondents’ Dinner in Washington on Saturday because he felt he had been treated unfairly by the media.
“I would come next year, absolutely,” Trump said when asked whether he would attend in the future.
The dinner is organized by the White House Correspondents’ Association. Reuters correspondent Jeff Mason is its president.




ARTICLE
April 28, 2017
New York, NY – Claire Hardwick, OAN Political Correspondent
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson chaired the United Nations Security Council meeting, where he urged the international community to come together to put pressure on North Korea.
And playing a key role, is China, who accounts for 90% of North Korea’s trade.
“What our Chinese colleagues say is extremely important. That’s why I said to have the unity of the Security Council because the unity of the Security Council on this, in itself, is a leverage to maximize pressure on North Korea” Francois Dellatre, France’s Ambassador to the UN said.
Tillerson said that any countries that do not comply with the United Nations Security Council sanctions on North Korea must stop, because the catastrophic effects of North Korea using a nuclear weapon far outweigh any economic benefits.
“I really do hope that we see no war. In particular, if North Korea is in possession of nuclear capability, it will be a very, very dangerous situation that has to be avoided,” Anikka Soder, Sweden’s Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs said.
The United Nations Security Council reaffirmed their dedication to preventing the use of nuclear weapons from North Korea.



ARTICLE
April 29, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The website of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, EPA.gov, is getting a makeover to reflect the views of President Donald Trump and EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt, the agency said on Friday.
“As EPA renews its commitment to human health and clean air, land and water, our website needs to reflect the views of the leadership of the agency,” it said in a statement.
Trump, a climate change doubter, campaigned on a pledge to boost the U.S. oil and gas drilling and coal mining industries by slashing regulation. He also promised to pull Washington out of a global pact to fight climate change.
The first page to be updated is one that reflects Trump’s executive order on energy independence, which calls for a review of the Clean Power Plan put into place by his predecessor, President Barack Obama, the statement said.
“Language associated with the Clean Power Plan, written by the last administration, is out of date,” it said. “Similarly, content related to climate and regulation is also being reviewed.”
The Clean Power Plan aimed to sharply reduce carbon dioxide emissions from electrical power generation over 25 years, focusing on reductions from coal-burning power plants and increasing the use of renewable energy and energy conservation.
“We want to eliminate confusion by removing outdated language first and making room to discuss how we’re protecting the environment and human health by partnering with states and working within the law,” J.P. Freire, associate administrator for public affairs at the agency, said in the statement.
The website changes will comply with agency ethics and legal guidance, including proper archiving, so a snapshot of the Obama administration’s website would remain available from the main page, the statement said.
In January, EPA sources told Reuters that administration officials had asked the agency to take down the climate change page on its website, and that EPA staff had pushed back in an effort to convince the administration to preserve it. [L1N1FF00N]
The page includes links to scientific research, emissions data from industrial plants and a multi-agency report that describes trends related to the causes and effects of climate change.
Pruitt led 14 lawsuits against the agency when he was Oklahoma’s attorney general. Last month he said he was not convinced that carbon dioxide from human activity is the main driver of climate change, a position widely embraced by scientists.





ARTICLE
April 29, 2017

NORTH KOREA
The Trump administration could respond to North Korea’s latest failed missile test by speeding plans for new U.S. sanctions against Pyongyang, including possible measures against specific North Korean and Chinese entities, a U.S. official says.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson warns failure to curb North Korea’s nuclear and missile development could lead to “catastrophic consequences” while China and Russia rebuke Washington for its threat of force.

GOVERNMENT SPENDING BILL
Trump signs a bill approved by the Republican-led Congress to avert a U.S. government shutdown and give lawmakers another week to work out federal spending through Sept. 30, with tricky issues like defense spending still unresolved.

NATIONAL RIFLE ASSOCIATION
Trump pledges to uphold Americans’ right to possess guns in a speech that he uses to revisit some 2016 election campaign themes from his vow to build a border wall to dismissing Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren as “Pocahontas.”

SOUTH KOREA
Trump tells Reuters he will either renegotiate or terminate what he calls a “horrible” free trade deal with South Korea and says Seoul should pay for a U.S. anti-missile system he prices at $1 billion.
A 5-year-old U.S.-South Korean trade deal could be improved to increase access for American vehicles and deter currency manipulation but changes will not necessarily shrink the U.S. trade deficit with the Asian export powerhouse.

OBAMA-ERA REGULATIONS
Lawmakers, lobbyists and interest groups are making a final push in their fight over regulations enacted during former President Barack Obama’s last months in office, with the financial services industry working hard to kill a rule on retirement plans run by states.

OFFSHORE DRILLING
Trump signs an executive order to extend offshore oil and gas drilling to areas that have been off limits — a move meant to boost domestic production but that could fall flat due to weak industry demand for the acreage.

CLIMATE CHANGE
A U.S. appeals court grants a Trump administration request to put on hold a legal challenge by industry and a group of states to Obama administration regulations aimed at curbing greenhouse emissions mainly from coal-fired power plants, rules Trump is moving to undo.

PRIVACY
In an unexpected triumph for privacy advocates, the U.S. National Security Agency says it has stopped a form of surveillance that allowed warrant-less collection of the digital communications of Americans who mentioned a foreign intelligence target in their messages.




ARTICLE
April 28, 2017
By Angela Moon
Nearly 100 days into his presidency, Trump has posted 489 tweets, or about five per day on average, typically between the hours of 6 a.m. to 8 a.m. EDT, according to data compiled by Thomson Reuters.
Trump is the first U.S. president to use his personal Twitter account @realDonaldTrump. Since his account was created in 2009, Trump has sent out 34,800 tweets. One of the most active politicians on Twitter, Trump has previously expressed his love for Twitter. In Nov 2012, he tweeted: “I love Twitter …. it’s like owning your own newspaper— without the losses.” The tweet got 5,033 retweets and 5,399 likes.
Trump currently has 28.4 million followers. His predecessor Barack Obama, the first U.S. president to ever have a Twitter account, had 13.5 million followers on his official handle @POTUS. He sent out only 342 tweets as president.




ARTICLE
April 28, 2017
Washington, DC – Kendall Forward, OAN Political Correspondent
President Donald Trump Reaches His 100 Day Mark This Weekend.
With many critics, including those in the mainstream media calling the first milestone a failure, The President says it’s a manufactured deadline.
In a tweet on April 21 he said:  “No matter how much I accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days, & it has been a lot (including S.C.) [Supreme Court], media will kill!”
Corey Lewandowski, OAN contributor and former Trump campaign manager says of the first 100 days, “I think it’s a false metric system that the mainstream media wants to talk about what he has or has not accomplished.” Lewandowski said if you look at the first 100 days of this administration, “it has been unbelievable successful. He has already helped the steel workers, the coal miners, he has withdrawn from the TPP (Trans-Pacific Partnership). He has held multiple negotiations with foreign leaders.”
Lewandowski added he’s standing up for industry here in the country and saying look, U.S. citizens can compete with anybody, but we need a level playing field. According to Lewandowski, the confirmation of a Supreme Court Justice would have been an amazing accomplishment, but The President has also “reduced government regulations, saved 87 billion dollars in government regulations and fees in the first 100 days.”



ARTICLE
April 28, 2017
Washington, D.C. – Trey Yingst, OAN Chief White House Correspondent
President Trump traveled to Atlanta, Georgia on Friday to speak at the annual National Rifle Association meeting.
The President brought with him Senator Ted Cruz and Georgia-06 candidate Karen Handel. The President has endorsed Handel for the special election that is set to take place for the open congressional seat of Tom Price, Trump’s Health and Human services secretary.
Before the event began, the NRA president, Chris Cox, praised the President for nominating Judge Neil Grouch to the Supreme Court. The NRA appears to view Grouch as a constitutionalist who will protect the second amendment.
“I will never, ever infringe on the right of the people to keep and bear arms,” President Trump said.
The gun lobby group endorsed then candidate Trump during the Presidential race in 2016.
President Trump will speak in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania on Saturday to talk about his journey from the campaign trail to his first 100 days in the White House.
 



ARTICLE
April 28, 2017
By Susan Cornwell
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. House leaders have decided against holding a vote on a reworked healthcare system overhaul this week after failing to find the necessary support, congressional aides said on Thursday.
White House officials had urged a floor vote on the legislation before President Donald Trump’s 100th day in office on Saturday, hoping to follow through on a campaign promise to repeal and replace the 2010 Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare.
Advocates had hoped to raise enough support for the measure after a group of hard-line Republican conservatives endorsed an amended version on Wednesday.
But by Thursday evening Republican leaders still had not collected enough votes from moderate Republicans whose backing was also needed for passage in the House, given united Democratic opposition.
“We won’t vote this week,” said one House Republican aide, who asked not to be named. Next week was not ruled out, another indicated. “We’ll call a vote when we have the votes.”
Representative Pete Sessions, a senior House Republican, also left the door open to a vote next week.
Possibly referring to Trump, Sessions said that a lot of people had tried to rush the legislation to the floor, but House Republican leaders want to “allow the time to do it right.
“I said it will find its time and I am satisfied we are moving at a pace, keeping people engaged,” he said at a late night session of the House Rules Committee he chairs.
The Republican healthcare bill would replace Obamacare’s income-based tax credit with an age-based credit, roll back an expansion of the Medicaid government health insurance program for the poor and repeal most Obamacare taxes.
The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office had estimated 24 million fewer people would have insurance than under the original version.
House leaders brought the bill to the floor last month after Trump demanded a vote, but yanked it after a rebellion by Republican moderates and the party’s most conservative lawmakers, in a major setback for Trump.
An amendment drafted by Representative Tom MacArthur won over conservatives in the hardline Freedom Caucus this week, reviving some hopes that the bill could still pass.
The amendment would allow states to seek waivers from some provisions. Among these are one mandating that insurers charge those with pre-existing conditions the same as healthy consumers, and that insurers cover so-called essential health benefits, such as maternity care.
But a number of centrist Republicans still opposed the measure.
“Protections for those with pre-existing conditions without contingency, and affordable access to coverage for every American, remain my priorities for advancing healthcare reform, and this bill does not satisfy those benchmarks for me,” Representative Ryan Costello of Pennsylvania said in a statement posted on social network Twitter on Thursday.
Some outside groups like the American Medical Association weighed in against the legislation, saying it would cost millions their health care coverage. The bill’s future is further clouded in the Senate.





ARTICLE
April 28, 2017
Washington, DC – Young Richardson, OAN Political Correspondent
Members of the House Freedom Caucus this week have agreed to support a health care plan, after opposing the American Health Care Act (AHCA) proposed by Speaker Paul Ryan and supported by the President.  Although the date for a vote on a revised health care package to replace Obamacare is uncertain, it could be brought to the House floor in the next couple weeks.  Georgia Congressman Jody Hice is a Freedom Caucus Member who now supports the new version of the health care bill.
“The key issue is to drive down premium costs, which the previous bill –four weeks ago–did not do.  And so with what we have now, I’ve come on board because of the changes that have been made which drastically impact premium costs,” explains Hice who represents Georgia’s Tenth District, which extends eastward from the Atlanta suburbs.
“The previous bill had some good things…employer mandate…individual mandate.  That’s good, but it left untouched insurance company mandates.  So, an insurance company did not have the ability to offer a variety of plans.  They had to stick with the Gold, Premium, that type of thing.  It was not free market-based.  And there’s no way to drive down the cost of premiums if the government is dictating what the plan has to be.  The MacArthur Amendment helped in that regard,” says Hice.
Hice noted that some Members are still undecided, but he appeared optimistic about the bill’s chances for approval.
Turning the subject of President Trump’s First 100 Days, Hice offered high praise for the nascent Administration.
“I rate him doing an outstanding job.  Again, at the end of the day, no President is ultimately going to be defined by a hundred days.  He’ll be defined by the duration of his presidency.  But within the First Hundred Days, we’ve got what…eleven Congressional Review Acts–by far the most in the history of our nation, which reviews have done away with multiple regulations from the previous administration.
“And the most in any other administration had been one.  So those have gone through the House, through the Senate and signed by the President.  We have a new Supreme Court Justice.  We have Executive Orders ranging from Keystone to Waters of the US.  We have our military presence in the world, seen from Syria and other things that America is back on the front line.  We have our immigration declining seventy percent the first Hundred Days…and I give him an A+,” says Hice.



ARTICLE
April 28, 2017
By Richard Cowan and Amanda Becker
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The U.S. Congress is set to debate legislation that would extend until May 5 the deadline for a deal on federal spending through September and head off a feared government shutdown at midnight on Friday.
The House Rules Committee, in a late-night meeting, voted 8-2 to send the legislation to the full House of Representatives for debate and votes on passage on Friday, just hours before expiry of a deadline for funding many federal agencies.
If the measure passes the House, as expected, the Senate would be prepared to promptly take up the bill, in the hope of also passing it and sending it to President Donald Trump to be signed into law.
The measure would give Republican and Democratic lawmakers an additional week to work out differences on about $1 trillion in funding for the government through Sept. 30, the end of the current fiscal year.
Without the extension or a longer-term funding bill, federal agencies will run out of money by midnight Friday, likely triggering abrupt layoffs of hundreds of thousands of federal government workers until funding resumes.
The last government shutdown, in 2013, lasted for 17 days, and many lawmakers were nervous about the prospect of another.
“I’m confident we will be able to pass a short-term extension” of funding for programs for the fiscal year that began nearly seven months ago, House Speaker Paul Ryan told reporters early on Thursday.
House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi warned that the purpose of the stopgap measure was to tie up loose ends of a deal to provide around $1 trillion in money for the fiscal year ending Sept. 30 and not for “kicking the can down the road to have this same back-and-forth” over funding disputes.
House Appropriations Committee Chairman Rodney Frelinghuysen expressed optimism in a statement that a final funding package will be completed soon.
In the midst of the delicate negotiations, Trump took to social network Twitter to blast Democrats.
“As families prepare for summer vacations in our National Parks – Democrats threaten to close them and shut down the government. Terrible!” Trump tweeted in a series of tweets.
Negotiators were racing against the clock to resolve remaining disputes in the massive spending bill amid talks that have already handed Democrats at least two major victories, despite Republican control of Congress.
Trump, a Republican, gave in to Democratic demands that the spending bill not include money to start building the wall he wants to erect on the U.S.-Mexico border. His administration also agreed to continue funding for a major component of Obamacare, formally known as the Affordable Care Act, despite vows to end the program.
It remained unclear whether Republicans would prevail in their effort to sharply hike defense spending without similar increases for other domestic programs. Trump has proposed a $30-billion spending boost for the Pentagon for the rest of this fiscal year.
Such funding disputes could resurface later in spending bills for the next fiscal year.
Disagreements remaining to be ironed out include funding to make a healthcare program for coal miners permanent and to plug a gap in Puerto Rico’s Medicaid program, the government health insurance program for the poor.




ARTICLE
April 28, 2017
By Stephen J. Adler, Steve Holland and Jeff Mason
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – President Donald Trump complained on Thursday that the United States was being unfairly treated in the Paris Climate Agreement and told Reuters he would announce a decision in about two weeks on whether Washington would remain in the accord.
The Republican Trump, elected in November, had vowed during his campaign to withdraw from the Paris accord within 100 days of becoming president, part of a broader plan to sweep away Obama administration environmental protections he said were hobbling the economy.
He has since said he is open to staying in the pact if Washington gets better terms, and scores of large U.S. companies and several Republican lawmakers have urged him to stay in the deal as a way to protect American industry interests overseas.
Trump, who will mark the 100th day of his presidency on Saturday, told Reuters in an interview he would announce his decision “in about two weeks,” but complained that China, India, Russia and other countries were paying too little to help poorer countries battle climate change under the agreement’s Green Climate Fund.
“It’s not a fair situation because they are paying virtually nothing and we are paying massive amounts of money,” he said.
Asked for a hint of what his decision might be, he said: “I can say this, we want to be treated fairly.”
An administration source told Reuters earlier that Trump administration officials would likely meet in May to decide whether to keep the United States in the climate deal, having had an initial meeting on Thursday at the White House.
The group of advisers, which includes Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Energy Secretary Rick Perry and national security adviser H.R. McMaster, was on track to make the decision before a Group of Seven summit on May 26, the source said.

CABINET DIFFERENCES
Tillerson, the former head of Exxon Mobil Corp, and Perry have said the country should remain in the agreement. McMaster shares that view, a source outside the administration said.
Opponents of the pact include Environmental Protection Agency chief Scott Pruitt, the former attorney general of oil-producing state Oklahoma, and White House chief strategist Steve Bannon.
Nearly 200 countries struck the Paris agreement to limit climate change by cutting carbon dioxide emissions and making investments in clean energy.
Many companies such as BP Plc and Microsoft Corp have urged the United States to stay in the agreement to protect their competitiveness.
A group of nine Republican lawmakers on Thursday urged Trump to stick to the pact, but to weaken the U.S. pledge to cut greenhouse gas emissions.
Congressman Kevin Cramer of oil-producing state North Dakota and eight other Republicans in the House of Representatives sent a letter to Trump urging him to use the country’s “seat at the Paris table to defend and promote our commercial interest, including our manufacturing and fossil fuel sectors.”
If the United States is to stay in the 2015 agreement, Washington should present a new emissions cutting pledge that “does no harm to our economy,” said the letter from Cramer, who advised Trump on energy and climate during his 2016 presidential campaign.
Trump’s Democratic predecessor, former President Barack Obama, had pledged a 26 percent to 28 percent cut in U.S. greenhouse gas emissions from 2005 levels, by 2025. Most scientists say the world needs to curb greenhouse gas emissions to limit the effects of climate change, including rising seas, deadly heatwaves, and severe storms and droughts.
The Republican lawmakers also said Washington should retain its seat on the Green Climate Fund but not make additional transfers to it. Obama pledged $3 billion to the fund in 2014, and gave $1 billion to it, with the last $500 million payment coming in his last days as president.




ARTICLE
April 27, 2017
By Timothy Gardner
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Trump administration officials will likely meet in May to reach a final decision on whether the United States should stay in the Paris climate deal, after holding an initial meeting on Thursday at the White House, an administration source said.
The group of advisers, which includes Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Energy Secretary Rick Perry, and national security adviser H.R. McMaster, was on track to make the decision before a Group of Seven summit on May 26, the source said.
President Donald Trump made canceling the Paris agreement part of his 100-day plan for energy policy. He later said he was open to staying in the pact if Washington got better terms.
Tillerson, the former head of Exxon Mobil Corp  and Perry have said the country should remain in the agreement. McMaster shares that view, a source outside the administration said.
Opponents of the pact include Environmental Protection Agency chief Scott Pruitt, the former attorney general of oil-producing Oklahoma, and White House chief strategist Steve Bannon.
Nearly 200 countries struck the Paris agreement to limit climate change by cutting carbon dioxide emissions and making investments in clean energy.
Many companies such as BP Plc  and Microsoft Corp have urged the United States to stay in the agreement to protect their competitiveness.
In addition, a group of nine Republican lawmakers urged Trump to stick to the pact, but to weaken the U.S. pledge to cut greenhouse gas emissions.
Representative Kevin Cramer of oil-producing North Dakota and eight other Republican House of Representatives members sent a letter to Trump urging him to use the country’s “seat at the Paris table to defend and promote our commercial interest, including our manufacturing and fossil fuel sectors.”
If the United States is to stay in the 2015 agreement, Washington should present a new emissions cutting pledge that “does no harm to our economy,” said the letter from Cramer, who advised Trump on energy and climate during his presidential campaign.
Trump’s Democratic predecessor, Barack Obama, had pledged a 26 percent to 28 percent cut in U.S. greenhouse gas emissions from 2005 levels, by 2025. Most scientists say the world needs to curb greenhouse gas emissions to limit the effects of climate change, including rising seas, deadly heatwaves, and severe storms and droughts.
The Republican lawmakers also said Washington should retain its seat on the Green Climate Fund, which aims to tackle climate change in poor countries, but not make additional transfers to it. Obama pledged $3 billion to the fund in 2014, and gave $1 billion to it, with the last $500 million payment coming in his last days as president.




ARTICLE
April 27, 2017

HEALTHCARE
A pledge to repeal and replace the 2010 Affordable Care Act, President Barack Obama’s signature domestic policy, was among Trump’s central 2016 election campaign promises. It is also one of the biggest failures of his first 100 days.
A bill in the House of Representatives was withdrawn in late March when Republicans could not muster enough votes for passage even though they control the chamber.
A reworked plan this week has drawn support from the House Freedom Caucus, the conservative bloc that helped sink the original bill. That improves the chances of a deal in the House though it is unclear if it can win enough support from moderate Republicans, and it would face tougher challenges in the Senate.

TAX CUTS
Trump repeatedly promised the biggest tax reform since the 1980s. This week he proposed legislation to slash the corporate tax rate to 15 percent from 35 percent, cut the top personal income tax rate to 35 percent, repeal the inheritance tax, and temporarily slash the rate on overseas profits repatriated to the United States. The plan, however, is vague and even senior Republican lawmakers described it as offering only “guideposts” for legislative changes.

FOREIGN POLICY
Trump’s foreign policy has been marked by major shifts.
Russia: Trump spoke admiringly of Russian President Vladimir Putin during the campaign and indicated he wanted a rapprochement with Moscow. But the administration has not been able to fend off a controversy that has led to a congressional investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election, including possible links between Trump’s campaign and Moscow. Trump has cooled considerably toward Putin. Putin condemned Trump’s decision in early April to launch cruise missile strikes on Syria in punishment for a chemical weapons attack by the Syrian government, and Trump said the relationship with Russia “may be at an all-time low.”
North Korea: A growing nuclear and missile threat from North Korea is perhaps Trump’s most serious security challenge. He has vowed to prevent North Korea from being able to hit the United States with a nuclear missile, a capability experts say Pyongyang could have some time after 2020. Trump’s administration aims to push North Korea into dismantling its nuclear and missile programs through tougher international sanctions and diplomatic pressure. He has pressed China, North Korea’s biggest trading partner, to do more to curb Pyongyang’s nuclear program.
NATO: Trump alarmed U.S. allies during the election campaign by calling NATO “obsolete.” In mid-April he lavished praise on NATO and said it is not obsolete.
Syria: Trump had vowed to avoid entanglements in Middle East conflicts and, in his first days in office, said he did not want the United States dragged deeper into the Syrian conflict. But he responded to the chemical weapons attack, which killed dozens of people, by ordering strikes on a Syrian air base. That won praise from allies in Europe and from U.S. lawmakers.

IMMIGRATION AND A WALL
Trump promised a crackdown on illegal immigrants entering the United States and the deportation of illegal immigrants living in the country, especially those with criminal records. He also pledged to build a wall along the border and to get Mexico to pay for it.
The approach and strong rhetoric have had an effect with the number of migrants caught trying to enter the country illegally hitting a 17-year low in March. The number of children traveling with a guardian and apprehended at the southern U.S. border plunged by more than 90 percent in March from December.
Trump insists he will build the border wall, but in order to lift the threat of a government shutdown, he gave way on his demand this week that Congress include full funding for it in a spending bill.
Trump campaigned on a promise to bar the entry of Muslims into the United States, casting it as part of the fight against the Islamic State militant group. On Jan. 27, he ordered a temporary ban on the entry of nationals from seven Muslim-majority countries, including Syria. He also indefinitely banned refugees from Syria and temporarily banned refugees from all other countries. A federal judge temporarily halted the ban, and a federal appeals court upheld that ruling. Trump issued a revised travel ban in early March, only to see it again blocked in federal court.
Similarly, a federal judge this week blocked his order to withhold federal funding from so-called sanctuary cities, which offer safe harbor to illegal immigrants.

SUPREME COURT
This is one of Trump’s clearest wins. His promise to select a like-minded successor to Justice Antonin Scalia, who died early last year, was kept with the nomination of Neil Gorsuch. The Senate confirmed Gorsuch despite Democratic opposition, restoring a conservative majority on the court.

TRADE
Trump withdrew the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal just days after his inauguration, keeping a campaign promise.
Trump had both threatened to withdraw from or renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), blaming it for an exodus of U.S. jobs to Mexico. The threats of withdrawal had jolted financial markets at various times. On Thursday, Trump extended an olive branch, saying he would not terminate NAFTA after the leaders of Mexico and Canada asked him to work on a new trade deal.  
Trump also ordered a review of the causes of U.S. trade deficits, such as dumping of products below cost; unfair subsidies; “misaligned” currencies; and “non-reciprocal” trade practices.
Trump had vowed to name China a currency manipulator, meaning the United States could then impose tariffs on Chinese goods. But in mid-April he changed course and said that China was not a currency manipulator.

REGULATION
Trump has acted aggressively on his promise to eliminate regulations that he said were hurting the U.S. economy. He issued a permit for the controversial Keystone XL pipeline. He also rescinded Obama-era climate change regulations, including the Clean Power Plan; a ban on coal leasing on federal lands; and rules to curb methane emissions from oil and gas production.
As part of a push to open up more federal lands to drilling, mining and other development, Trump ordered a review to identify national monuments that can be rescinded or resized. Legal challenges are expected.
His administration has approved a dozen measures rolling back regulations passed in the final months of the Obama administration on the environment, energy, education and financial services.

BUY AMERICAN, HIRE AMERICAN
Trump has pledged to keep U.S. companies from shipping jobs overseas. Before taking office, Trump used the muscle of his election victory to threaten companies about moving jobs abroad. He claimed victories with the Carrier unit of United Technologies Corp and with Ford Motor Co, though Carrier still cut hundreds of jobs in Indiana and Ford said it scrapped plans for a Mexican factory because of declining demand for small cars in North America. The jury is still out on how successful he can be in keeping jobs from going overseas.
Trump ordered a review of the H-1B visa program, which brings highly skilled foreign workers into the United States. He says he wants to modify or replace the current lottery system with a merit-based system for highly skilled workers.

‘DRAIN THE SWAMP’
This was one of Trump’s rallying cries during the campaign, saying he would change Washington by cracking down on the influence of special interests and political elites. He criticized Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton for her paid speeches to Wall Street bank Goldman Sachs but has named several former Goldman executives to his inner circle. He did ban appointees of any executive agency from lobbying for five years after leaving government employment and permanently banned future former appointees from activity on behalf of any government or political party abroad.




ARTICLE
April 27, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Advisers to President Donald Trump held a meeting at the White House on Thursday to discuss whether the United States should remain in the Paris global climate deal and will likely meet again in May before making a final decision, an administration source said.
The advisers are likely on track to reach a final decision before a Group of Seven meeting in late May, the source said. Nearly 200 countries struck the Paris deal in 2015 to fight climate change by taking actions such as reducing greenhouse gas emissions.




ARTICLE
April 27, 2017

NORTH KOREA
China welcomes an apparently softer tone by the United States on the North Korean nuclear and missile crisis, but stresses its opposition to a U.S. missile defense system being deployed in South Korea.
Russian President Vladimir Putin and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe call on North Korea and other countries to avoid behavior or rhetoric that could increase tensions around Pyongyang’s nuclear program.

NAFTA
Trump says he pulled back from the brink of killing the 23-year-old trade pact with Canada and Mexico after requests from their leaders and expressed optimism about winning better U.S. terms in a renegotiated deal.

GOVERNMENT SPENDING BILL
Congress takes steps to extend until May 5 the deadline for reaching a deal on federal spending through September and head off a feared government shutdown at midnight on Friday.

HEALTHCARE
Prospects for U.S. House passage of a healthcare system overhaul before Trump’s 100th day in office dim as Republicans struggle to find the needed votes, lawmakers and aides say.

MICHAEL FLYNN
The Pentagon’s inspector general opened an investigation into whether Michael Flynn, Trump’s former national security adviser, took money from foreign entities without needed approval, according to a letter released by House Democrats.
A White House spokesman says it was “appropriate” for a Pentagon agency to investigate Flynn for possible wrongdoing in making a trip to Russia in 2016.

WHITE HOUSE ACCESS
Manufacturers and Wall Street have led the quest for business access to Trump in his first 100 days in office, with media companies and Silicon Valley seldom entering the presidential bubble, a Reuters review finds.

FIGHTING MILITANT GROUPS
Ten Democratic U.S. House members say they want Congress to vote on a formal authorization for the use of military force against al Qaeda, the Islamic State and the Taliban.
A suspected U.S. drone strike kills several Pakistani Taliban militants in North Waziristan close to the Afghanistan border, a regional government official and an Islamist militant say, in a rare strike on Pakistani soil.

AIR POLLUTION
A U.S. appeals court grants a request from the Trump administration to put litigation on hold in which states and industry groups are challenging an Obama administration pollution control rule for mercury and other toxic emissions from power plants.




ARTICLE
April 27, 2017
By Jason Lange
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Manufacturers and Wall Street have led the quest for business access to President Donald Trump in his first 100 days in office, with media companies and Silicon Valley seldom entering the presidential bubble, a Reuters review found.
Since inauguration day on Jan. 20, top executives from at least 186 companies have visited with Trump or senior advisers at the White House or on presidential trips, including those to Mar-a-Lago, the private, seaside Florida club where he spends many weekends.
Some of the meetings have been reported in the press. But Reuters analyzed more than 900 White House press pool reports to give the first big picture view, albeit an incomplete one, of who has had the most and least success at bending the president’s ear.
Such access can be crucial for companies, with Trump regularly passing judgment and making proposals on business issues such as trade, taxes, immigration and regulation.
The review showed Trump listening closely to some segments of Corporate America, though perhaps neglecting the dynamic technology and entertainment sectors, both powerful U.S. export industries.
Tim Cook, CEO of Apple Inc <AAPL.O>, and other tech leaders met with Trump before his inauguration.
Access sometimes means influence, but it was likely too soon to tell, after less than 100 days, whether Trump’s actions have disproportionately favored big manufacturers and Wall Street.
Industrial power-houses have led the way on access, including companies with the clout to make significant hiring decisions: Ford Motor Co <F.N> CEO Mark Fields has met with Trump at least four times; General Motors <GM.N> CEO Mary Barra, at least four times; and Boeing <BA.N> representatives, at least three times.
The Reuters review helps fill a blank in the Trump record that opened in mid-April when he put the White House visitor logs off-limits to the public. They had been mostly public under Obama.
Transparency advocates have warned that Trump’s decision will make it harder to hold him accountable.
“A public record of who has the president’s ear is more important than it has ever been,” said John Wonderlich, executive director of the Sunlight Foundation, a nonprofit good-government advocacy group.
The review showed about half of the companies that have made it into the Trump inner circle through April 21, day 92 of his presidency, were manufacturers or financial firms – asset managers, insurers and banks ranging from Wall Street giants such as Citigroup <C.N> to small community banks.
Financier Stephen Schwarzman, who chairs a presidential advisory forum of business leaders, is CEO of the Blackstone Group <BX.N>, the largest manager of private equity and real estate assets. He was spotted by the press pool aboard Air Force 1 on Feb. 3 when the president was traveling to Mar-a-Lago. Schwarzman also attended at least three meetings with Trump and other executives.
Almost all of Trump’s meetings were group encounters with 10 or more executives sitting down with the president and White House officials in events billed as listening sessions, roundtable discussions or town halls.
A few were more intimate encounters, such as on March 18, when Ike Perlmutter, CEO of Marvel Entertainment, a Walt Disney Corp. <DIS.N> subsidiary, met with the president in Mar-a-Lago before having dinner with the president, first lady Melania Trump and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross.
Perlmutter, however, was one of few executives from media companies seen by pool reporters in meetings with Trump.
Information technology firms, which enjoyed significant access to former President Barack Obama, have had less access to Trump than legacy manufacturers such as auto and steel makers. IBM <IBM.N> CEO Ginni Rometty attended three meetings with Trump, but was one of only a few CEOs from big tech firms seen at the White House.
Manufacturers and financiers also enjoyed access to the White House under Obama, according to a Reuters review in December 2015 of White House visitor logs.
The recent Reuters review is not comprehensive since the press pool, though dogged and alert, may have missed some of Trump’s meetings with business leaders.
The pool is a rotation of journalists from several outlets, including Reuters, who follow Trump and get briefings from White House officials on some, but not all of his meetings.





ARTICLE
April 27, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Ten Democratic members of the U.S. House of Representatives said on Thursday they want Congress to vote on a formal authorization for the use of military force against al Qaeda, the Islamic State and the Taliban.
The group introduced an authorization, known as an AUMF, that would last three years and replace authorizations passed in 2001 and 2002 that have been used by both Republican and Democratic presidents for military action against the groups.
Some members of Congress have contended for years that those measures, approved in 2001 to retaliate against al Qaeda for the Sept. 11 attacks and in 2002 to pave the way for the Iraq War, were outmoded.
Those arguments intensified when President Donald Trump ordered air strikes against an airfield in Syria this month, although Republicans, who control Congress, and many Democrats said they did not feel that a single action like that required formal approval by Congress.
But a small, mostly Democratic, group of lawmakers has argued for years that Congress should stop abdicating its responsibility to consider an AUMF that would govern U.S. military action, whether against Islamist militant groups or the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
“As deployments to Iraq and Syria increase, and with complicating factors like the recent cruise missile strike against the Assad regime in response to the use of chemical weapons, Congress cannot stand on the sidelines any longer and must debate and vote on any new war,” said Representative Adam Schiff, who introduced the bill with nine co-sponsors.
The measure would authorize Trump to deploy combat ground troops against the three groups anywhere in the world, but also includes a mechanism to allow a motion to repeal or modify the authorization.
It also would put in place new requirements for administration reports to Congress and the public on how force was being used.
Without Republican co-sponsors, the measure stands little chance of passage, but if it picks up support, it could help pave the way for future legislation.




ARTICLE
April 27, 2017
The Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee voted 14-9 in favor of Gottlieb, a physician, conservative health policy expert and a deputy FDA commissioner during the George W. Bush administration.
The vote means Gottlieb’s nomination will now be voted on by the full Senate, where he is expected to be confirmed.




ARTICLE
April 27, 2017
The Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee voted 14-9 in favor of Gottlieb, a physician, conservative health policy expert and a deputy FDA commissioner during the George W. Bush administration.
The vote means Gottlieb’s nomination will now be voted on by the full Senate, where he is expected to be confirmed.




ARTICLE
April 27, 2017
New York, NY – Claire Hardwick, OAN Political Correspondent
With elections coming up in Europe, Dr. Maximillian Krah said President Trump’s victory in November has had an impact on the political landscape.
Dr.Maximilian Krah is a member of the fast growing Alternative for Germany Party
He said that despite what the politicians in Germany and other countries are telling their people to believe, the people are starting to see the effects liberal policies have on their lives.
“The politicians say that we have the EU and it makes our life safe and prosperous, and it doesn’t. They say open borders will not increase crime and will not increase terror, but crime and terror are increasing. So its clear that their messages are wrong and they’re lying. So, this is what they say and in the moment reality is different than what the government is telling us,” Krah said.
Krah said that to many Europeans, Trump is a sign of hope.
And despite negative media coverage of him, his success will show Europeans that there is another way.
Because since Trump was successful in winning his election on a conservative platform, and from what he’s doing while in office, voters will see that there is another way forward.



ARTICLE
April 27, 2017
Washington, DC – Young Richardson, OAN Political Correspondent
‘Steady as she goes and full steam ahead’ could be the enthusiastic rallying cry of conservatives as they take stock of president trump’s first 100 days.
“Very exciting…. His appointments to some of the regulatory agencies that don’t get a lot of attention.  The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) that regulates 15 percent of the economy.  He put in a de-regulator, free market guy.  Ajit Pai.  He put in a free market, de-regulator for the Federal Trade Commission.  Regarding anti trust…he put in someone who is gonna fix that huge sectors of the economy are going to be lightly regulated because of his personnel decisions,” says Grover Norquist, President of Americans for Tax Reform.
President Trump has chosen free market, de-regulators for key personnel posts which cheers Norquist, but, perhaps even more encouraging for Torquiest, is the President’s tax plan.
“And he’s just envieled an additional approach…to tax reform.  Completely in sync with what the House and Senate were looking at…but more aggressive.  Fifteen percent business tax rate, not twenty percent, that makes us competitive with the entire world.  Not a bad start,” Norquist points out.
If personnel is policy, then filling key positions with conservatives could lead to a reorganization of the government to perhaps include…less government, says John Palatiello, President, The Business Coalition for Fair Competition.
“On substance, I think there are two things that the Trump Administration has accomplished.  The first is the confirmation of Justice Gorsuch. The second is the Executive Order that President Trump ordered in March, reorganizing the federal government.  There has not been a comprehensive review of the Executive Branch of the government since the Hoover Commission back in the 1950s…and I think that has the potential to be his legacy,” Palatiello explains.
Reorganizing government may have the potential to be President Trump’s legacy, but so might the unprecedented use of the Congressional Review Act says Phil Kerpen, President of American Commitment.
“These Congressional Review Act resolutions… overturning individual regulations.  Only once in the time in history that law was passed in 1996 in the 21 years since, it had been used once prior to President Trump and now it’s been used 13 times.  All the way through regulation overturn votes in the House and Senate signed by the President so, I think that has consumed a lot of legislative time.  Even tough it hasn’t gotten the media coverage these efforts to overturn specific regulations.  And of course he also confirmed a Supreme Court Justice let’s not forget that.  I don’t think that’s ever been done in the first 100 days before,” Kerpen opines.
On the eve of his 100th day in office, it appears President Trump’s support– among conservatives at least— appears to be as robust as it’s ever been.



ARTICLE
April 27, 2017
Washington, D.C. – Trey Yingst, OAN Chief White House Correspondent
After the White House indicated that President Trump was considering terminating American involvement in the North American Free Trade Agreement or ‘NAFTA,’ Trump said he is open to negotiating with Canada and Mexico.
The change of heart comes after President Trump received calls from Canadian Prime Minister Trudeau and Mexican President Pena Nieto on Wednesday night.
Amid rumors of a trade war in North American, the White House says President Trump reserves the ability to terminate US involvement in NAFTA, if negotiations fall through.
“I don’t feel good about NAFTA,” President Trump said earlier this week.
The conversations about trade renegotiation come after One America News broke a story on President Trump imposing a 20% tax on soft lumber entering the US from Canada.
Although soft lumber is imported outside the constraints of NAFTA, the negotiations surrounding the importation of lumber and also milk are expected to guide the negotiations moving forward.



ARTICLE
April 27, 2017

TAXES
Trump proposes slashing tax rates for businesses and on overseas corporate profits returned to the country in a plan greeted as an opening gambit by his fellow Republicans in Congress.
Trump’s plan could shift the U.S. economy into higher gear but could have one effect the White House would not welcome — interest rates ratcheted higher than expected by a wary central bank.
The Trump tax cut will generate growth but not nearly enough to replace trillions of dollars in lost revenues, while rising deficits could even take back some of the economic gains, fiscal experts say.

GOVERNMENT SPENDING BILL
Congress inches toward a deal to fund the government through September but is preparing to possibly extend a midnight Friday deadline in order to wrap up negotiations and avoid an imminent government shutdown.

TRADE
Trump is considering issuing an executive order to pull the United States from the North American Free Trade Agreement, an administration official says, a move that could unravel one of the world’s biggest trading blocs.
Trump and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau discuss bilateral trade in their second conversation in as many days  amid strains over softwood lumber and dairy.

NORTH KOREA
The Trump administration says it aims to push North Korea into dismantling its nuclear and missile programs through tougher international sanctions and diplomatic pressure, and remains open to negotiations to bring that about.

MILITARY
Trump gives the military the authority to reset a confusing system of troop limits in Iraq and Syria that critics say allows the White House to micro-manage battlefield decisions and ultimately obscures the real number of U.S. forces.

NATIONAL MONUMENTS
Trump signs an executive order to allow national monument designations to be rescinded or reduce the size of sites as the administration pushes to open more federal land to drilling, mining and other development.

EDUCATION
Trump orders Education Secretary Betsy DeVos to review the government role in school policy, which supporters cheer as a step in creating more local control in education and critics worry it could lead to lower quality schools in poorer neighborhoods.

MIDDLE EAST
Israel’s intelligence minister says his country wants an “understanding” with the Trump administration that Iran must not be allowed to establish a permanent military foothold in Syria.




ARTICLE
April 26, 2017
By Lisa Lambert
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Republican lawmakers launched the next round in their fight against federal regulation on Wednesday, helped by at least one Democrat, as the U.S. Senate began work on legislation to change nearly every step agencies take in creating and applying new rules.
Republicans have said they deem lightening federal regulation, which they consider costly and burdensome, as much a priority as overhauling healthcare and rewriting the tax code.
For most of President Donald Trump’s first 100 days, the Republican-led Congress attacked regulation by passing resolutions to wipe some of former Democratic President Barack Obama’s rules off the books under the Congressional Review Act. Trump also ordered agencies to scrap two existing rules every time they enact a new one.
Just before Trump’s January inauguration, the House of Representatives passed the “Regulatory Accountability Act,” combining a half dozen bills to radically change government regulation.
On Wednesday, Senator Rob Portman, a Ohio Republican, and Senator Heidi Heitkamp, a North Dakota Democrat, introduced a version of the act for that chamber. If it passes, the bill will be combined with the House version for Trump to sign into law.
The bill would bring “our outdated federal regulatory process into the 21st Century by requiring agencies to use the best scientific and economic data available, strengthening checks and balances, and giving the public a voice in the process,” Portman said in a statement.
It requires stricter cost-benefit analysis, use of the “best available science” to craft rules, and reviews of regulations, according to a summary.
The bill diverges from the House version on what is known as the “Chevron Deference,” based on a Supreme Court ruling that courts should defer to agencies’ interpretations of statutes governing their rulemaking.
The House legislation eliminates the Chevron Deference, while the Senate one creates a judicial review process where courts can decide if agencies comply with the law and then remand non-compliant rules to agencies. Courts would also review factual determinations used in drafting rules costing more than $1 billion annually.
Environmental and labor groups said the Senate bill could block needed new regulations and weaken existing ones.
“This bill would tilt the scales in favor of polluters at the public’s expense,” said Scott Slesinger, legislative director of the Natural Resources Defense Council. “It would make it virtually impossible to safeguard the public from dirty air, unsafe drinking water and other health threats.”





ARTICLE
April 26, 2017
By Susan Cornwell and Yasmeen Abutaleb
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The conservative House Freedom Caucus came out in support of a reworked U.S. healthcare overhaul bill even though it would not fully repeal Democratic former President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law, the group said in a statement on Wednesday.
The group last month helped sink an effort to pass a Republican healthcare overhaul, called the American Health Care Act. But it remained unclear whether the amended bill could win enough support from moderate Republicans to get the 216 votes needed to pass the U.S. House of Representatives given unanimous Democratic opposition.
“While the revised version still does not fully repeal Obamacare, we are prepared to support it to keep our promise to the American people to lower healthcare costs,” the House Freedom Caucus said in a statement posted on the website of its chairman, Republican Representative Mark Meadows.
Republicans in Congress have made repealing and replacing the Affordable Care Act, commonly known as Obamacare, a central campaign promise for seven years. Republican President Donald Trump also made it a top campaign promise.
The Republican healthcare bill would replace Obamacare’s income-based tax credit with a flat age-based credit, roll back an expansion of the Medicaid government health insurance program for the poor and repeal most Obamacare taxes. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office estimated 24 million fewer people would have insurance under the bill.
In its statement, the House Freedom Caucus said it welcomed an amendment that would let states seek waivers from some Obamacare requirements, including the highly popular provision mandating that insurers charge those with pre-existing conditions the same as healthy consumers and that insurers cover so-called essential health benefits, such as maternity care.
The amendment was hammered out between Meadows and Representative Tom MacArthur, a leader of the so-called Tuesday Group of Republican moderates in the House.
Yet several moderates said on Wednesday they had not yet made a decision on whether to support the bill while others remained opposed. Some complained that they had not been part of discussions drafting the amendment, saying they had only seen it after it was released.
“It doesn’t address any of the concerns I’ve been raising for weeks,” said Republican Representative Charlie Dent, including how to reform Medicaid.
Republican Representative Chris Collins, another member of the Tuesday Group, said pressure to follow through on Republicans’ top campaign promise for the past seven years had shifted from the party’s conservative wing to the moderates.
“We need to get this passed to fulfill our campaign promise, and this is the compromise that looks like it will make it happen,” he said.
Republican leaders have not scheduled a vote on the bill. They said they would do so when they are confident they have the votes needed for passage.




ARTICLE
April 26, 2017
By Rodrigo Campos and Liz Hampton
NEW YORK/HOUSTON (Reuters) – The Trump administration’s proposal to slash tax rates on so-called pass-through businesses would deliver a windfall to investors in master limited partnerships and could offer a much-needed lift to this niche segment of the energy market.
The tax plan outline released on Wednesday by U.S. President Donald Trump would sharply slash business taxes and discount the rate on overseas corporate profits brought back into the United States.
The proposed changes include a cut to the top tax rate on pass-through businesses to 15 percent from the current rate of up to 36.9 percent. Pass-throughs get that name because taxes are not paid by the business itself but pass through to their owners’ individual taxes, at that rate.
The change would largely benefit owners of private businesses, but U.S. stock market investors holding shares of master limited partnerships, or MLPs, would receive the same treatment. MLPs build the pipelines and storage tanks and are a common corporate structure in the oil and gas infrastructure sector.
“If the average rate (for MLP investors) is in the 30s, reducing it to 15 percent would be tremendously attractive,” Robert Willens, president of tax and accounting advisory firm Robert Willens LLC, said on Wednesday.
He said if the cuts come through they would make MLPs “the most attractive investment from a tax point of view.”
Mike Bresson, a tax partner with the law firm Baker Botts in Houston said Trump’s proposed change would enhance an already-superior tax structure enjoyed by MLPs.
“They’re talking about giving MLPs the same 15 percent tax rate that corporations get, so that would actually expand the benefits of MLPs over corporations,” Bresson said.
“The devil is in the details and we haven’t seen them.”
MLPs have broadly underperformed the wider stock market over the past several years, largely due to the weakness in oil prices. The energy sector was pummeled as crude prices tumbled from above $100 per barrel in mid 2014 to below $30 early last year. They only recently stabilized at around $50 for U.S. oil.
“There has been a gradual improvement in MLPs now that energy prices have stabilized. It’s still a decent place to invest even without the tax cut,” said Bryant Evans, portfolio manager at Cozad Asset Management in Champaign, Illinois.
“There should be an almost immediate bounce (in price) once the proposal is solid. It should create more demand for MLP stock in general. But beyond an immediate bounce, it all goes back to how their businesses are doing.”
Even with their above-average dividend yields, MLPs have lagged the S&P 500’s total return in the last year by around 240 basis points.
MLP stocks – more specifically, units – are up as a group so far this year, with the Alerian MLP ETF up 1 percent, though they have fallen 2.1 percent since Trump took office – even as his administration has been more friendly to sector projects like the Keystone XL Pipeline and the Dakota Access Pipeline.
The ETF rose 0.8 percent Tuesday as details of the tax proposal were reported first by the Wall Street Journal. It was the largest gain for the fund in six weeks.
Among the best performers in the sector this year are Shell Midstream Partners and Tallgrass Energy Partners, both up by more than 11 percent in 2017, while Plains All American Pipeline and Genesis Energy are down 5 percent and 9 percent year to date, respectively.




ARTICLE
April 26, 2017
By Valerie Volcovici
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – White House advisers and Trump administration officials will meet on Thursday to discuss whether the United States should remain in the Paris climate agreement, a White House official said on Wednesday.
The meeting, which will include member of the National Economic Council and cabinet officials such as Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt and Energy Secretary Rick Perry, was scheduled for 1:30 P.M. EDT (1730 GMT) after being postponed earlier this month.
The administration is expected to make a decision on whether to remain a party to the deal by the time leaders of the Group of Seven wealthy nations meet in late May, but members of President Donald Trump’s inner circle are divided on whether to stay or go.
The accord, agreed by nearly 200 countries in Paris in 2015, would limit planetary warming in part by slashing carbon dioxide and other emissions from the burning of fossil fuels. As part of the deal, the United States under Trump’s predecessor President Barack Obama committed to reducing its emissions by between 26 and 28 percent below 2005 levels by 2025.
During the 2016 presidential election campaign Trump described climate change as a hoax that was stifling policies to improve economic growth and said he would consider “cancelling” the Paris agreement. He later said he was open to staying if the U.S. got better terms.
Trump’s advisers have taken different positions on the decision.
Pruitt joins Trump adviser Steve Bannon in opposing the Paris agreement. Trump’s other close advisers, daughter Ivanka Trump and husband Jared Kushner have sided with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who said the U.S. should remain part of the agreement.
Perry has said it would be best to remain but renegotiate the terms.
George David Banks, in charge of international energy issues at the White House National Economic Council, has been receiving feedback from publicly traded coal and oil companies on the Paris decision.
Some major coal companies, including Cloud Peak Energy , have said it would be in their company’s global interest for the U.S. to stay in the pact. [L5N1HC5NC]
Meanwhile, other global companies, ranging from BP to Microsoft to General Mills to Walmart sent a letter to Trump on Wednesday urging the president to keep the U.S. in the agreement to protect their competitiveness.




ARTICLE
April 26, 2017
The probe will be similar to the one the White House launched last week regarding steel, CNBC reported, citing an administration official. (http://cnb.cx/2q8oDQl)
Ross on Tuesday told the Wall Street Journal the Trump administration may undertake trade actions to protect the U.S. semiconductor, shipbuilding and aluminum industries, citing national security concerns.




ARTICLE
April 26, 1027
Washington, DC – Kendall Forward, OAN Political Correspondent
In a Wednesday morning  press conference, House Speaker Paul Ryan touted President Trump’s progress with congress since he took office, leading up to his 100 day mark.
House G.O.P. members  returned from their Easter recess reinvigorated and determined to get things done. Ran praised the way Congress and President Trump  have worked together to dismantle regulations and create jobs; “Since President Trump took office this congress has sent 29 bills to his desk.  That is the most for a president’s first 100 days in office since 1949,” said Ryan.
House members returned from Easter recess focused on healthcare and spending.
Majority Whip Steve Scales said, “the last two weeks have been really good for members to go back into their districts and hear from the people that actually elected us so that we can continue working for the American people, to follow through on the things that are important to them on getting the economy back on track, on getting the federal government out of their way in so many areas of their lives where people are hurting.
Wednesday, the White House unveiled tax cuts to further propel economic growth, promising to be the biggest in history.
A large part of the spending puzzle continues to be healthcare, on which Ryan says, Congress is ready to see results and the house could be closer to a vote; “We will continue to work to keep our promise to repeal and replace Obamacare,” said Ryan. “So we can lower costs and create more choices for families, we have undertaken some very big reforms to tackle some very big problems.”



ARTICLE
April 26, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin said the plan for “the biggest tax cut” in U.S. history due to be released later on Wednesday by the White House would cut the business tax rate to 15 percent, including for small businesses.
“This is going to be the biggest tax cut and the largest tax reform in the history of our country,” Mnuchin said at a news forum in Washington. He said there was fundamental agreement between President Donald Trump’s administration and the Congress on the goals of the tax reform, and the details would be worked out.
Separately, House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said he had seen a “sneak preview” of the plan. “We like it a lot, it puts us on the same page, we’re in agreement on 80 percent and on the 20 percent we’re in the same ballpark,” Ryan said.




ARTICLE
April 26, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin said the plan for “the biggest tax cut” in U.S. history due to be released later on Wednesday by the White House would cut the business tax rate to 15 percent, including for small businesses.
“This is going to be the biggest tax cut and the largest tax reform in the history of our country,” Mnuchin said at a news forum in Washington. He said there was fundamental agreement between President Donald Trump’s administration and the Congress on the goals of the tax reform, and the details would be worked out.
Separately, House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said he had seen a “sneak preview” of the plan. “We like it a lot, it puts us on the same page, we’re in agreement on 80 percent and on the 20 percent we’re in the same ballpark,” Ryan said.




ARTICLE
April 26, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin said the plan for “the biggest tax cut” in U.S. history due to be released later on Wednesday by the White House would cut the business tax rate to 15 percent, including for small businesses.
“This is going to be the biggest tax cut and the largest tax reform in the history of our country,” Mnuchin said at a news forum in Washington. He said there was fundamental agreement between President Donald Trump’s administration and the Congress on the goals of the tax reform, and the details would be worked out.
Separately, House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said he had seen a “sneak preview” of the plan. “We like it a lot, it puts us on the same page, we’re in agreement on 80 percent and on the 20 percent we’re in the same ballpark,” Ryan said.




ARTICLE
April 26, 2017
Washington, D.C. – Trey Yingst, OAN Chief White House Correspondent
President Trump invited the entire US Senate to the White House grounds for a classified briefing on North Korea Wednesday.
The briefers from the Trump administration include, Secretary of State Tillerson, Secretary of Defense Mattis, Director of National Intelligence Coats and Marine General Dunford. The group will head to Capitol Hill to brief the House side of Congress after speaking with US Senators in the Executive Office building.
The briefings come amid rising tensions in the Korean Peninsula and the detention of another US citizen over the weekend.
Administration officials say the meetings will include discussions on strategy and military options for the US government moving forward. The Senate briefing was suggested by Senate Majority leader Mitch McConnell and the location was decided by the President.
“President Trump said ‘let’s have it here’,” A National Security Council official told One America News.
The President has said previously that all options are on the table when it comes to responding to North Korean provocations.
While the President doesn’t need Congressional approval on many of those options, the administration appears to want a joint effort with Congress to combat future missile tests.
 



ARTICLE
April 26, 2017
By Amanda Becker and Steve Holland
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump is proposing to slash the corporate income tax rate and offer multinational businesses a steep tax break on overseas profits brought into the United States, officials said late on Tuesday.
With financial markets eagerly anticipating a White House tax plan, Trump will also call for a sharp cut in the top rate on pass-through businesses, including many small business partnerships and sole proprietorships, to 15 percent from 39.6 percent, an administration official said.
He will propose cutting the income tax rate paid by public corporations to 15 percent from 35 percent, and allowing multinationals to bring in overseas profits at a tax rate of 10 percent versus 35 percent now, the official said.
Trump’s proposal will not include a controversial “border-adjustment” tax on imports that was in earlier proposals floated by Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives as a way to offset revenue losses resulting from tax cuts.
Trump’s tax blueprint will fall short of the kind of comprehensive tax reform that Republicans have long discussed, and serve chiefly as a guidepost for lawmakers in the House and Senate.
“We’re driving this a little bit more,” a senior White House official told a group of reporters late on Tuesday.
The plan is not expected by analysts to include any proposals for raising new revenue to offset that lost by the tax cuts, and so, if enacted, it would potentially add billions of dollars to the federal deficit.
Trump sent Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin and National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn to Capitol Hill on Tuesday to brief lawmakers on the plan to be unveiled on Wednesday afternoon, likely by Mnuchin.
Mnuchin has been leading the administration’s effort to craft a tax package that can win support in Congress, although the proposals would have a long way to go before becoming law, even with Republicans in control of both the House and Senate.
Mnuchin has said the cuts will pay for themselves by generating more economic growth but fiscal hawks, potentially some in Trump’s own Republican Party, along with Democrats, are certain to question these claims.
Trump also may cap the individual top tax rate at 33 percent, repeal the estate and alternative minimum taxes and cut taxes for the middle class, analysts said.
Whether Trump will include provisions that could attract Democratic votes, such as a proposal to fund infrastructure spending or a child-care tax credit as proposed by his daughter Ivanka, is still the subject of speculation.

CAPITOL HILL MEETING
Mnuchin and Cohn, both veterans of investment bank Goldman Sachs <GS.N>, went to Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell’s office on Tuesday evening, where they all met with House Speaker Paul Ryan, and the chairmen of the House and Senate tax committees, Orrin Hatch and Kevin Brady, respectively.
Hatch called it a “preliminary” 30-minute meeting and participants described it as positive and productive.
As Mnuchin left the Capitol he told reporters there is “no question” the Trump administration and Republicans in the Senate and House agree on the “fundamental principles of tax reform.”
The senior White House official said Trump would like to see Congress pass tax reform by the middle of autumn.
Trump has struggled to advance his domestic agenda, including taxes. With his 100th day as president approaching on Saturday, he has yet to offer formal legislation to Congress or win passage of a major bill he favors.
Some Washington policy analysts said the White House plan could clash in some ways with a broader tax plan shaped months ago by House Republicans, and complicate the consensus-building needed for full tax reform, a political feat not accomplished since 1986 when President Ronald Reagan pulled it off.
The House Republican plan, championed by Ryan and Brady, proposed a 20 percent corporate tax rate. Many U.S. corporations, especially large multinationals, already pay well below the statutory 35 percent tax rate but have been campaigning for a formal rate cut for many years.
The Ryan-Brady plan did include “pay-fors,” including a proposed “border adjustment” tax that would favor exports and discourage imports.
When asked after Tuesday’s briefing if Republicans had ruled out including a border adjustment tax in a tax overhaul, Hatch said: “I wouldn’t say that. The House hasn’t given up on that but they’ve acknowledged it needs some work.”
Separately cutting the top tax rate for pass-through businesses, which account for most U.S. companies, could benefit Trump himself, said Frank Clemente, executive director of Americans for Tax Fairness, a Democratic activist group.
“In trying to slash taxes for pass-through business entities, Trump is seeking to dramatically reduce his own tax bill,” he said in a statement.




ARTICLE
April 26, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump will not agree to a Democratic demand that subsidies for Obamacare be included in a must-pass spending bill in Congress, White House budget director Mick Mulvaney said on Tuesday.
Asked in an interview on CNN if Trump would back putting the Obamacare payments in the legislation to the keep the government open past Friday, Mulvaney said: “No.”
He said the White House had offered to include the Obamacare subsidies if Democrats agreed to funding for a wall on the border with Mexico.
“We made it very clear early on that yeah, OK if you want to talk about those payments to the insurance companies, we’ll trade you a dollar for dollar on bricks and mortar for the wall, but they said no to that and we agreed to put that off for another day …,” he said.




ARTICLE
April 26, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The Trump administration may undertake trade actions to protect the U.S. semiconductor, shipbuilding and aluminum industries, citing national security concerns, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross told the Wall Street Journal in an interview on Tuesday.
He said those industries could qualify for protection under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, which lets the president impose restrictions on imports for reasons of national security and was used to launch a probe of steel imports, the Journal reported.
Last week, President Donald Trump launched a trade probe against China and other exporters of cheap steel into the U.S. market, raising the possibility of new tariffs.
Ross said the Trump administration might intercede to aid Toshiba Corp’s U.S. unit Westinghouse Electric Co, which filed for bankruptcy last month.
The company filed for bankruptcy protection after it incurred billions of dollars of cost overruns at four nuclear reactors under construction in the U.S. Southeast. The bankruptcy cast doubt on the future of the first new U.S. nuclear power plants in three decades.
Ross said renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement should be completed by the end of 2017, the Journal reported. Ross told the newspaper that if the talks with Mexico and Canada go much beyond December, it would be difficult to get the pact ratified by Mexico.
Mexico is due to hold its presidential election in July 2018.
Ross said the Trump administration was considering restarting talks on bilateral trade deals with the European Union and China that the Obama administration had begun but never finished, the Journal reported, adding that he said the United States might reopen a bilateral deal with South Korea.
Earlier this month, U.S. Vice President Mike Pence told business leaders in Seoul that the Trump administration would review and reform the five-year-old free trade agreement between the two countries.
Pence said the U.S. trade deficit had more than doubled in the five years since the U.S.-South Korea free trade agreement began and there were too many barriers for U.S. businesses in the country.




ARTICLE
April 26, 2017

TAXES
Trump on Wednesday will propose slashing corporate income tax rates and steeply discounting the tax rate on overseas corporate profits brought into the United States in a broad blueprint outlining his administration’s tax principles, officials say.

SANCTUARY CITIES
A U.S. judge blocks Trump’s executive order that sought to withhold federal funds from so-called sanctuary cities, dealing another legal blow to the administration’s efforts to toughen immigration enforcement.

TRADE
The United States and Canada face off in a renewed battle over softwood lumber that threatens to spill over into multiple other sectors, although Trump says he does not fear a trade war with Canada.
Mexico’s government says it will fight any measures in a U.S. tax overhaul that break international trade rules, and threatens to review cross-border cooperation on migration and security if upcoming negotiations founder.
Mexico can impose annual trade sanctions worth $163.23 million against the United States after winning a dispute over trade in tuna fish, a World Trade Organization arbitrator rules.

NORTH KOREA
North Korea conducts a big live-fire exercise to mark the anniversary of its military’s founding as a U.S. submarine docks in South Korea in a show of force.

RETREAT ON THE WALL
The threat of a U.S. government shutdown this weekend appears to recede after Trump backs away from a demand that Congress include funding for his planned border wall with Mexico in a spending bill.

NATO
Two of the Air Force’s newest and most advanced jets land in the Baltic state of Estonia for the first time, a symbolic gesture meant to reinforce the United States’ commitment to the defense of NATO allies that border Russia.

RUSSIA
Former White House national security adviser Michael Flynn likely broke the law by failing to get permission to be paid for a trip to Russia in 2015, the leaders of the House of Representatives oversight panel say.
Two former U.S. officials, intelligence director James Clapper and Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates, will testify next month in a Senate investigation into alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election, the Senate Judiciary Committee says.

IVANKA TRUMP
Ivanka Trump is booed in Berlin when she describes her father as a “tremendous champion of supporting families” and says she is still fine-tuning her role as first daughter and informal White House adviser.




ARTICLE
April 25, 2017
By Emily Flitter
NEW YORK (Reuters) – More than a dozen state prosecutors urged President Donald Trump in a letter on Tuesday not to withdraw from the Paris Climate Agreement, which commits the United States, along with 200 other countries, to reducing its greenhouse gas emissions in an attempt to slow global warming.
With the letter, attorneys general from 12 states as well as the District of Columbia and American Samoa have joined a chorus of voices, including major fossil fuel energy companies as well as environmental advocates, condemning the idea of exiting the agreement, which the Republican president has criticized in the past.
“Climate change, if left unchecked, will lead to global environmental dislocation and disaster on a scale we likely cannot imagine,” the prosecutors wrote, urging the president to “maintain and reconfirm the United States’ commitment to this groundbreaking agreement.”
The Paris accord, reached by nearly 200 countries in 2015, seeks to limit global warming by slashing carbon dioxide and other emissions from burning fossil fuels. As part of the deal, the United States committed to reducing its emissions by between 26 percent and 28 percent below 2005 levels by 2025.
In an April 14 appearance on television show “Fox & Friends,” Scott Pruitt, a former attorney general for Oklahoma whom Trump appointed to head the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, called for an “exit” from the Paris Accord while Energy Secretary Rick Perry, speaking at the Bloomberg New Energy Finance conference in New York on Tuesday, said Washington should “renegotiate it.”
Pruitt and Perry were among the administration officials scheduled to meet last week to discuss the U.S. position on the accord, but the meeting was canceled.
Sources told Reuters on April 5 a group of coal producers told White House officials that remaining in the global deal to combat climate change would give U.S. negotiators a chance to advocate for coal in the future of the global energy mix.
Tuesday’s letter was signed by top prosecutors from Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New York, North Carolina, Oregon, Rhode Island and Vermont.




ARTICLE
April 25, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Two former U.S. officials, intelligence director James Clapper and deputy Attorney General Sally Yates, will testify next month in a congressional investigation into alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election, the Senate Judiciary Committee said on Tuesday.
Congressional committees began investigating the issue after U.S. intelligence agencies concluded Russian President Vladimir Putin had ordered hacking of the Democratic political groups to try to sway the election toward Republican Donald Trump. Moscow has denied any such meddling.
Clapper, the former director of national intelligence, and Yates, the former deputy attorney general, will testify on May 8 before the Judiciary Committee’s subcommittee on crime and terrorism, Judiciary Chairman Charles Grassley said in a statement.
More witnesses may be added.
Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said on Tuesday he was “a little troubled” that the Senate Intelligence investigation appeared to be moving slowly.
Reuters reported on Monday that the probe, the Senate’s main investigation into allegations of Russian election meddling, has a much smaller staff than previous high-profile congressional investigations.
Clapper, Yates and another official who also served under former President Barack Obama, ex-CIA Director James Brennan, were scheduled to testify to the House of Representatives intelligence committee in March but that hearing was canceled by the panel’s chairman, Republican Devin Nunes.
Nunes, a Trump ally, recused himself from the Russia investigation in April after receiving information about intelligence agency surveillance of foreign nationals that swept up some information about members of Trump’s transition team.
His decision to hold a news conference and discuss the information with Trump before disclosing it to Democrats raised questions about whether he could lead a credible investigation.
The House committee on Friday invited Yates, Clapper and Brennan to appear at a public hearing to be scheduled after May 2.
The Judiciary subcommittee’s chairman, Republican Lindsay Graham, said he wanted to ask Clapper and Yates whether they knew about a court order allowing FBI surveillance of the communications of Trump campaign adviser Carter Page in 2016.
The Washington Post reported this month that such a warrant had been issued. Clapper said in a March television interview he was not aware of any wiretapping of Trump or advisers.
“I want to get to the bottom of this,” Graham said on Fox News.




ARTICLE
April 25, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The top Republican in the U.S. Senate said on Tuesday he hoped to reach agreement “in the next few days” on a bill to fund the government through Sept. 30, saying it was too soon to talk about a short-term fix to avert a government shutdown at midnight on Friday.
“We’re hoping to reach an agreement in the next few days on how to process the entire bill through September 30th,” Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told reporters. “I don’t want to speculate about whether that can actually clear this week.”




ARTICLE
April 25, 2017
Washington, DC – Kendall Forward, OAN Political Correspondent
President Trump signed a Holocaust Remembrance Proclamation. Tuesday he asked Americans to observe a Week of Remembrance in a speech at the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum’s Commemorative, delivered to Congressmen, veterans and survivors at the Capitol.
Tuesday’s speech focused on freedom and human dignity.  He asked Americans to recognize the sacrifices with appropriate study, prayers, and commemoration and internalizing the lessons of the atrocity- so that it’s never repeated.
The president pledged, “We will never be silent in the face of evil again, and we will confront antisemitism.” and added, “The state of Israel is an eternal monument to the undying strength to the Jewish people, the fervent dream that burned in the hearts of the oppressed is now filled,”
President Trump then personally thanked the audience of veterans, and current servicemen.
“To those in the audience who’ve served American uniform, our country eternally thanks you. We are proud and grateful to be joined today by our veterans of the second world war who liberated survivors from the camps. Your sacrifice helped save freedom for the world.”



ARTICLE
April 25, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The Senate Finance Committee on Tuesday approved President Donald Trump’s choice for U.S. Trade Representative, bringing Robert Lighthizer a step closer to taking office as U.S. trade disputes with Canada and Mexico heat up.
The panel also voted to approve a legal waiver for Lighthizer from a 1995 law that prohibits people who did work on behalf of foreign governments from serving as the top U.S. trade negotiator. Lighthizer did work on behalf of the Brazilian agriculture agency in the late 1980s and assisted a colleague with work for a Chinese electronics industry group in 1991.
Lighthizer’s nomination now moves to the full U.S. Senate for approval. If confirmed, he will represent the Trump administration in its planned renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement.
The U.S. Commerce Department on Monday announced 20 percent anti-subsidy duties on Canadian softwood lumber imports amid a long-running unresolved trade dispute between the United States and its second-largest trade partner.




ARTICLE
April 25, 2017

WALL AND LOOMING SHUTDOWN
Trump indicates an openness to delay his push to secure funds for his promised border wall with Mexico, potentially eliminating a sticking point as lawmakers worked to avoid a shutdown of the federal government.

TRADE
The United States will impose preliminary anti-subsidy duties averaging 20 percent on imports of Canadian softwood lumber, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross says, escalating a long-running trade dispute between the two neighbors.

NORTH KOREA
Trump says the U.N. Security Council must be prepared to impose new sanctions on North Korea as concerns mount that it may test a sixth nuclear bomb as early as Tuesday.
Top Trump administration officials will hold a rare White House briefing on Wednesday for the entire Senate on the North Korean situation, senior Senate aides say.

TAXES
Trump’s zeal to unveil a tax plan before his 100th day in office is raising questions about just how thorough his “tax reform” plans will be, amid signals his focus now is on slashing tax rates.

RUSSIA INVESTIGATION
The Senate’s main investigation into allegations of Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election has a much smaller staff than previous high-profile intelligence and scandal probes in Congress, which could affect its progress, according to sources and a Reuters review of public records.

MAR-A-LAGO
A U.S. State Department website published an article this month about President Donald Trump’s Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida, stoking criticism from prominent ethics experts.

SYRIA
The United States blacklists 271 employees of a Syrian government agency it says was responsible for developing chemical weapons, weeks after a poison gas attack killed scores of people in a rebel-held province in Syria.

HEALTHCARE
A congressional vote on a Republican healthcare legislative plan may not come for weeks as leaders in the House of Representatives and the Senate continue negotiations over possible proposals, the White House says.

UNITED NATIONS
Trump complains the United States is shouldering an unfair burden of the cost of the United Nations, but says if the world body reforms how it operates, the investment will be worth it.





ARTICLE
April 24, 2017

NORTH KOREA
Trump says the U.N. Security Council must be prepared to impose new sanctions on North Korea, amid tensions over its missile and nuclear programs, saying people had acted as if “blindfolded” for decades on a big problem that finally must be solved.
Trump and German Chancellor Angela Merkel discuss the “urgent security challenge” posed by North Korea in a phone call, the White House says.
Top Trump administration officials will hold a rare White House briefing on Wednesday for the entire Senate on the North Korean situation, senior Senate aides say.

CONGRESS RETURNS
Negotiations continue between the White House and congressional leaders on a spending measure to keep the U.S. government running beyond this week, and Trump is still seeking border wall and military funding, the White House says.
Vice President Mike Pence cuts short the final leg of his Asia trip to hurry back to Washington, where the administration faces a critical week on tax reform and a funding plan to keep the government running, an aide says.

SYRIA
The United States blacklists 271 employees of a Syrian government agency it says was responsible for developing chemical weapons, weeks after a poison gas attack killed scores of people in a rebel-held province in Syria.

HEALTHCARE
A congressional vote on a Republican healthcare plan may not come for weeks as leaders in the House of Representatives and the Senate continue negotiations over possible proposals, the White House says.

AFGHANISTAN
Afghanistan’s defense minister and army chief of staff resign after the deadliest Taliban attack ever on a military base, and U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis says he is “under no illusions” about the problems facing the country.

TRADE
Twenty-nine Chinese steel companies’ licenses have been revoked as Beijing keeps up its campaign to tackle overcapacity in the sector and days after Trump said he would open a probe into cheap exports of the metal from China and elsewhere.
Trump’s administration has adopted a “constructive” approach to NAFTA behind the scenes, despite headlines to the contrary, the head of the biggest U.S. business lobby says in a speech in Mexico City.

ANTI-SEMITISM
Anti-Semitic incidents, from bomb threats and cemetery desecration to assaults and bullying, have surged in the United States since Trump’s election, and a “heightened political atmosphere” played a role in the rise, the Anti-Defamation League says.




ARTICLE
April 24, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – A congressional vote on a Republican healthcare plan may not come for weeks as leaders in the House of Representatives and the Senate continue negotiations over possible proposals, the White House said on Monday.
Any vote on healthcare legislation would be determined by Republican congressional leaders and when they have enough votes to pass a plan, White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters at a daily news briefing after U.S. President Donald Trump last week said he was in no rush for a vote.




ARTICLE
April 24, 2017
Washington, DC – Kendall Forward, OAN Political Correspondent
There’s a new restored sense of positivity among small businesses under the Trump administration, according to the house Small Business Committee Chairman, Steve Chabot.  Owners I spoke to are hopeful fewer regulations will make for a more business friendly environment. So it’s no surprise that Trump, former businessman turned President, is giving businesses confidence for the future.  Chabot says the feeling that he’s hearing —  someone’s listening.
“I think folks, they’re not sure but they’re starting to get some confidence that we might actually see some things happening here in Washington that may help them for a change rather than hurt them.”
A few miles outside of Washington D.C., in Potomac, Maryland, I visited a neighborhood favorite — Hunter’s Bar and Grill —  run and owned by Fred Berman and his wife Dora for over 14 years.
“He’s going to be a big help for the economy, put more people back to work, he’s got the right idea—  he’s just got to get it through congress.” said Berman.
Berman says despite Maryland having one of the highest state minimum wages in the country,  he’s optimistic for the future with a businessman in the White House.  A lot of the burdensome regulations he faces come from his local government, but he hopes his local officials can follow the federal lead, and slash regulations.
“Stop raising the minimum wages, stop putting the burden on the small business man, as far as minimum wage, sick leave.” Herman advises.
President Trump says for every new regulation, two must be eliminated— a practice that should help small businesses open and stay in business.



ARTICLE
April 24, 2017
Washington, DC – Young Richardson, OAN Political Correspondent
Conservatives contend that on the campaign trail, President trump promised to withdraw from the Paris climate agreement, and yet there is growing unease among these same conservatives that he may be reconsidering that promise.
“President Trump should keep his campaign promise and cancel America’s participation in the Paris agreement…. We are still in it, until Trump pulls the plug…. He might not do that because there is a faction in his administration–you have Rex Tillerson, You have certain people inside the White House including his daughter and son-in-law who are in favor of the Paris Agreement,” avers Marlo Lewis, Senior Fellow, the Competitive Enterprise Institute, a Libertarian think tank based in Washington, DC.
Indeed, we are still in it until president Trump pulls the plug says Lewis..  And not only is Secretary of State Rex Tillerson pushing for inclusion, so is a massive State Department bureaucracy Lewis points out.
“It would probably entail the biggest expansion in diplomatic activity of any agreement that have ever been negotiated in the history of man kind ok?  So that’s why the State Department loves this thing, and then you have the what you might call the bleeding hearts Ivanka and Jared who actually think that the Paris agreement somehow expresses the aspirations of humanity so we should show our sensitivity for all these people around the world,” Lewis explains.
Sensitivity for all people around the world could be one reason for staying in the the Paris Climate Accord, says Lewis, but Lewis also believes there’s an added motive for “developing nations.”
“It’s a big wealth transfer scheme…. If you are a developing country, this treaty means that…you think it means that you are going to get billions and billions actually cumulatively trillions of dollars in new Western foreign aid.  For climate assistance.  And if you are government of any sort, you think it’s gonna mean we are gonna have greater control than ever–in fact it will increase over time–of private capital in energy infrastructure.”
Lewis believes President Trump must act decisively now, noting that many critics of the Paris Agreement believe the us may be held liable in any lawsuit should the us fail to uphold its pledge to cut carbon emissions.



ARTICLE
April 24, 2017
By David Shepardson and Valerie Volcovici
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump this week will sign new executive orders before he completes his first 100 days in office, including two on energy and the environment, which would make it easier for the United States to develop energy on and offshore, a White House official said on Sunday.
“This builds on previous executive actions that have cleared the way for job-creating pipelines, innovations in energy production, and reduced unnecessary burden on energy producers,” the official said on condition of anonymity. 
On Wednesday, Trump is expected to sign an executive order related to the 1906 Antiquities Act, which enables the president to designate federal areas of land and water as national monuments to protect them from drilling, mining and development, the source said.
On Friday, Trump is expected to sign an order to review areas available for offshore oil and gas exploration, as well as rules governing offshore drilling.
The new measures would build on a number of energy- and environment-related executive orders signed by Trump seeking to gut most of the climate change regulations put in place by predecessor President Barack Obama.
A summary of the forthcoming orders, seen by Reuters, say past administrations “overused” the Antiquities Act, putting more federal areas under protection than necessary.
Obama had used the Antiquities Act more than any other president, his White House said in December, when he designated over 1.6 million acres of land in Utah and Nevada as national monuments, protecting two areas rich in Native American artifacts from mining, oil and gas drilling.
The summary also says previous administrations have been “overly restrictive” of offshore drilling.
Late in Obama’s second term, he banned new drilling in federal waters in parts of the Atlantic and Arctic Oceans using a 1950s-era law that environmental groups say would require a drawn out court challenge to reverse.
Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke said during his January confirmation hearing that Trump could “amend” Obama’s monument designations but any move to rescind a designation would immediately be challenged.
Last month, Trump signed an order calling for a review of Obama’s Clean Power Plan, and reversed a ban on coal leasing on federal lands.
In addition to the energy-related orders, Trump is also expected this week to sign an order to create an office of accountability in the Veterans Affairs department.
He is also expected to create a rural America interagency task force to recommend policies to address issues facing agricultural states.




ARTICLE
April 23, 2017
By Valerie Volcovici
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The Department of Homeland Security will not target immigrants brought to the United States as children for deportation, despite conflicting statements within the Trump administration, its secretary John Kelly said on Sunday.
Kelly, asked on Sunday morning talk shows to clarify the department’s position on the status of these illegal immigrants protected under an Obama-era program, said the agency is focused on deporting only dangerous criminals.
“My organization has not targeted these so-called Dreamers,” Kelly told CNN, referring to the name given to those granted protections under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program created by Democratic President Barack Obama and extended by Republican President Donald Trump.
“We have many, many more important criminals to go after,” he said.
Trump has said Dreamers “have nothing to worry about,” but Attorney General Jeff Sessions last week said immigrants who arrived in the United States as children were “subject to being deported.”
On Sunday, Sessions walked back his earlier statement.
“I believe that everyone that enters the country unlawfully is subject to being deported; however, we’ve got — we don’t have the ability to round up everybody and there’s no plans to do that,” Sessions said on ABC. “But we’re going to focus first, as the president has directed us, on the criminal element.”
On Feb. 17, Juan Manuel Montes, 23, who had lived in the United States since he was 9, was deported from the border city of Calexico, California, after being questioned by a U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) officer.
That was the first documented deportation of a Dreamer.
Kelly said in another Sunday interview on CBS that while Dreamers are not being targeted, several of them end up detained by immigration officers as they round up criminals.
“People fall into our hands incidentally that we have no choice in most cases but to go ahead and put in the system,” he said.




ARTICLE
April 23, 2017
By David Morgan and Doina Chiacu
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – President Donald Trump put pressure on Democrats on Sunday as U.S. lawmakers worked to avoid a government shutdown, saying Obamacare would die without a cash infusion the White House has offered in exchange for their agreement to fund his border wall.
The escalated push to get Trump’s priorities, which Democrats reject, into spending legislation could jeopardize prospects for an agreement to keep the government open.
If talks fail, the government would shut down on Saturday, Trump’s 100th day in office.
“Obamacare is in serious trouble. The Dems need big money to keep it going – otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought,” the Republican president said in a Twitter post.
In a second tweet, he added: “The Democrats don’t want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad MS 13 gang members.”
MS-13 is a criminal gang with members of Central American origin.
The president’s tweets appeared after White House budget director Mick Mulvaney accused Democrats of “holding hostage national security” by opposing $1.5 billion to help build a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border, one of Trump’s top campaign pledges.
Democrats have said they would not support legislation that ends federal subsidies to help low-income people buy health insurance under the Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare.
The healthcare law was former Democratic President Barack Obama’s signature domestic policy achievement, which Republicans are trying to repeal and replace.
On Sunday, Democrats called for Trump to stop making “poison pill” demands.
Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said negotiations between Democrats and Republicans in both the House of Representatives and the Senate were “going quite well” and that he was hopeful a deal could be reached.
“The only fly in the ointment is that the president is being a little heavy handed, and mixing in and asking for things such as the wall,” Schumer told reporters.
“We’d ask him to let us do our work, not throw in some last-minute poison pills that could undo it, and we could get this done,” he said.
Trump wants money for the wall included in spending legislation that Congress must pass by Friday to keep the federal government operating through Sept. 30, when the 2017 fiscal year expires.
Mulvaney and White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus played down the danger of a shutdown. Mulvaney said talks between Republicans and Democrats could produce an agreement as early as Sunday.
“I’m pretty confident we’re going to get something that’s satisfactory to the president in regard to border security within the current negotiations,” Priebus said on NBC’s “Meet the Press.”
Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said Trump had been clear about his desire for a wall. “I would suspect he will be insistent on the funding,” he told CNN’s “State of the Union.”

TAX REFORM: PRINCIPLES BUT NO PLAN
The White House is expected to address another Trump campaign promise this week with a Wednesday announcement on tax reform that Mulvaney said would offer “governing principles, some guidance, also some indication of what the rates will be.”
But he said basic elements of the plan remained undecided, including whether to have deficit-funded tax cuts that would not be permanent. “You can either have a small tax cut that’s permanent, or a large tax cut that is short term,” he said.
In a tweet on Saturday, Trump promised that a “Big TAX REFORM AND TAX REDUCTION will be announced next Wednesday.”
Legislative text on tax reform is not expected until June, Mulvaney said.
Spending legislation will require Democratic support to clear the Senate, and the White House says it has offered to include $7 billion in Obamacare subsidies to help low-income Americans pay for health insurance, if Democrats accept funding for the wall.
Democrats showed no sign of softening their opposition to wall funding on Sunday and sought to place responsibility for any shutdown squarely on Trump and Republicans who control the House of Representatives and the Senate.
“The Democrats do not support the wall,” House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi told NBC’s “Meet the Press.” “The wall is, in my view, immoral, expensive, unwise.”
Senator Richard Durbin, an Illinois Democrat, called on Trump to “back off.”
“To think that he would consider shutting down the government of the United States of America over this outlandish proposal of a border wall … that would be the height of irresponsibility,” he told CNN.




ARTICLE
April 23, 2017
By Idrees Ali
DJIBOUTI (Reuters) – The United States is closely watching a recent increase in piracy off the coast of Somalia, a senior U.S. military official said on Sunday as Defense Secretary Jim Mattis visited an important military base in Djibouti.
The rise in piracy attacks has at least partially been driven by famine and drought in the region, the top U.S. military commander overseeing troops in Africa said during Mattis’ visit as part of a week-long trip to the Middle East and Africa.
The United States uses the base in Djibouti, a tiny country the size of Wales at the southern entrance to the Red Sea, as a launch pad for operations in Yemen and Somalia.
The sudden string of attacks by Somali pirates comes after years without a reported incident. Attacks peaked with 237 in 2011 but then declined steeply after ship owners improved security measures and international naval forces stepped up patrols.
This month has seen a new rash of attacks, with two ships captured and a third rescued by Indian and Chinese forces after the crew radioed for help and locked themselves in a safe room.
“The bottom line is there have been a half dozen or so(incidents),” Marine General Thomas Waldhauser said at a press conference standing alongside Mattis.
“We’re not ready to say there is a trend there yet but we’ll continue to watch,” he said, adding one reason for the increase was famine and droughts in the region since some vessels targeted were carrying food and oil.
According to the U.N. World Food Programme more than 20 million people from Nigeria, Somalia, South Sudan and Yemen are at risk of dying from starvation within the next six months.
In South Sudan alone, more than 100,000 people are suffering from famine with a further million on the brink of starvation.
Mattis added that while the situation was being watched, he did not expect a U.S. military response to the surge in piracy.
A U.S. defense official, speaking on the condition of anonymity, said international shipping companies had started to become complacent about their security, which could also help explain the rise in piracy incidents.

MILITANCY IN THE REGION
Djibouti is strategically important as it is on the route to the Suez Canal. The barren nation, sandwiched between Ethiopia, Eritrea and Somalia, also hosts Japanese and French bases.
The U.S. base, which has about 4,000 personnel, is located just miles from a Chinese one, still under construction, which has caused concern to some U.S. officials.
Mattis’ visit to the base comes as the United States has been increasing pressure on militant groups such as al Shabaab in the region.
The White House recently granted the U.S. military broader authority to strike al Qaeda-linked al Shabaab militants in Somalia.
Waldhauser told reporters that he had not yet used the new authorities given to him by the White House.
Al Shabaab has been able to carry out deadly bombings despite losing most of its territory to African Union peacekeepers supporting the Somali government.
On Sunday, a military vehicle hit a roadside bomb in Somalia’s semi autonomous Puntland region on Sunday, killing at least six soldiers and injuring another eight.
The United States recently sent a few dozen troops to Somalia to help train members of the Somali National Army.
It is also carrying out strikes in Yemen against al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP).
AQAP boasts one of the world’s most feared bomb makers, Ibrahim Hassan al-Asiri, and it has been a persistent concern to the U.S. government ever since a 2009 attempt to blow up a Detroit-bound airliner on Christmas Day.




ARTICLE
April 23, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump warned Democrats on Sunday that Obamacare was in trouble and would die without government funding, apparently referring to the possibility of ending federal subsidies to help lower-income people buy health insurance.
“Obamacare is in serious trouble. The Dems need big money to keep it going – otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought,” Trump said in a Twitter post. Republicans want to repeal the 2010 Affordable Care Act but have not agreed on a replacement.




ARTICLE
April 23, 2017
By Joseph Ax
NEW YORK (Reuters) – Hillary Clinton, who until recently had avoided the spotlight in the wake of her election defeat in November, made a surprise appearance at New York’s Tribeca Film Festival on Saturday as a panelist to discuss illegal elephant poaching.
The discussion followed the premiere of Academy Award-winning director Kathryn Bigelow’s virtual reality documentary “The Protectors: Walk in the Rangers’ Shoes.” The eight-minute film allows viewers to experience what it is like to work as a park ranger trying to save elephants in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
“We’ve got to bust this market,” Clinton said of the global ivory trade.
The unexpected public appearance on Earth Day was one of several Clinton has made recently, following a period of silence after the former Democratic presidential candidate lost the November election to President Donald Trump.
Clinton said she first began focusing on the “horrific slaughter” of elephants when she was secretary of state and later helped launch an anti-poaching initiative at her family’s nonprofit Clinton Global Initiative.
More than 30,000 elephants are killed by poachers every year in Africa.
In addition to endangering vulnerable elephant populations, trafficking also provides financial support to extremist militant groups, Clinton said.
“When we were looking at this, we thought there were three overriding goals: stop the killing, stop the trafficking and stop the demand,” she said.
While China is the world’s biggest market for illegal ivory, the United States ranks No. 2, Clinton said, requiring Americans to take a leading role in fighting elephant poaching.
Clinton also mentioned the March for Science, which took place in Washington and other cities around the world earlier on Saturday. The Earth Day event was in effect a protest against what critics say has been the Trump administration’s disregard for evidence-based knowledge and research.
“Here it is, Earth Day, and we are marching on behalf of science,” Clinton said to applause in the theater.
In early April, Clinton granted her first interview since her defeat by Trump, breaking her silence at the Women in the World Summit in New York. In front of a live audience, she voiced support for U.S. bombing raids on Syrian airfields and said Russian interference in the presidential election was a theft more damaging than Watergate.




ARTICLE
April 23, 2017
By Joseph Ax
NEW YORK (Reuters) – Hillary Clinton, who until recently had avoided the spotlight in the wake of her election defeat in November, made a surprise appearance at New York’s Tribeca Film Festival on Saturday as a panelist to discuss illegal elephant poaching.
The discussion followed the premiere of Academy Award-winning director Kathryn Bigelow’s virtual reality documentary “The Protectors: Walk in the Rangers’ Shoes.” The eight-minute film allows viewers to experience what it is like to work as a park ranger trying to save elephants in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
“We’ve got to bust this market,” Clinton said of the global ivory trade.
The unexpected public appearance on Earth Day was one of several Clinton has made recently, following a period of silence after the former Democratic presidential candidate lost the November election to President Donald Trump.
Clinton said she first began focusing on the “horrific slaughter” of elephants when she was secretary of state and later helped launch an anti-poaching initiative at her family’s nonprofit Clinton Global Initiative.
More than 30,000 elephants are killed by poachers every year in Africa.
In addition to endangering vulnerable elephant populations, trafficking also provides financial support to extremist militant groups, Clinton said.
“When we were looking at this, we thought there were three overriding goals: stop the killing, stop the trafficking and stop the demand,” she said.
While China is the world’s biggest market for illegal ivory, the United States ranks No. 2, Clinton said, requiring Americans to take a leading role in fighting elephant poaching.
Clinton also mentioned the March for Science, which took place in Washington and other cities around the world earlier on Saturday. The Earth Day event was in effect a protest against what critics say has been the Trump administration’s disregard for evidence-based knowledge and research.
“Here it is, Earth Day, and we are marching on behalf of science,” Clinton said to applause in the theater.
In early April, Clinton granted her first interview since her defeat by Trump, breaking her silence at the Women in the World Summit in New York. In front of a live audience, she voiced support for U.S. bombing raids on Syrian airfields and said Russian interference in the presidential election was a theft more damaging than Watergate.

April 23, 2017
By Joseph Ax
NEW YORK (Reuters) – Hillary Clinton, who until recently had avoided the spotlight in the wake of her election defeat in November, made a surprise appearance at New York’s Tribeca Film Festival on Saturday as a panelist to discuss illegal elephant poaching.
The discussion followed the premiere of Academy Award-winning director Kathryn Bigelow’s virtual reality documentary “The Protectors: Walk in the Rangers’ Shoes.” The eight-minute film allows viewers to experience what it is like to work as a park ranger trying to save elephants in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
“We’ve got to bust this market,” Clinton said of the global ivory trade.
The unexpected public appearance on Earth Day was one of several Clinton has made recently, following a period of silence after the former Democratic presidential candidate lost the November election to President Donald Trump.
Clinton said she first began focusing on the “horrific slaughter” of elephants when she was secretary of state and later helped launch an anti-poaching initiative at her family’s nonprofit Clinton Global Initiative.
More than 30,000 elephants are killed by poachers every year in Africa.
In addition to endangering vulnerable elephant populations, trafficking also provides financial support to extremist militant groups, Clinton said.
“When we were looking at this, we thought there were three overriding goals: stop the killing, stop the trafficking and stop the demand,” she said.
While China is the world’s biggest market for illegal ivory, the United States ranks No. 2, Clinton said, requiring Americans to take a leading role in fighting elephant poaching.
Clinton also mentioned the March for Science, which took place in Washington and other cities around the world earlier on Saturday. The Earth Day event was in effect a protest against what critics say has been the Trump administration’s disregard for evidence-based knowledge and research.
“Here it is, Earth Day, and we are marching on behalf of science,” Clinton said to applause in the theater.
In early April, Clinton granted her first interview since her defeat by Trump, breaking her silence at the Women in the World Summit in New York. In front of a live audience, she voiced support for U.S. bombing raids on Syrian airfields and said Russian interference in the presidential election was a theft more damaging than Watergate.




ARTICLE
April 23, 2017
By Joseph Ax
NEW YORK (Reuters) – Hillary Clinton, who until recently had avoided the spotlight in the wake of her election defeat in November, made a surprise appearance at New York’s Tribeca Film Festival on Saturday as a panelist to discuss illegal elephant poaching.
The discussion followed the premiere of Academy Award-winning director Kathryn Bigelow’s virtual reality documentary “The Protectors: Walk in the Rangers’ Shoes.” The eight-minute film allows viewers to experience what it is like to work as a park ranger trying to save elephants in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
“We’ve got to bust this market,” Clinton said of the global ivory trade.
The unexpected public appearance on Earth Day was one of several Clinton has made recently, following a period of silence after the former Democratic presidential candidate lost the November election to President Donald Trump.
Clinton said she first began focusing on the “horrific slaughter” of elephants when she was secretary of state and later helped launch an anti-poaching initiative at her family’s nonprofit Clinton Global Initiative.
More than 30,000 elephants are killed by poachers every year in Africa.
In addition to endangering vulnerable elephant populations, trafficking also provides financial support to extremist militant groups, Clinton said.
“When we were looking at this, we thought there were three overriding goals: stop the killing, stop the trafficking and stop the demand,” she said.
While China is the world’s biggest market for illegal ivory, the United States ranks No. 2, Clinton said, requiring Americans to take a leading role in fighting elephant poaching.
Clinton also mentioned the March for Science, which took place in Washington and other cities around the world earlier on Saturday. The Earth Day event was in effect a protest against what critics say has been the Trump administration’s disregard for evidence-based knowledge and research.
“Here it is, Earth Day, and we are marching on behalf of science,” Clinton said to applause in the theater.
In early April, Clinton granted her first interview since her defeat by Trump, breaking her silence at the Women in the World Summit in New York. In front of a live audience, she voiced support for U.S. bombing raids on Syrian airfields and said Russian interference in the presidential election was a theft more damaging than Watergate.

April 23, 2017
By Joseph Ax
NEW YORK (Reuters) – Hillary Clinton, who until recently had avoided the spotlight in the wake of her election defeat in November, made a surprise appearance at New York’s Tribeca Film Festival on Saturday as a panelist to discuss illegal elephant poaching.
The discussion followed the premiere of Academy Award-winning director Kathryn Bigelow’s virtual reality documentary “The Protectors: Walk in the Rangers’ Shoes.” The eight-minute film allows viewers to experience what it is like to work as a park ranger trying to save elephants in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
“We’ve got to bust this market,” Clinton said of the global ivory trade.
The unexpected public appearance on Earth Day was one of several Clinton has made recently, following a period of silence after the former Democratic presidential candidate lost the November election to President Donald Trump.
Clinton said she first began focusing on the “horrific slaughter” of elephants when she was secretary of state and later helped launch an anti-poaching initiative at her family’s nonprofit Clinton Global Initiative.
More than 30,000 elephants are killed by poachers every year in Africa.
In addition to endangering vulnerable elephant populations, trafficking also provides financial support to extremist militant groups, Clinton said.
“When we were looking at this, we thought there were three overriding goals: stop the killing, stop the trafficking and stop the demand,” she said.
While China is the world’s biggest market for illegal ivory, the United States ranks No. 2, Clinton said, requiring Americans to take a leading role in fighting elephant poaching.
Clinton also mentioned the March for Science, which took place in Washington and other cities around the world earlier on Saturday. The Earth Day event was in effect a protest against what critics say has been the Trump administration’s disregard for evidence-based knowledge and research.
“Here it is, Earth Day, and we are marching on behalf of science,” Clinton said to applause in the theater.
In early April, Clinton granted her first interview since her defeat by Trump, breaking her silence at the Women in the World Summit in New York. In front of a live audience, she voiced support for U.S. bombing raids on Syrian airfields and said Russian interference in the presidential election was a theft more damaging than Watergate.




ARTICLE
April 23, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump warned Democrats on Sunday that Obamacare was in trouble and would die without government funding, apparently referring to the possibility of ending federal subsidies to help lower-income people buy health insurance.
“Obamacare is in serious trouble. The Dems need big money to keep it going – otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought,” Trump said in a Twitter post. Republicans want to repeal the 2010 Affordable Care Act but have not agreed on a replacement.




ARTICLE
April 23, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump warned Democrats on Sunday that Obamacare was in trouble and would die without government funding, apparently referring to the possibility of ending federal subsidies to help lower-income people buy health insurance.
“Obamacare is in serious trouble. The Dems need big money to keep it going – otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought,” Trump said in a Twitter post. Republicans want to repeal the 2010 Affordable Care Act but have not agreed on a replacement.




ARTICLE
April 23, 2017
By Luciana Lopez
NEW YORK (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump reassured manufacturers gathered in the White House Roosevelt room on March 31 that a massive infrastructure program was coming soon.
“We’re going to make it happen” this year, he said, according to Drew Greenblatt, the president of Marlin Steel in Baltimore, who was present. “That was actually the first thing that he talked about behind closed doors with us,” Greenblatt added.
But putting a trillion-dollar infrastructure program to work could be easier said than done, as some of the projects suggested to the administration underscore. 
Project lists submitted by the North America’s Building Trades Unions and by an outside developer who helped with the transition both contain projects that infrastructure builders call “shovel ready.”
But, for a range of reasons, shovel ready does not always mean ready for shovels to break ground. That means any effort to jump-start projects, put people to work and inject economic stimulus could drag on Trump’s promise for a 10-year, $1 trillion infrastructure project
After North America’s Building Trades Unions (NABTU) president Sean McGarvey met with Trump on January 23, the group submitted a total of 26 bridge, pipeline and water projects. A second list of 51 projects was assembled by Ohio developer Dan Slane, who assisted with the transition, including everything from inland waterways to ports to a new FBI headquarters.
While details on Trump’s plans are scant, a senior administration official said they’re looking for ways to shorten the lengthy permitting process.
“The current system has just lost its way,” he said.
Nine projects have garnered the support of both Slane and the NABTU, appearing on both lists; of those, seven have yet to start construction, and one has only done preliminary construction, highlighting how hard it is to launch infrastructure projects as quickly as Trump wants to do.
“The shovel ready moniker that they put on projects, it’s just rarely applicable,” said Bill Miller, president and chief executive of two companies that overlap the two lists. The Power Company of Wyoming LLC is building the Chokecherry and Sierra Madre Wind Energy Project, and TransWest Express LLC is developing the TransWest Express Transmission Project, crossing Wyoming, Colorado, Utah and Nevada.
The Chokecherry and Sierra Madre wind project, which is being built in part on federal land, took eight years and “tens of millions of dollars” before it could recently start construction. The TransWest Express transmission project is still waiting for several state-level permits, Miller said.
“To be shovel ready is incredibly expensive and time consuming,” Miller added.
The administration says it wants to get ground broken fast. But some of that just might be out of the president’s hands, such as state-level permitting.
“A significant part of the president’s infrastructure plan will focus on streamlining regulating and permitting so that it is easier for all viable projects to move forward in a timely manner. These reforms might not be driven by the hurdles facing a single project, but rather will create more certainty in the process overall,” a White House spokesperson told Reuters.
   
SEAWATER TO DRINKING WATER PLANT HITS THE ROCKS
The delays that have beset a desalination plant proposed by Poseidon Water, a developer of water-related infrastructure, in Huntington Beach, California illustrate how clashing interests and regulations can hold up projects.
Poseidon first proposed the idea of a plant to turn salt water into drinking water for Orange County in the late 1990s and started permitting in the early 2000s, said Scott Maloni, a vice president at Poseidon and the Huntington Beach project manager.
The city of Huntington Beach originally approved the project in February 2006. But Poseidon still needed to secure 24 permits from state agencies, such as approval from the Santa Ana Regional Water Quality Control Board for the plant’s national pollutant discharge elimination system, which is required by the Environmental Protection Agency.
After the city issued the necessary local approvals in 2006, project builder Poseidon was able to apply to the California Coastal Commission. 
That application was amended several times over the years as the project evolved. For example, the plant had to alter its design after the state began phasing out power plants that use seawater for cooling purposes. Poseidon had planned to desalinate that wastewater, and changed its design to instead take in water directly from the ocean instead.
In 2013, Poseidon shelved the permit application after the state’s coastal commission directed the company to look into concerns about the effects of the operation on fish larva in the area. 
The application was resubmitted in 2015, and then withdrawn yet again in September 2016, because the commission wanted proof the plans complied with new, 2015-passed rules from the State Water Board on desalination plants.
That compelled Poseidon to redesign the plant’s seawater intake and discharge technologies.
The project still needs three more approvals, from the State Lands Commission, the Santa Ana Regional Water Quality Control Board and the California Coastal Commission.
Poseidon says they’re confident they’ll secure the last approvals soon. But even then, construction might not start until the second quarter of 2018, Maloni said.
And the objections from environmentalists haven’t stopped. 
The plant is “far from a done deal,” said Mandy Sackett, the California policy coordinator for the Surfrider Foundation. The foundation argues that the plant is unnecessary, expensive and energy-intensive, putting marine life at risk. Sackett said the foundation will continue to fight the project.
“There’s still several opportunities for public input and important regulatory review that is yet to be completed,” she said.




ARTICLE
April 22, 2017
By Ginger Gibson
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – President Donald Trump’s promised “big announcement” next week on overhauling the U.S. tax code, a top campaign pledge, will consist of “broad principles and priorities,” an administration official said on Saturday.
The president unexpectedly said on Friday at a Treasury Department event that there would be “a big announcement on Wednesday having to do with tax reform.”
In a Twitter message on Saturday, he wrote: “Big TAX REFORM AND TAX REDUCTION will be announced next Wednesday.”
Asked for details, the administration official, who asked not to be identified, said, “We will outline our broad principles and priorities” on Wednesday.
Trump has struggled as president to advance his domestic policy agenda, including on taxes, even though his Republican Party controls both chambers of Congress. With his 100th day in office only a week away, he has yet to offer any formal legislation or win passage of a major bill he favors.
Most recent presidents had legislative wins under their belts by this time in their administrations.
Under U.S. law, only Congress can make significant tax law changes, though the president often drives the tax agenda by offering legislation. The administration official said, “We are moving forward on comprehensive tax reform that cuts tax rates for individuals, simplifies our overly complicated system and creates jobs by making American businesses competitive.”
As a candidate, Trump raised high expectations in financial markets and the business community for changes in the complex, loophole-riddled tax system. In his “Contract with the American Voter,” he vowed to work with Congress on tax legislation “within the first 100 days of my administration.” The action plan promised large tax cuts for the middle class and businesses, a reduction of tax brackets to three from seven, simplified tax forms and an offshore profits repatriation tax holiday.
Since then, no legislation or formal tax plan has been presented by Trump. He has at times expressed support for a plan drawn up by House of Representatives Republicans, but his views are unclear on a section that deals with taxing imports.
In February, Trump promised a “phenomenal” tax plan within a few weeks, without offering details. No plan followed.
Last month when an attempt supported by Trump to repeal the healthcare law known as Obamacare collapsed in Congress, Trump said he would refocus on taxes.
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Thursday he expected Congress to approve a tax plan this year.




ARTICLE
April 22, 2017
By David Ingram
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) – The U.S. Homeland Security Department’s inspector general said on Friday he was investigating possible abuse of authority in a case that triggered a lawsuit against the department by Twitter Inc <TWTR.N>.
Inspector General John Roth described the probe in a letter to Senator Ron Wyden, an Oregon Democrat who had asked for an investigation due to concerns about free speech protections.
In a lawsuit on April 6, Twitter disclosed that it received a summons in March from the U.S. Bureau of Customs and Border Protection, an agency within Homeland Security, demanding records about an account on the social media platform identified by the handle @ALT_uscis.
The account has featured posts critical of President Donald Trump’s immigration policies, leading Twitter to complain in  its lawsuit that the summons was an unlawful attempt to suppress dissent.
The agency dropped its demand of Twitter the day after the suit was filed.
Customs bureau spokesman Mike Friel said on Friday that the bureau requested the inspector general’s review and will fully support it.
The people behind the Twitter account have not disclosed their identities, but the use of “ALT” with a government agency acronym has led many to assume government employees were behind the tweets critical of Trump.
The lawsuit said the account “claims to be” the work of at least one federal immigration employee. USCIS is the acronym of United States Citizenship and Immigration Services, a component of Homeland Security.
Roth’s office is charged with investigating waste, fraud and abuse within Homeland Security. He wrote in his letter that he was looking at whether the summons to Twitter “was improper in any way, including whether CBP abused its authority.”
“DHS OIG is also reviewing potential broader misuse of summons authority at the department,” he added.
Wyden’s office posted the letter online. A representative for Roth could not immediately be reached for comment. A Twitter spokeswoman declined to comment.




ARTICLE
April 22, 2017
By David Morgan
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – President Donald Trump on Friday promised a big announcement about tax reform next week and ordered an administration review of Obama-era tax rules written to discourage U.S. companies from relocating overseas to cut their tax bills.
“We’ll be having a big announcement on Wednesday having to do with tax reform. The process has begun long ago, but it really formally begins on Wednesday,” Trump said during a visit to the U.S. Treasury Department.
First reported in an Associated Press interview with Trump, the news came as a surprise to lobbyists and congressional aides who had no idea what Trump’s announcement might include.
In February, Trump promised to release a “phenomenal” tax plan within a few weeks, without offering details. But none emerged.
A White House official said the impending announcement could come later than Wednesday, adding: “The president was saying what we’ve been saying all along, that he wants to do tax reform as quickly as possible while still doing it right.”
Trump’s latest comments got a warm reception from the Republican tax chief in the House of Representatives.
“I appreciate the president’s leadership and strong commitment to comprehensive tax reform,” House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady said in a statement.
Brady added that the panel’s Republican members “are ready to work with President Trump and his team.”
During the 2016 election campaign, Trump initially issued a plan that proposed deep cuts in tax rates for individuals and corporations, a reduction in the number of tax brackets to four from seven, repeal of the estate tax, an offshore profits repatriation tax holiday for multinationals and a cap on the deductibility of business interest. He later revised the number of tax brackets to three.
The plan partly resembled one developed by House Speaker Paul Ryan.
Trump on Friday also signed an executive order directing the Treasury to review tax-related regulations adopted over the past 18 months under former President Barack Obama.
Asked if that would include rules against tax-driven foreign corporate deals known as inversions, Mnuchin said: “It’s one of the significant things and one of the things we would be looking at.”
Trump and Republicans in Congress view tax reform as the best vehicle for eliminating what they say are tax incentives for U.S. companies to move their headquarters, manufacturing facilities and jobs overseas.





ARTICLE
April 21, 2017

TAXES AND REGULATIONS
Trump promises a big announcement about tax reform next week and orders an administration review of Obama-era tax rules written to discourage U.S. companies from relocating overseas to cut their tax bills.
Trump tells the Treasury Department to examine two powers given to regulators to police large financial companies following the 2008 financial crisis.

NORTH KOREA
South Korea says it is on heightened alert ahead of another important anniversary in North Korea, with a large concentration of military hardware amassed on both sides of the border amid concerns about a new nuclear test by Pyongyang.

HEALTHCARE
Trump, striving to make good on a top campaign promise, is pushing fellow Republicans who control Congress to pass revamped healthcare legislation but the same intraparty squabbling that torpedoed it last month could do it again.

SYRIA
Defense Secretary Jim Mattis says Syria has dispersed its warplanes in recent days and that it retains chemical weapons, an issue he says will have to be taken up diplomatically.

SANCTUARY CITIES
The Department of Justice threatens to cut off funding to California as well as eight cities and counties across the United States, escalating a Trump administration crackdown on so-called “sanctuary cities” that do not cooperate with federal immigration authorities.

EXXON MOBIL
The United States will not make an exception for American companies, including oil major Exxon Mobil Corp, seeking to drill in areas prohibited by U.S. sanctions on Russia, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin says.

GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN
Trump and his fellow Republicans who control Congress face their first major budget test next week, with the threat of a government shutdown potentially hinging on his proposed Mexican border wall as well as Obamacare funding.

RUSSIA
The House of Representatives Intelligence Committee says it has invited FBI, National Security Agency and Obama administration officials to testify as it restarts its investigation into alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. election.

UNITED NATIONS
U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres meets with Trump at the White House for the first time since both took office earlier this year and amid a U.S. push to cut funding to the world body and its agencies.

MEXICAN HEROIN
The United States has offered to help fund Mexico’s efforts to eradicate opium poppies, a U.S. official says, as Mexican heroin output increased again last year.




ARTICLE
April 21, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – President Donald Trump, signing executive orders calling for a re-examination of some Obama-era financial regulations, said on Friday he would have a major tax reform announcement next week.
“We’ll be having a big announcement on Wednesday having to do with tax reform. The process has begun long ago but the reform will begin on Wednesday,” Trump said at the U.S. Treasury Department.





ARTICLE
April 21, 2017
By Lisa Lambert
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump will order the Treasury on Friday to find and reduce tax burdens and review post-financial crisis reforms that banks and insurance companies have said hinder their ability to do business.
A White House official said on Thursday that Trump will issue an executive order directing the Treasury on the tax issues. He will also issue two memoranda asking for reviews of two parts of the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law –  the Orderly Liquidation Authority that sets out how big banks can wind down during a crisis and the Financial Stability Oversight Council (FSOC), which is made up of the country’s top regulators.
The orders, which Trump will sign at the Treasury Department, next door to the White House, comes as the president works toward making good on a major campaign promise to lower taxes.
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin will review significant tax regulations issued in 2016 to determine if any impose an undue financial burden on American taxpayers, add undue complexity or exceed statutory authority, the official’s statement said.
Mnuchin said earlier on Thursday that Treasury is working on tax reform “day and night” and will soon create a sweeping overhaul.
Congress recently failed in efforts to make good another Trump campaign promise to reform healthcare.
House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said this week that the country’s first tax overhaul in decades may not be done until well into 2017. The review that Trump is ordering gives the administration a way to approach the issue independent of Congress.
The liquidation authority and the FSOC were both created as part of the Dodd-Frank law intended to prevent a repeat of the 2007-09 financial crisis, when the U.S. government injected billions of dollars in aid into failing banks to keep them from destroying the country’s economy.
In February Trump ordered a review of the law, saying he wanted to cut out much of it, and Mnuchin has said he would like to look into how the council, which he chairs, works.
House Republicans are also working to loosen Dodd-Frank regulations. Banks say the regulations have hurt their liquidity and created burdensome processes.
Trump will order an assessment of how the FSOC designates a financial institution as “systemically important,” which triggers requirements to hold more capital in case it comes into crisis.
Republican lawmakers say the FSOC uses a flawed process lacking transparency to designate non-bank institutions. Only two insurers, American International Group Inc and Prudential Financial Inc, currently carry the label, and a judge last year struck down the council’s designation of MetLife Inc.
Mnuchin will have 180 days to report to Trump on the liquidation authority, a tool for federal banking regulators to use if they need to step in during a financial emergency and help a failing bank unwind. The report will offer views on using bankruptcy as an alternative, the impact of failing companies on financial stability, and whether the authority could drive up taxpayer costs or encourage excessive risk-taking.




ARTICLE
April 21, 2017
New York, NY – Claire Hardwick, OAN Political Correspondent
The United Nations Security Council held a meeting on the situation in the Middle East on Thursday, and certain permanent members of the Security Council said they are still dedicated to finding the source of the alleged use of chemical attacks in in Syria.
While the Russian Federation vetoed the Syrian resolution that would allow a thorough investigation into the source of the chemical attacks, the United Kingdom Ambassador to the UN said despite opposition, there is evidence that points to the Syrian regime’s use of chemical weapons.
“What we now have as a result of the OPCW investigating and from the statement of the OPCW Director General, we now know that they too have concluded that sarin or a sarin type substance was used to kill the victims, so the only conclusion that is possible to draw is that it is almost certain that it was the Syrian regime that carried out this despicable attack,” Ambassador Matthew Rycroft said.
Ambassador Rycroft said  the UK will continue to insist on a proper investigation by the OPCW.
And when the time comes, a joint investigation will take place to attribute accountability.



ARTICLE
April 21, 2017
Washington, DC – John Hines, OAN Political Correspondent
There have been many twists and turns in the health care debate, but now it appears that there may be compromise language at hand to satisfy the House Freedom Caucus and more moderate members of the Tuesday Group.
“So we are potentially going to see a new vote on a new health care bill, not the American Health Care Act, which was the failed bill originally offered by Speaker Paul Ryan that was unable to garner enough Republican support to pass the House of Representatives.  What’s happened since then after they pulled the bill is Chairman Mark Meadows (R-NC) the Chairman of the House Freedom Caucus and Tom MacArthur, who is a Congressman from New Jersey and he’s the Co-chairman of the moderate Tuesday Group that’s basically the Freedom Caucus for the moderate guys.  So Tom MacArthur and Mark Meadows have gotten together and negotiated out a fix that… a new bill…a series of compromises from both sides that likely could pass the House of Representatives,” says Matt Boyle, Washington Political Editor for Breitbart News.
The compromise between that has been struck seems to center around something called “Essential Health Benefits,” which was a provision of Obamacare that required certain health benefits to be offered in all states in all health care plans, and it is what many blame for increasing Obamacare’s costs.
“The big thing that you’d hear from the Freedom Caucus that they are most concerned with—and this would be the same thing you would hear from conservatives in the US Senate—guys like Tom Cotton, Ted Cruz, Rand Paul, Mike Lee,—all raised concerns with the Ryan bill as well.  The reason why they were raising concerns is because of the fact that the Ryan bill originally wouldn’t have lowered people’s health care premiums.  This new bill is designed to do that and it’s designed to give states from what we are seeing off of early reports—But we are hoping that will actually give the states the flexibility to custom craft market driven programs to lower people’s premiums.  Because that was the big problem with Obamacare—was that despite the title “The Affordable Care Act” it was anything but affordable,” Boyle explained.
And Flexibility for individual states may be the key says Boyle, because many members of the House Freedom Caucus believe this is the best way to ensure lower costs.
“That is the number one goal of House Republicans—especially conservatives—so they are paying less for health insurance, but they still have health insurance.  And so that’s the impetus here.  That’s the key thing that these guys are negotiating on.  The reason why there is a chance for success right now is because of the fact that the Chairman of the House Freedom Caucus—Mark Meadows—and the Co-chairman of the Tuesday Group have gotten together.  Paul Ryan had taken a step back.  He’s not been really involved in this.  And so as long as Paul Ryan stays out of the picture here, they have a chance of passing an Obamacare repeal and replace and following through on President Trump’s campaign promise to repeal and replace Obamacare, and they might even be able to do it in the first 100 days,” Boyle observes.
So a health care bill left for dead a few weeks ago, may yet become the signature achievement of the GOP in the first one hundred days of the Trump Administration, says Boyle.
“Potentially as early as this weekend, we could get text of the legislation and potentially next week there could be a vote.  I think they are still working out the specifics.  They learned the hard way the first time around that you can’t just ram something like this through.  You need to make sure you have buy in from all the different sides of the Republican Conference.  You can’t just throw a bill out there and expect everybody to support it just because Paul Ryan says to support it,” Boyle explains.



ARTICLE
April 21, 2017
By Nandita Bose
CHICAGO (Reuters) – Target Corp <TGT.N>, Wal-Mart Stores Inc <WMT.N> and other retailers are shelving considerations to move supply bases closer to the United States in the face of a possible border tax, banking instead on killing support for the tax idea in Congress.
President Donald Trump’s push to impose a tax on imports, such as the 20 percent levy initiated by House Republicans, could raise U.S. consumer prices by as much as 25 percent, industry officials said. Last week, the President said he favored an ‘import tax’ that could be adjusted to reflect the country of origin’s tax rate for U.S. products.
The decision by retailers to forestall supply chain investment in countries such as Bolivia and Romania to focus on lobbying Congress shows how Trump’s ambitious agenda has instilled a new level of risk operating outside U.S. borders. But the vagueness around the tax proposals and whether they may ever be implemented means retail industry executives are still not willing to change their operating infrastructure.
The Retail Industry Leaders Association, which is leading the industry lobbying effort, has conducted 140 meetings with lawmakers since December, focusing on the costs of a new tax and encouraging lawmakers who oppose the tax.
Prospects for a quick passage of a tax bill took a hit last month when the Republican attempt to overhaul the national healthcare law failed to get a vote in the U.S. House of Representatives. Trump and Republican leaders have said they still intend to pass a healthcare reform law first, casting further doubt on when Congress may consider tax reform.
The border tax proposal likely will be “as messy as the healthcare bill,” according to Brian Dodge, senior executive vice-president of public affairs for the retail lobby group.
Target, for one, thinks the industry’s lobbying efforts are succeeding.
“We are working on educating lawmakers and President Trump hasn’t embraced it yet, so we definitely think we are making progress,” a senior company official at Target said on condition of anonymity.
There is good reason for retailers to fight the tax idea. RBC Capital Markets forecast such a levy could reduce profits of six large U.S. retailers by as much as $13 billion in its first year, with Wal-Mart alone seeing its federal tax bill jump to $16.6 billion from $6.6 billion. For a graphic please click http://tmsnrt.rs/2oVlOPB
Best Buy Co Inc <BBY.N>, which relies heavily on electronics imports, could see its earnings completely wiped out, RBC warned. Best Buy declined to comment.
Firms with less exposure to overseas suppliers – ranging from off-price chains like TJX Cos <TJX.N> and Ross Stores <ROST.O> to cosmetics seller Ulta Beauty <ULTA.O> – would feel less impact than heavy importers like Wal-Mart, Target and Costco Wholesale Corp <COST.O>, analysts and consultants said.
TJX Companies and Ulta Beauty declined comment. Ross Stores and Costco did not respond to requests seeking comment.
Steve Osburn, director of supply chain for retail consultancy Kurt Salmon, said it is more cost effective to spend on lobbying than on supply chain relocation at this point. Retailers also have other investment needs, especially around winning consumers who want to shop from home.
“They are putting a lot of money in e-commerce initiatives to compete online so there are not a lot of funds to spare,” he said.
One outlier is luxury handbag maker Rebecca Minkoff, which sells its own products and supplies other retailers, like Nordstrom Inc <JWN.N> and Amazon.com Inc <AMZN.O>.
The prospect of a U.S. border tax factored into its recent decision to supply U.S. customers from Europe as it mitigates logistics costs to supply to the United States, according to Uri Minkoff, the firm’s founder and CEO.    “The process has intensified in the past six months,” said Minkoff.

WHERE THE SUPPLY CHAINS ARE
The decision to bank more on the lobby effort to kill support for the tax idea comes after retailers spent the last few months considering whether to move some of their production to supply bases like Bolivia, Brazil and other South American countries with low wage rates, as well as European countries like Hungary, Bulgaria and the Czech Republic, industry sources told Reuters.
A return to the United States was also a consideration, the sources said.
Shifting production from existing supply bases like China is costly, may involve intellectual property issues and disrupts long-term supply contracts, making it hard to plan and execute such moves, two industry sources said.
Consultants have told retailers they could mitigate shipping costs enough to offset any border tax, while avoiding the cost of moving production into the U.S, the sources said.
But so far they are not proceeding with major supply chain changes, according to retailers and industry consultants.
“Wal-Mart is not ready to spend money to deal with this,” said a supply chain consultant who works with the retailer but requested anonymity for fear of disrupting the firm’s relationship with Wal-Mart.     Wal-Mart has reviewed its options with supply chain consultants, but has not yet commissioned a concrete contingency plan, sources with direct knowledge of the matter said.        Wal-Mart declined comment.
Executives at smaller retailers and brands like Samsonite, Crate and Barrel and Steve Madden said there is little competitive impetus for action because they believe a border tax would hurt them and competitors equally.
Samsonite was studying reviving its U.S. manufacturing base, but is not close to taking action.
“Setting plans (based) on policy proposals that are yet to be implemented is not right,” Samsonite Chief Executive Officer Ramesh Tainwala told Reuters.          Minneapolis-based Target is limiting itself to conducting feasibility studies. “We just don’t want to get ahead of ourselves and invest capital,” the Target official said.    Target declined comment.




ARTICLE
April 21, 2017
Washington, DC – Kendall Forward, OAN Political Correspondent
One of Donald Trump’s newest Appointees just finished his first week on the job.  Former Washington State Senator, Don Benton was an early supporter of The President. He  managed  six  states during the campaign and served as Trump’s  political advisor.
Now, he’s the new Director  of the Selective Service System. “Everybody is coming to this administration with an enthusiasm and a commitment to return America to its greatness  in every aspect,” says Benton.
The department is in charge of the country’s draft. The U.S. hasn’t had one since the Vietnam War, but Benton’s motto: “Be prepared.” He says, “our job is to stand for and behind the all volunteer military. If they need us we need to be able to move into action quickly.”
Benton knows he, and all The President’s Appointees face criticism. But he also knows the president. When asked what President Trump looks for when choosing an Appointee, Benton answered: “Leadership. Leadership and the ability to make tough decisions. I think that’s what’s made him so successful in his life and a good leader he knows listens to their ground commanders.”
Benton is focusing on modernization and hunkering down on education and registration in the Department. He was first appointed to the E.P.A., before taking over his new role. He says one of the perks of this job — preparedness is something everyone in congress can agree on. “That’s the one good thing I have going for me,” jokes Benton. “There’s a lot of argument maybe at the E.P.A. about what to do about the climate, but I don’t think there’s much argument that the Selective Service should be ready to do its job.”



ARTICLE
April 21, 2017
Washington, D.C. – Trey Yingst, OAN Chief White House Correspondent
American citizen Aya Hijazi returned to the United States Thursday night after spending the last three years in an Egyptian prison.
According to a Senior White House official, her release was directly facilitated by President Trump.
The 30 year old native of Virginia was working for a nonprofit in 2014 when she was accused of human trafficking and taken into custody. Despite telling authorities that her job was to help street children, Hijazi was held without bail.
Multiple attempts were made during the Obama administration to negotiate her release, but all were unsuccessful. Her case was brought up earlier this month when Egyptian President el-Sisi visited the White House, but no updates were given on the status of negotiations under the new administration.
Today, with the help of President Trump, she is free.
“The President was directly involved,” a Senior Administration Official told One America News
Hijazi is expected to meet with President Trump on Friday at the White House.



ARTICLE
April 21, 2017

TRADE AND IMF
The Trump administration delivers a simple but stark message to world financial leaders who gathered in Washington amid worries about rising U.S. protectionism: fair trade means tit-for-tat tariffs.

NORTH KOREA
Trump praises Chinese efforts to rein in “the menace of North Korea” after North Korean state media warns the United States of a “super-mighty preemptive strike.”

U.S. STEEL
Trump moves against China and other exporters of cheap steel into the U.S. market, starting a federal investigation to determine whether foreign-made steel threatens U.S. steelmakers and national security.

IRAN
Iran and the United States trade barbs over the landmark 2015 nuclear deal with Trump accusing Tehran of not living up to the spirit of the accord and Iran’s top diplomat urging Washington to fulfill its own commitments.

RUSSIA
Russia dismisses as false a Reuters report saying a government think tank controlled by President Vladimir Putin  developed a plan to swing the 2016 U.S. presidential election to Trump.

U.S. ECONOMY
American economic growth will not achieve the administration’s 3 percent goal this year or next, even if some fiscal stimulus and changes to tax laws are implemented, according to economists in a Reuters poll.

TRADE WITH JAPAN
Japan has less room to compromise with the United States under a bilateral trade deal than under a multilateral agreement like the Trans-Pacific Partnership, its deputy prime minister says, taking a swipe at U.S. attempts to pressure Tokyo into opening heavily protected markets like agriculture.

TAXES AND REGULATION
Trump will sign on Friday an executive order on finding and reducing tax burdens and two memoranda ordering reviews of financial corporate regulations, a White House official says.
Top Trump advisers say his tax reform plan will rely largely on future revenue gains from faster economic growth to justify major tax cuts.

WHITE-COLLAR CRIME
A senior Justice Department official says the Trump administration will be persistent in prosecuting white-collar crimes despite giving a higher profile to tackling violent crime.

DAIRY TRADE
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau brushes off an attack by Trump on Canada’s system of dairy protections, saying every country defends its agricultural industries.

EGYPT
Defense Secretary Jim Mattis says he is optimistic about improving military ties with Egypt after talks in Cairo with President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, following a period of strain under the Obama administration.




ARTICLE
April 20, 2017
By Leah Schnurr and David Ljunggren
OTTAWA (Reuters) – Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on Thursday brushed off an attack by U.S. President Donald Trump on Canada’s system of dairy protections, saying every nation defended its agricultural industries.
Trudeau told Bloomberg Television that the United States in fact ran a dairy surplus with Canada. Trump took aim at Canada’s dairy industry this week and said on Thursday “what they’ve done to our dairy farm workers is a disgrace”.
Canada’s dairy sector is protected by high tariffs on imported products and controls on domestic production as a means of supporting prices that farmers receive.
Trudeau said the system “works very well” in Canada.
“Let’s not pretend we’re in a global free market when it comes to agriculture,” he said. “Every country protects, for good reason, its agricultural industries.”
Trump’s comments were the second time this week he has attacked Canada’s dairy industry and on Thursday he included the lumber, timber and energy sectors in a list of what he said were problematic areas of trade.
Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland, asked for a reaction, rejected the suggestion of wrongdoing.
“Canada strongly believes in a rules-based system of trade, and therefore always abides by and upholds the rules that govern trade,” she said in an e-mailed statement.
Trump said the United States will report in the next two weeks what it intends to do with the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), which he has promised to renegotiate.
The threat to get rid of or alter NAFTA is a potential problem for Canada, whose biggest trade partner is the United States.
Trudeau said he would not “overreact” and planned to move the trade conversation forward “in a way that both protects our consumers and our agricultural producers.” He also said he saw an opportunity to engage with the U.S. President.
“He has shown if he says one thing and actually hears good counter arguments or good reasons why he should shift his position, he will take a different position if it’s a better one, if the arguments win him over,” Trudeau said.
The two nations are embroiled in a long-standing dispute over exports of Canadian softwood lumber, which U.S. producers complain are unfairly subsidized.
“Our producers and workers have never been found in the wrong .. the United States needs Canadian lumber. A protracted dispute will only drive up the cost of wood and homes for U.S. consumers,” Freeland said.




ARTICLE
April 20, 2017
By Karen Freifeld
NEW YORK (Reuters) – The Trump administration will be persistent in prosecuting white collar crimes despite giving a higher profile to tackling violent crime, a senior Justice Department official said on Thursday.
Since taking office, U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions has repeatedly said federal law enforcement agencies would focus on aggressively targeting violent criminals, especially drug-trafficking gangs.
That focus led some legal observers to believe the government “no longer is interested in prosecuting white collar crime,” Trevor McFadden, a deputy assistant attorney general at the Justice Department, told a conference of anti-corruption lawyers in New York on Thursday.
“I intend to dispel that myth,” McFadden said.
He said it makes “perfect sense” to devote more resources to the fight against violent crime given an increase in murder rates in some areas of the country, but that the Justice Department would not neglect prosecuting corporate criminals.
He also said enforcement of laws against U.S. companies bribing overseas officials is “alive as ever”, although he added that federal prosecutors are not trying to “break our own records for the largest fines or longest prison sentences.”
“Our aim is to motivate companies and individuals voluntarily to comply with the law.”
Violent crime rose around 5 percent in the United States last year, but remained near the lowest levels in decades, according to data from the Federal Bureau of Investigation.




ARTICLE
April 20, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The Trump administration will unveil a tax reform plan very soon and expects it will be approved by Congress this year whether a healthcare overhaul happens or not, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Thursday.
“It will be soon, very soon,” Mnuchin told a conference on the sidelines of the IMF and World Bank spring meetings in Washington.
Mnuchin said the Treasury was working on tax reform options “day and night” but he gave few specifics. “It will be sweeping, it will be significant and it will create a lot of economic growth,” he said.
President Donald Trump campaigned on promises to lower taxes and boost economic growth. Trump, who took office in January, suffered a setback last month when the Republican-controlled Congress pulled a proposal to overhaul health care rules that would have generated savings for public coffers.
Trump has since said the administration will continue trying to replace health care legislation enacted by his predecessor, Barack Obama, though Mnuchin said tax reform will move forward even if health laws stay the same.
“Whether health care gets done or health care doesn’t get done, we’re going to get tax reform done,” he said,
Trump’s tax plan would lower rates but most of the revenue lost under that plank of the reform would be gained back by boosting economic growth, Mnuchin said. “The plan will pay for itself with growth.”




ARTICLE
April 20, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will meet with the foreign ministers of Southeast Asian countries on May 4 in Washington ahead of planned regional summits in November, a State Department official said on Thursday.
The foreign ministers of the 10-member Association of South East Asian Nations requested the meeting with Tillerson in an effort to engage with the new U.S. administration, said Patrick Murphy, the U.S. deputy assistant secretary of state for southeast Asia.
Tillerson and the ministers are likely to discuss trade, territorial claims in the South China Sea, trafficking, crime and other issues.




ARTICLE
April 20, 2017
Washington, D.C. – Trey Yingst, OAN Chief White House Correspondent
During a press conference with Italy’s Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni on Thursday, President Trump indicated that he plans to hold Iran accountable for failing to live up to the nuclear deal forged under the Obama administration.
The deal was put in place to reduce the nuclear capabilities of Iran. Each month the US government reviews how well the Iranians are doing and issues an internal update to the State Department.
While President Trump did not indicate the status of the most recent review, he said the Iranians are not fulfilling their end of the bargain.
“Iran has not lived up to the spirit of the agreement.  And they have to do that,” President Trump said.
During the campaign, then candidate Trump was an outspoken critic of the nuclear deal, saying that the Iranians would not actually be getting rid of their nuclear capabilities.
Standing alongside the Italian Prime Minister Thursday, Trump appeared to double down on his views surrounding the agreement.
“As far as Iran is concerned, I think they are doing a tremendous disservice to an agreement that was signed,” President Trump said.
In addition to discussing the issue of Iran, President Trump brought up the fight against ISIS, the G7 summit and Italy’s commitment to paying 2% of it’s GDP to NATO.
President Trump is slated to travel to Italy next month, where he will meet again with Gentiloni and other US allies from around the globe.
 
 



ARTICLE
April 20, 2017
By Doina Chiacu
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – A political newcomer who thrilled Democrats with a strong finish in a Georgia congressional race – despite attacks by President Donald Trump – will face an experienced Republican candidate in a June runoff election for a district long dominated by the party.
Democrat Jon Ossoff drew 48.1 percent of the vote in Tuesday’s special election, just shy of the 50 percent needed to win the most closely watched U.S. congressional race since Trump took office in January. Some saw the election, held to replace new Health Secretary Tom Price, as a test of the Republican president’s political strength.
Ossoff, 30, was the top vote getter in a field of 18 candidates, 11 of them Republicans, in a suburban Atlanta district that has sent Republicans to Congress since the 1970s. Republican Karen Handel, 55, a former Georgia secretary of state, won 19.8 percent, and will face Ossoff in the June 20  runoff.
The runoff presents a stiffer challenge. If Ossoff gets the support of the other Democratic candidates, he would have 49 percent, said Democratic National Committee Chairman Tom Perez.
However, Perez said the party would target up to 35,000 Democrats who voted in November’s presidential election but not on Tuesday.
“We have an army of volunteers,” he told CNN.
Handel, who said Trump called to congratulate her on Wednesday morning, dismissed Ossoff as a well-funded novice who would flounder as Republicans consolidated support behind a single candidate.
“We know that this is an important race, and it’s going to stay in the hands of a Republican,” Handel told CNN. “It is all Republicans, all hands on deck.”
Demographic changes have made Georgia’s affluent 6th Congressional District more competitive for Democrats.
Trump won the district by only 1.5 percentage points in November against Democrat Hillary Clinton, who drew support from its many college graduates.
Republican U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said the race showed how the South was changing. “This should be a wake-up call for the Republican Party in the South,” he told NBC’s “Today” show.
Ossoff, a former congressional staffer and documentary filmmaker, ran on a pledge to “Make Trump Furious.”
Trump jumped into the race in its final days with attacks on Twitter poking fun at Ossoff for not living in his own district and for attracting support from Hollywood celebrities.
The president weighed in again on Wednesday with a tweet saying, “It is now Hollywood vs. Georgia on June 20th.”
In response, Ossoff portrayed Trump, a New York businessman who had never held public office, as the Washington insider.
“Folks in Washington tend to overstate their influence in local races like this,” he told MSNBC. “This comes down to grassroots intensity.”
White House spokesman Sean Spicer said Trump would campaign in Georgia for Handel “if needed” but dismissed the race as overhyped.
“The Democrats went all-in on this race,” Spicer told reporters. “They lost.”




ARTICLE
April 20, 2017
By David Shepardson
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The top Democrat in the U.S. House of Representatives on Wednesday urged the Federal Communications Commission to cancel a vote scheduled for Thursday on a measure to reverse a 2016 rule that limits the number of television stations some broadcasters can buy.
House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi warned that the changes could be harmful to consumers, hitting their wallets and their access to an independent media voice, as she cited press reports of a possible acquisition by Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc <SBGI.O> of Tribune Media Co stations <TRCO.N>.
Under rules adopted in 1985, stations with weaker over-the-air signals could be partially counted against a broadcaster’s ownership cap. But last year, the FCC under Democratic President Barack Obama said those rules were outdated after the 2009 conversion to digital broadcasting – which eliminated the differences in station signal strength – and revoked them in September.
Federal law limits companies to owning stations serving no more than 39 percent of U.S. television households; there is a dispute over whether the FCC has the authority to amend the ownership limits.
The 2016 decision did not require any company to sell existing stations, but could bar new acquisitions. Twenty-First Century Fox Inc <FOXA.O> in September challenged the FCC rule in federal court.
FCC Chairman Ajit Pai said in March that he wanted to repeal the Obama FCC decision and “launch a comprehensive review of the national ownership cap” later this year.
In a letter, Pelosi and Representative Frank Pallone, who is the ranking Democrat on the House Energy and Commerce Committee, urged Pai to drop the plan, which could allow the Sinclair-Tribune tie-up.
“That would be bad news for consumers in Tribune’s markets in two ways: First, consumers would lose an independent voice in their media market; and second, consumers could see their cable bills go up because Sinclair charges cable operators more than Tribune for retransmission consent,” they wrote.
Another Democrat, Representative Anna Eshoo, wrote Pai asking him to drop the plan, saying that further consolidation “will ensure there are fewer independent news outlets serving as a counter-balance to misleading or inaccurate information.”
Tribune and a spokesman for Pai both declined comment.    Reuters reported in March that Sinclair had approached Tribune to discuss a potential combination, in a deal that would hinge on regulations being relaxed.
Pai’s broad FCC ownership review could launch a new wave of consolidation in the broadcast television industry, analysts and companies said.
CBS Corp <CBS.N> lobbyist John Orlando urged the FCC in January to reverse the Obama decision and reinstate the prior rule, citing increased competition.
“Time is of the essence in providing broadcasters the ownership breathing room they so desperately need to compete with other video services,” he said, according to a CBS FCC filing. “Our industry has been frozen in time for more than three years…. Since then, our video competitors have marched on unfettered by ownership limits,” he said, referring to online outlets and cable companies.




ARTICLE
April 20, 2017

NORTH KOREA
Vice President Mike Pence says in Japan that Washington will work with its allies and China to put economic and diplomatic pressure on North Korea but that the United States would defeat any attack with an “overwhelming response.”
The Trump administration denies being misleading about a U.S. carrier strike group’s push toward the Korean peninsula, saying it never gave an arrival date and that the ships still are on their way.

2016 ELECTION
Sources tell Reuters a Russian government think tank controlled by Vladimir Putin developed a plan to swing the 2016 U.S. presidential election to Trump and undermine voters’ faith in the American electoral system.

IRAN
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson accuses Iran of “alarming ongoing provocations” to destabilize countries in the Middle East as the Trump administration launches a review of its Tehran policy.

STEEL
Trump on Thursday will sign a directive asking for a speedy investigation into whether imports of foreign-made steel are hurting U.S. national security, two administration officials say.

ADMINISTRATION
Trump’s choice for deputy secretary of commerce, Chicago Cubs baseball team co-owner Todd Ricketts, has withdrawn his nomination, a source says, amid reports of difficulties untangling his financial holdings to the satisfaction of the government ethics watchdog.

EMISSIONS RULE
The Environmental Protection Agency says it will reconsider a rule on emissions from oil and gas operations and delay its implementation, marking the administration’s latest effort to dismantle Obama-era environmental regulations.

GLOBAL ECONOMY
The International Monetary Fund warns that Trump’s proposed tax cuts and rollback of financial regulations could spark a new round of financial risk-taking of the type that preceded the last crisis in 2008.
The Trump administration would be working against its “America First” agenda if it diminishes the United States’ leadership role in multilateral institutions including the World Bank, the lender’s second-ranking executive says.
Trump is “absolutely not” trying to talk down the strength of the dollar, the Financial Times quotes Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin as saying.

INAUGURATION DONATIONS
Large U.S. companies and their executives helped Trump raise a record-setting $106.7 million for his inauguration festivities, according to a U.S. government filing.

PATRIOTS VISIT
While some players stay away in protest, the Super Bowl champion New England Patriots make the traditional visit to the White House where team owner Robert Kraft lauds longtime friend Trump and likens his long-shot victory to the Patriots’ own.




ARTICLE
April 20, 2017
By Steve Holland
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday will sign a directive asking for a speedy probe into whether imports of foreign-made steel are hurting U.S. national security, two administration officials said on Wednesday.
Trump is to sign the memorandum related to section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 at a White House event that is expected to include leaders of some U.S. steel companies. The law allows the president to impose restrictions on imports for reasons of national security.
There are national security implications, one of the officials said, from imports of steel alloys that are used in products such as the armor plating of ships and require a lot of expertise to create and produce.
Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross launched the probe on Wednesday night. Trump’s directive will ask Ross to conduct it “with all deliberate speed and deliver the results to the president with his recommendations,” a second official said.
The move is another step in Trump’s “America First” policies in which he has tried to boost U.S. manufacturers and preserve American jobs. It comes as he tries to coax China into taking a more active role in reining in North Korea’s nuclear and missile programs.
The first official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the directive is not aimed at a specific country but is “product oriented.”
He said there is concern when a domestic industry is hurt by imports from a foreign entity “that hampers our ability to maintain production and maintain the expertise necessary for these high national security-concerned products, specific alloys and so forth.”




ARTICLE
April 19, 2017
LONDON (Reuters) – The United States’ first tax overhaul in decades may not pass Congress until well into 2017, House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Wednesday, in a sign the timetable for the legislation has been pushed back.
Revamping the U.S. tax code has become a new legislative test for President Donald Trump after a Republican push to repeal former President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law failed last month in a humiliating defeat for the party.
Some Republicans in Congress had hoped to pass the tax overhaul before August, but party divisions over the legislation and difficulties in replacing Obamacare have slowed the process.
“This will be done in 2017, that is our time line, we would like to get it done as soon as possible,” Ryan told reporters during a visit to London that was part of a multi-nation trip aimed at strengthening U.S. economic and security ties with NATO allies.
Ryan added: “As soon as possible for us is by the end of summer but we’re going to take our time to get it right. We can clearly get this done by the end of summer but if it needs to go a little longer, we’ll do that.”
Trump made tax reform a core campaign promise, saying he would simplify the tax code and cut tax rates in ways that could significantly increase government debt.
To tackle the biggest overhaul of the U.S. tax code since the Reagan era, House Republicans need to avoid the political fault lines that sank their healthcare bill, partly by having conservatives on board.
Ryan has been pushing a plan that includes a border adjustment tax, or BAT, that would levy a 20 percent tax on imported goods. The provision has been attacked by some conservatives and Democrats who argue it would hurt consumers and some U.S. companies reliant on foreign goods.
The Senate has been awaiting action by the House before considering tax legislation.
Given the Republican divisions, the White House has said it would submit its own tax proposal to Congress but it was unclear when that might arrive.
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said this week that tax reform may not get done before an August deadline.
The Trump administration might also include a $1 trillion infrastructure investment plan in whatever tax bill it submits to Congress.




ARTICLE
April 19, 2017
By Steve Holland
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump may add a visit to Saudi Arabia to a trip to Europe in May in what will be his first overseas journey since becoming president, a senior administration official said on Wednesday.
Such a trip is “being discussed,” the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity.
Trump is already planning to attend a NATO summit in Brussels on May 25 and travel to Sicily for a Group of Seven leaders’ summit scheduled for May 26-28.
Defense Secretary James Mattis was in Riyadh on Wednesday meeting with senior Saudi officials. He said he hopes his trip could potentially open the door for Trump to visit Saudi Arabia.
Former President Barack Obama met leaders of the six-nation Gulf Cooperation Council, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, Kuwait, Bahrain and Oman about a year ago.
Trump has made the Middle East and the fight against Islamic State a focus of his young presidency. He ordered the U.S. Navy to fire cruise missiles at a Syrian airfield after a chemical weapons attack in Syria earlier this month.
Saudi Arabia’s powerful Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman met Trump in Washington in March in a visit that was touted by a senior Saudi advisor as one that hailed a “historical turning point” in U.S.-Saudi relations. [
Riyadh had an often fraught relationship with the Obama administration, especially in the wake of the 2015 Iran nuclear deal.
Saudi Arabia felt the Obama administration considered Riyadh’s alliance with Washington less important than negotiating the deal to rein in Iran’s nuclear program.
White House spokesman Sean Spicer said it is possible a Trump visit to the Vatican to meet Pope Francis will be added to the schedule of his European trip.
“We’ll be reaching out to the Vatican” to see if a visit can be arranged, Spicer told reporters.




ARTICLE
April 19, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – President Donald Trump’s choice for deputy secretary of commerce, Todd Ricketts, has withdrawn his nomination, a source close to Ricketts said on Wednesday.
Ricketts, a co-owner of the Chicago Cubs baseball team, pulled his name from consideration due to difficulties untangling his financial holdings to the satisfaction of the government ethics watchdog, the Chicago Sun-Times reported.
“I hope there are other opportunities to contribute to his administration in the future,” Ricketts said in a statement.






ARTICLE
April 19, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – President Donald Trump’s choice for deputy secretary of commerce, Todd Ricketts, has withdrawn his nomination, a source close to Ricketts said on Wednesday.
Ricketts, a co-owner of the Chicago Cubs baseball team, pulled his name from consideration due to difficulties untangling his financial holdings to the satisfaction of the government ethics watchdog, the Chicago Sun-Times reported.
“I hope there are other opportunities to contribute to his administration in the future,” Ricketts said in a statement.






ARTICLE
April 19, 2017
By Timothy Gardner
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency will reconsider a rule on greenhouse gas emissions from oil and gas operations and delay its compliance date, the agency said on Wednesday in the Trump administration’s latest move to reduce regulations.
Oil interest groups, including the American Petroleum Institute and the Texas Oil and Gas Association, had petitioned the EPA a year ago to reconsider the rule limiting emissions of   methane and other pollutants from new and revamped oil and gas wells and systems.
The EPA said in a statement that it would delay the rule’s June 3 compliance date by 90 days and take public comments during that period.
Under Democratic President Barack Obama, the EPA released the first methane limits on the facilities in May 2016, saying it would cost energy companies $530 million, but would lead to $690 million in benefits, including lowering medical bills.
Scott Pruitt, the EPA chief in the administration of Republican President Donald Trump, joined dozens of other states  in challenging the rule when he was attorney general of oil-producing Oklahoma. Pruitt has said he does not believe that greenhouse gas emissions are the main driver of climate change.
Energy companies had complained that the methane rule would add costs to wells that were not producing much oil and gas, and that it was duplicative as the sector had already reduced the emissions.
Environmentalists believe limiting methane, a gas about 80 times more potent than carbon dioxide in trapping heat, is a low-hanging fruit in efforts to curb climate change.
Michelle Robinson, director of the clean vehicles program at the Union of Concerned Scientists, said EPA was favoring industry over science. “Instead of looking backwards to review well-reasoned rules based on clear science, the administration should be moving forward,” and extend methane limits, she said.
Wednesday’s move signaled another retreat from climate change action after the Trump administration in March halted an effort to gather methane data from existing oil and gas operations to rein in leaks of the powerful greenhouse gas.
In late March, Trump signed an order to undo climate regulations, following up on a campaign promise.
Pruitt said the EPA is continuing to follow through with Trump’s order. “American businesses should have the opportunity to review new requirements, assess economic impacts and report back, before those new requirements are finalized,” he said.




ARTICLE
United States Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said that the United Nations Security Council is in complete solidarity when it comes to finding a solution for the problems in Libya.
The United Nations Security Council held a meeting Wednesday regarding the ongoing turmoil in Libya.
Martin Kobler, Head of the United Nations Support Mission in Libya, said he is particularly worried about the fighting in the south, the internal displacements, the human terror situation, and the lack of food and medical equipment.
US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said all members of the Security Council are dedicated to working on a solution.
“So we are very excited about the fact that the council was in complete solidarity in terms of Mr. Kobler’s support as well as having a political solution with all parties. I think that’s the one thing we see that all these factions fighting against each other are not doing anything to help the Libyan people. We want to see the parties come together, have one political solution, one government, one military, so the Libyan people can move forward,” Haley said.
Kobler said it is time for the UN to take a strong leadership role in this situation.
And to lead the way to find a peaceful solution instead of a military solution.



ARTICLE
April 19, 2017
New York, NY – Claire Hardwick, OAN Political Correspondent
While President Trump said he is working with China on the North Korean problem, Gordon Chang said the president will have to play a strong hand in order to reverse years of failed foreign policy.
Gordon Chang, author of the book ‘Nuclear Showdown: North Korea Takes on the World,’ said President Trump was given a very difficult situation when it comes to North Korea.
He said President Obama’s failed policy of strategic patience towards North Korea gave them the space they needed to develop long-range missiles and nuclear weapons.
But President Trump gave the North Koreans a clear signal that his foreign policy would be very different than his predecessor’s.
“I think the North Koreans now understand that our president has a low threshold for using force, because it was not just the missile strike on the Syrian airfield, it was also the use of the mother of all bombs on that underground facility in Afghanistan,” Chang said.
Chang said that President Trump will also have to work with China, because China has deep ties to North Korea.



ARTICLE
April 19, 2017
By Steve Holland
KENOSHA, Wis. (Reuters) – President Donald Trump on Tuesday ordered a review of the U.S. visa program for bringing high-skilled foreign workers into the country, putting technology firms and the outsourcing companies that serve them on notice that possible changes may be ahead.
Seeking to carry out a campaign pledge to put “America First,” Trump signed an executive order on the H-1B visa program. It was vague on many fronts, and did not change existing rules, but one objective, said Trump aides, is to modify or replace the current lottery for H-1B visas with a merit-based system that would restrict the visas to highly skilled workers. Indian nationals are the largest group of H-1B recipients annually.
Such a change could affect companies, such as Tata Consultancy Services Ltd, Cognizant Tech Solutions Corp and Infosys Ltd, that connect U.S. technology companies with thousands of foreign engineers and programmers. None responded to requests for comment.
Trump announced the order and made remarks at a visit to the headquarters of Snap-On Inc, a tool maker in Wisconsin.
In addition to addressing the visas issue, he also ordered a review of government procurement rules favoring American companies to see if they are actually benefiting, especially the U.S. steel industry.
“With this action, we are sending a powerful signal to the world: We’re going to defend our workers, protect our jobs and finally put America first,” Trump said.
Trump was a businessman before he was elected president last year, and his companies have been criticized for using visa programs to fill positions at Trump properties with foreign workers. Trump-branded products are also made overseas.

100-DAY BENCHMARK
As he nears the 100-day benchmark of his presidency, Trump still has no major legislative achievements. With his attempts to overhaul healthcare and tax law stalled in Congress, Trump has leaned heavily on executive orders to change policy.
It was unclear whether the latest such order would yield immediate results. The H-1B visas section included no definite timeline. The government procurement section did.
“We hope the goal of President Trump’s executive order on the H-1B program is ‘mend it, don’t end it,’” said Robert Atkinson, president of the Information Technology and Innovation Foundation, a technology industry group.
Going to a more merit-based H-1B system could attract more people with advanced science and technology skills, Atkinson said in a statement. But he said some ideas could make the system ineffective, such as requiring advertisement of job openings for long periods to prove the unavailability of U.S. workers.
Democrats said Trump’s order was not strong enough, and too late, after thousands of visas were awarded this month in this year’s lottery.
“For a president who has prided himself on his swift action when it comes to immigration, an interagency review of the program is a guarded and timid approach. It’s too little, too late,” said U.S. Senator Dick Durbin, the No.2 Democrat in the Senate.
Critics of the program say most H-1B visas are awarded for lower-paid jobs at outsourcing firms, many based in India. That takes work away from Americans, lowers wages and keeps Americans from being trained in tech-related fields, they say.
“Right now, widespread abuse in our immigration system is allowing American workers of all backgrounds to be replaced by workers brought in from other countries,” Trump said.
Tech companies have been bracing for Trump to make changes to the H-1B program. The visas are intended to go to foreign nationals in occupations that generally require specialized knowledge, such as science, engineering or computer programming. The government uses a lottery to award 65,000 visas yearly and randomly distributes another 20,000 to graduate student workers.
Critics say the lottery benefits outsourcing firms that flood the system with mass applications for visas for lower-paid information technology workers.
“Right now H-1B visas are awarded in a totally random lottery and that’s wrong. Instead, they should be given to the most skilled and highest paid applicants and they should never, ever be used to replace Americans,” Trump said.
More than 15 percent of Facebook Inc’s U.S. employees in 2016 used a temporary work visa, according to a Reuters analysis of U.S. Labor Department filings. Facebook did not respond to requests for comment.
Infosys, India’s No. 2 IT services firm, has said previously that it is ramping up work on on-site development centers in the United States to train local talent in an effort to address the visa regulation changes under consideration.
It warned last week that onerous changes to U.S. visa rules could affect its earnings.
NASSCOM, the Indian IT service industry’s main lobbying group, said it backs efforts to root out H-1B abuses, but said the idea that H-1B visa holders are cheap labor is inaccurate.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi urged Washington in February to be open minded on admitting skilled Indian workers.




ARTICLE
April 18, 2017

NORTH KOREA
Vice President Mike Pence reassures Japan of U.S. commitment to reining in North Korea’s nuclear and missile ambitions, after warning that U.S. strikes in Syria and Afghanistan show the strength of its resolve.
North Korea will continue to test missiles regularly and any military action against it by the United States would prompt “all-out war,” a senior North Korean official tells the BBC.

JAPAN
Pence puts Japan on notice that Washington wants results “in the near future” from talks it hopes will open markets to U.S. goods, adding that the dialogue could lead to negotiations on a two-way trade deal.

VISA PROGRAM
Trump orders a review of the visa program for bringing high-skilled foreign workers into the United States, putting technology firms and the outsourcing companies that serve them on notice that possible changes may be ahead.

“BUY AMERICAN”
Trump’s “Buy American, Hire American,” executive order leaves questions about how the government will enforce such an order and whether it will make any real difference in output and employment, according to steel executives and analysts.

DAIRY FARMERS
During a visit to the cheese-making state of Wisconsin, Trump promises to defend American dairy farmers who have been hurt by Canada’s protectionist trade practices.

CLIMATE CHANGE
A White House meeting that was to help determine whether the United States should withdraw from the Paris climate accord has been postponed, an administration official says.

U.S. ECONOMY
Planned fiscal stimulus from the Trump administration and Republican-controlled Congress could pose an “upside risk” to the U.S. economy, Kansas City Federal Reserve President Esther George says, adding she is not yet forecasting it will materialize.

ETHICS LAWSUIT
A nonprofit watchdog expands a lawsuit accusing Trump of violating the Constitution by letting his hotels and restaurants accept payments from foreign governments.

YEMEN
A political solution through United Nations-brokered negotiations is needed to resolve the conflict in Yemen, U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis says as he makes his first trip in the role to Saudi Arabia.




ARTICLE
April 18, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – A White House meeting that was to help determine whether the United States should withdraw from the Paris climate accord has been postponed, an administration official said on Tuesday.
Some of President Donald Trump’s top advisers, including Energy Secretary Rick Perry and Environmental Protection Agency head Scott Pruitt, were scheduled to meet on Tuesday to discuss how Trump should handle the 2015 climate deal.
The meeting was canceled because “some of the principals are traveling today,” the White House official said.
The meeting will be rescheduled, but no date has been set, the official said.
White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters on Air Force One as Trump was returning from a visit to Wisconsin that the meeting “could be as soon as tomorrow, but I know that they’re working on trying to find a time that works for everybody.”
The accord, agreed on by nearly 200 countries in Paris in 2015 and ratified in 2016, aims to limit planetary warming in part by slashing carbon dioxide and other emissions from the burning of fossil fuels. Under the pact, the United States committed to reducing its emissions by 26 to 28 percent from 2005 levels by 2025.
Trump has said the United States should “cancel” the deal, but he has been mostly quiet on the issue since he was elected last November.
The White House has said it would take a position on the agreement before a summit of the Group of Seven wealthy nations in late May.




ARTICLE
April 18, 2017
Washington, D.C. – Trey Yingst, OAN Chief White House Correspondent
President Trump is traveling to Wisconsin on Tuesday to visit the headquarters of Snap On Inc. While there, he will sign a major executive order that directs federal agencies to enforce H-1B visa laws and calls for a review of federal purchasing practices.
The ‘Buy American, Hire American’ order is the latest domestic policy issue that President Trump is hoping to address through executive action.
According to a Senior Administration Official at the White House, this executive order is part of the President’s ‘America First’ plan.
The White House indicated that the review of federal purchasing practices will eventually lead to further action by the President to encourage the purchase of American goods for federal projects. Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross will deliver the results of the review to President Trump in 220 days.
“Buy American is the Trump Administration’s highest priority when it comes to spending taxpayer dollars,” the official said.
The hire American portion of the bill will direct the Trump administration to identify and close loop holes in the H-1B visa program that don’t prioritize American workers.
President Trump is expected to return to Washington after signing the executive order.



ARTICLE
April 18, 2017

NORTH KOREA
Vice President Mike Pence puts North Korea on notice, warning that recent U.S. strikes in Syria and Afghanistan showed that Trump’s resolve should not be tested.
North Korea will continue to test missiles regularly and any military action against it by the United States will prompt “all-out war,” a senior North Korean official tells the BBC.
China reiterates its opposition to the deployment of a sophisticated U.S. anti-missile system in South Korea.

RUSSIA
As Russian hopes of swift detente with the United States under Trump have fizzled, state media, which hailed his election win, have made a U-turn: On Sunday, they said he was scarier than North Korea’s Kim Jong Un.

TURKEY
Trump calls Turkish counterpart Tayyip Erdogan to congratulate him on his referendum victory and to thank him for supporting a U.S. missile attack on Syria in response to a chemical attack by Syrian government forces on April 4, the White House says

SUPREME COURT
Trump’s appointee, Neil Gorsuch, shows himself to be a frequent and energetic questioner during U.S. Supreme Court arguments in his first day hearing cases as a justice, at one point even apologizing for talking too much.
The U.S. Supreme Court sidesteps a turbulent debate over illegal immigration, turning away an appeal by a group of asylum-seeking Central American women and their children who aimed to clarify the constitutional rights of people who the government has prioritized for deportation.

JAPAN
Pence will meet with Japanese Deputy Prime Minister Taro Aso on Tuesday, kicking off talks in Tokyo that the White House hopes will open doors in Japan for U.S.-made products and attract Japanese investment for infrastructure projects in the United States.

VISA PROGRAM
Trump on Tuesday will sign an executive order directing federal agencies to recommend changes to a temporary visa program used to bring foreign workers to the United States to fill high-skilled jobs.

CLIMATE CHANGE ACCORD
Trump’s top advisers will meet on Tuesday to discuss whether to recommend that he withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord, a White House official says.

PAKISTAN
Trump’s national security adviser, H.R. McMaster, meets Pakistan’s prime minister and army chief and emphasizes “the need to confront terrorism in all its forms”, while praising democratic and economic development.




ARTICLE
April 17, 2017
By Steve Holland and Valerie Volcovici
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Advisers to President Donald Trump will meet on Tuesday to discuss whether to recommend that he withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord, a White House official said on Monday.
The accord, agreed on by nearly 200 countries in Paris in 2015, aims to limit planetary warming in part by slashing carbon dioxide and other emissions from the burning of fossil fuels. Under the pact, the United States committed to reducing its emissions by 26 to 28 percent from 2005 levels by 2025.
Trump has said the United States should “cancel” the deal, but he has been mostly quiet on the issue since he was elected last November.
Environmental groups want Washington to remain in the Paris agreement, even if the new administration weakens U.S. pledges.
A White House official said Trump’s aides would “discuss the options, with the goal of providing a recommendation to the president about the path forward.”
The meeting comes before a summit of the Group of Seven wealthy nations in late May, the deadline for the White House to take a position.
White House officials, led by the National Economic Council, have recently been asking publicly traded energy companies for advice on whether to stay in the agreement.
Peabody Energy has consulted with White House officials, and Cloud Peak Energy Inc confirmed to Reuters it had told White House advisers it was in its interests for the United States to remain in the agreement to ensure there was a global role for high-efficiency coal plants.
On Monday, liquified natural gas exporter Cheniere Energy sent a letter to George David Banks, who handles international energy issues at the NEC, to recommend remaining in the Paris agreement so “the United States can leverage competitive advantages in natural gas and energy technology.”
The advisers expected to attend Tuesday’s meeting include Energy Secretary Rick Perry and Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt.
Perry, a former Texas governor, at his confirmation hearings in January softened a previous position that the science behind climate change was “phony.”
Last week, Pruitt, a former Oklahoma attorney general, said the United States should exit the agreement because it was a “bad deal” for the country.
Justin Guay, climate program officer for the Packard Foundation, said countries like China and India would continue to shift toward clean energy even if the United States retreated, adding: “It is most important that the U.S. stays at the table.”





ARTICLE
April 17, 2017
New York, NY – Claire Hardwick, OAN Political Correspondent
While President Trump approaches the end to his first 100 days in office, bestselling author Clint Arthur said the president is keeping his campaign promise to run the country as he does his business.
Clint Arthur, author of ’21 Performance Secrets of Donald Trump,’ said Trump’s presidential leadership is straight out of what students are taught at the Wharton Business school.
Arthur said you are taught to hire slow and fire fast; and, to always use the element of surprise
And while Trump is bringing change to D.C., other politicians now have to step up to the plate.
“I predict that in the midterm elections, we’re going to see a lot of incumbents losing their jobs. Getting fired out of their Senate and Congressional seats because the people want change. And Donald Trump is presenting change but the swamp is resisting and so this is a two stage draining of the swamp,” Arthur said.
Arthur said that Trump’s new leadership style is facing harsh opposition.
And that while Trump has done almost all he can do with his own power, it is time for Congressional members to get on board.
 



ARTICLE
April 17, 2017
Washington, DC, Young Richardson – OAN Political Correspondent
The new FCC Chairman Ajit Pai wants help overhauling the bureaucratic agency.  In fact, he’s so interested in hearing the ideas of average Americans, that he routinely and repeatedly gives out his email address during interviews.
“They … can simply email me AjitPai@fcc.gov …well you know, look I take it very seriously.  A lot of the good ideas that I’ve gotten have involved people contacting me over email.  Contacting me on Twitter.  Ajit Pai at FCC and some of those causes, I’ve ended up championing,” says the Kansas native and University of Chicago trained lawyer.
And one of those causes he’s ended up championing since he’s become chairman is cutting back on the thick underbrush of counterproductive regulations, says Pai.
“We want to make sure we cut back on some of the regulatory over-reach that we saw over the last couple of years…. Picking winners and losers in the market.  Micro-managing how the private sector does business.  Ignoring the rule of law.  And other transgressions against the American consumer and against Congress,” the Chairman observes.
“We also have a very forward looking, pro-active agenda that we want to deliver on for the American people.  First and foremost is delivering broadband–high-speed internet access to all part of the country.  Especially rural America which is being left behind,” Pai opines.
Eliminating regulatory overreach could simplify the FCC, says Pai, but Pai also thinks it’s time to change some traditions like that of keeping proposals and orders secret until after the full commission votes on them .
“By tradition, those proposals and orders were kept secret.  They were not public until after the FCC voted on them.  I have never understood why that was the case.  When I came on board, as a commissioner in 2012, I started asking can’t we publish these before a vote. And now anyone can see for free all of these proposals and orders that we are going to be voting on,” Pai explains.
Clearly Pai will sacrifice tradition for the sake of transparency maybe because he is guided by a wealth of experience says Georgetown University professor Adonis Hoffman.
“The new Chairman of the FCC Ajit Pai comes to that position with a  wealth of experience…. Chairman Pai has a point of view or a philosophy that less regulation is better.  A free-market Trumpeteer, as I call them.  Someone who has been very vocal and adamant about the role of the government in helping markets grow, particularly the $11 Trillion telecom, technology and media sector”.
Hoffman also says Pai is well liked by key Congressional committee chairman, which may help when Pai sets about updating the 21 year old Telecommunications Act.



ARTICLE
April 17, 2017
Washington, D.C. – Trey Yingst, OAN Chief White House Correspondent
Vice President Mike Pence visited the Korean demilitarized zone over the weekend to send a clear message to the regime of Kim Jong Un.
His visit comes amid rising tensions in the Korean peninsula and the deployment of US war ships to the region.
Sources within the White House say that all options are on the table for responding to future provocations by the North Koreans.
“The era of strategic patience is over,” Vice President Pence said on Sunday.
Pence went on to cite the Trump administration’s use of force in Syria and Afghanistan as a warning to North Korea.
When asked Monday if the situation in North Korea could be resolved peacefully, President Trump appeared hopeful, but cautious.
“They have to behave,” President Trump said.
The President’s comments come after a failed missile test over the weekend by the government of North Korea. There was no direct response by the Trump administration to the failed test, but the White House said the President was briefed on the situation.
 



ARTICLE
April 15, 2017
By David Lawder
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration declined to name any major trading partner as a currency manipulator in a highly anticipated report on Friday, backing away from a key Trump campaign promise to slap such a label on China.
The semi-annual U.S. Treasury currency report did, however, keep China on a currency “monitoring list” despite a lower global current account surplus, citing China’s unusually large, bilateral trade surplus with the United States.
Five other trading partners who were on last October’s monitoring list – Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Germany and Switzerland – also remain on the list, ensuring that the Treasury would apply extra scrutiny to their foreign exchange and economic policies.
The Treasury report recognized what many analysts have said over the past year, namely that China has recently intervened in foreign exchange markets to prop up the value of its yuan currency, not push it lower to make Chinese exports cheaper.
Foreign exchange experts told Reuters last week that a manipulator label was unlikely for Beijing.
Trump, who on the campaign trail blamed China for “stealing” U.S. jobs and prosperity by cheapening its currency, repeatedly promised to label the country as a currency manipulator on “day one” of a Trump administration – a move that would require special negotiations and could lead to punitive duties and other action.
The report did call out China’s past efforts to hold down the yuan’s value, saying this created a long-term “distortion” in the global trading system that “imposed significant and long-lasting hardship on American workers and companies.”
The Treasury also warned that it will scrutinize China’s trade and currency practices very closely and called for faster opening of China’s economy to U.S. goods and services and a shift away from exports to more domestic consumption.
“China will need to demonstrate that its lack of intervention to resist appreciation over the last three years represents a durable policy shift by letting the RMB (yuan) rise with market forces once appreciation pressures resume,” the report said.
The report shows the Trump administration is taking an approach to foreign exchange based on data rather than politics, said Nathan Sheets, a former U.S. Treasury under secretary for international affairs during the Obama administration.
“This isn’t the report that Donald Trump had in mind on Nov. 8,” said Sheets, who is now with the Peterson Institute for International Economics in Washington. “But it lays out legitimate complaints. It’s a clear statement to the Chinese that they need progress.”
The Treasury did not alter its three major thresholds for identifying currency manipulation put in place last year by the Obama administration: a bilateral trade surplus with the United States of $20 billion or more; a global current account surplus of more than 3 percent of gross domestic product, and persistent foreign exchange purchases equal to 2 percent of GDP over 12 months.
No countries were determined to have met all three of these criteria, but Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Germany and Switzerland all met two of them.
The Treasury warned Japan against resuming currency interventions, saying that these “should be reserved only to very exceptional circumstances with appropriate prior consultations, consistent with Japan’s G-7 and G-20 commitments.”




ARTICLE
April 15, 2017
By Ayesha Rascoe
PALM BEACH, FLA. (Reuters) – The Trump administration will not make public White House visitor logs, the records that detail who has visited President Donald Trump and his staff on official business, his office confirmed, in a departure from a practice that was established under former President Barack Obama.
White House Communications Director Michael Dubke said in a statement on Friday that “the grave national security risks and privacy concerns of the hundreds of thousands of visitors annually” was the reason for keeping the records secret.
Transparency advocates had praised Obama’s decision to release the logs, although his administration argued the disclosure was not required by law but instead was voluntary. As a result, Obama’s team frequently redacted names from the list of visitors that were released to the public, including celebrities and donors who were sighted on the White House grounds.
The logs offer the most comprehensive look at who has access to the president and his team. Examining the logs provides insight into which interests are lobbying the White House and who may have more influence in the administration. Trump has continued the Obama policy of not allowing administration staffers to become lobbyists after leaving their government job, a rule that carries no enforcement mechanism and that they have already waived for one staffer.
The announcement that the logs would remain secret quickly drew criticism from watchdog groups.
“Elected officials work for the people and we deserve to see government business conducted in transparent daylight,” Faiz Shakir, political director of the American Civil Liberties Union, said in a statement. “The only reasonable conclusion is to believe the Trump administration has many things it is trying to hide.”During the Obama administration, conservative watchdog groups sued the Secret Service, which maintains the records, in an attempt to make unredacted copies publicly available. After Trump took office, a liberal watchdog group has taken over the fight, filing a lawsuit on Monday demanding the records.
Separately, Democrats in Congress have filed legislation to force the administration to release visitor logs from Mar-A-Largo, the president’s Palm Beach estate where he has spent most weekends since becoming president. The legislation is unlikely to gain any traction because Republicans control the legislative body.




ARTICLE
April 15, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – President Donald Trump nominated former Republican lawmaker Scott Garrett as president of the Export-Import Bank of the United States on Friday, completing an about-face over an institution he had denounced as “featherbedding” for big business.
A White House statement also named Spencer Bachus, another Republican former congressman, to be a member of the board of directors of the bank. Both were named for four-year terms.
Trump told the Wall Street Journal on Wednesday he would fill the two vacancies on the bank’s five-member board that have prevented it from having a quorum and being able to act on loans over $10 million.
His picks must gain approval from the Senate, which blocked nominees by former President Barack Obama.
The Export-Import Bank, an independent government agency, provides loans to foreign entities that enable them to purchase American-made goods. For example, it has been used by foreign airlines to purchase planes from Boeing Co <BA.N> and farmers in developing nations to acquire equipment.
The bank has become a popular target for conservatives, who worked in Congress to kill the institution, arguing that it perpetuates cronyism and does little to create American jobs.
Trump’s backing of the bank represents a victory for  manufacturers like Boeing and General Electric Co <GE.N>, which have overseas customers that use the agency’s government-backed loans to purchase their products.
Trump told the Journal the bank benefits small businesses and creates jobs, a reversal of his earlier criticism of the bank as being “featherbedding” for wealthy corporations.
Trump’s about-face followed a meeting on Tuesday with former Boeing Chief Executive Jim McNerney, who left the company last year but oversaw the corporation’s aggressive lobbying effort in support of the bank in 2015.
Large American corporations that do significant amounts of exports say other countries have similar agencies and the export bank levels the playing field.
A 2015 fight to shutter the bank led by conservatives in Congress allowed the bank’s charter to expire for five months. After overwhelming bipartisan support emerged to renew the bank’s charter, which is needed for it to operate, conservatives blocked nominees to the board, preventing it from financing large exports like aircraft and power turbines.




ARTICLE
April 14, 2017
Washington, D.C. – Trey Yingst, OAN Chief White House Correspondent
According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights more than 10,000 Syrian civilians were evacuated from war-torn cities on Friday.
The evacuation was agreed upon with the help of Iran, representing the Assad regime, and Qatar, representing the Syrian rebels. While no peace talks came out of this agreement, the event indicates a willingness by the regime of Bashar al-Assad to negotiate.
Following the missile strikes launched by President Trump last week, the White House is weighing all options about how to proceed in Syria including a negotiated regime change.
“All options are on the table,” Press Secretary Sean Spicer said this week.
The partially evacuated Syrian cities include Madaya, Zabadani, Fuaa and Kefrayra, all which saw heavy fighting during the country’s civil war.
Moving forward, President Trump says he hopes to stabilize Syria to allow refugees to return home. It’s unclear if the Syrian government will cooperate in future peace talks, but today’s evacuations open the door for communication between the international community and Assad.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



ARTICLE
April 14, 2017

AFGHANISTAN
The United States drops a massive GBU-43 bomb, the largest non-nuclear bomb it has ever used in combat, in Afghanistan against a series of caves used by Islamic State militants, the Pentagon says.

NORTH KOREA
Trump says Pyongyang is a problem that “will be taken care of” amid speculation that North Korea is on the verge of a sixth nuclear test.
Military force cannot resolve tension over North Korea, China warns, while an influential Chinese newspaper urges Pyongyang to halt its nuclear program in exchange for Beijing’s protection.
The Trump administration is focusing its North Korea strategy on tougher economic sanctions, possibly including intercepting cargo ships and punishing Chinese banks doing business with Pyongyang, U.S. officials say.

RUSSIA
Trump says “things will work out fine” between the United States and Russia, a day after declaring U.S.-Russian relations may be at an all-time low.

FEDERAL RESERVE
Trump signals he could be moving closer to the mainstream on monetary policy, saying he has not ruled out reappointment of Janet Yellen as Federal Reserve chair as he considers his choices for the U.S. central bank. [nL1N1HL14B]

ABORTION
Trump signs a resolution that will allow U.S. states to restrict how federal funds for contraception and reproductive health are spent, a move cheered by anti-abortion campaigners.

DEUTSCHE BANK
Democratic Senator Chris Van Hollen presses Deutsche Bank to release information about issues including Trump’s debt and any bank meetings with Trump administration officials, saying he has “great concern” about possible conflicts of interest.

EXPORT-IMPORT BANK
Trump’s office says he plans to revive the hobbled Export-Import Bank of the United States, a victory for American manufacturers such as Boeing Co and General Electric Co that have overseas customers that use the agency’s government-backed loans to purchase their products.

FINANCIAL REGULATION
Top Wall Street bankers say they are having positive discussions about financial regulation in Washington, and downplay the idea U.S. policymakers may force their institutions to split up.

TRADE WITH JAPAN
The United States is pushing for trade to be a key issue in top-level economic talks with Japan, a source says, an unwelcome development for Tokyo, which is seeking to fend off U.S. pressure to reduce the bilateral trade imbalance.

IMMIGRATION
Trump’s administration has focused on one group of illegal immigrants more than others: women with children, according to eight Department of Homeland Security officials interviewed by Reuters about agency planning.




ARTICLE
April 13, 2017
By Scot J. Paltrow
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – President Donald J. Trump is planning to increase U.S. defense spending by $54 billion next year. But a series of recent reports by the Defense Department Inspector General and the Government Accountability Office say that Pentagon accounting systems will struggle to track how the money is spent.
The reports found that the Pentagon remains unable to accurately track its $591 billion annual budget and experiences billions of dollars in accounting gaps and errors each year despite two decades of reform efforts. Taken together, the reports show that many of the endemic accounting problems exposed in a 2013 Reuters investigative series remain in place.
“These deficiencies not only affect (the Department of Defense’s) ability to have auditable financial statements,” a Feb. 9 Government Accountability Office (GAO) report found, “they also affect its ability to make sound decisions on missions and operations.”
A spokesman for the White House’s Office of Management Budget (OMB) said he was confident that Defense Secretary James Mattis would properly spend the additional funds.
“The need to replenish our military and bolster American security is unquestioned and an important priority of this president,” OMB Communications Director John Czwartacki said in a statement. “We believe Secretary Mattis will deploy all of his resources in the most effective and efficient way possible.”
Critics of wasteful Pentagon spending say increasing the Defense Department budget is unwise when the department is unable to account for what it already has.
“It’s ludicrous,” said Mandy Smithberger, director of the Straus Military Reform Project in Washington. “Reform isn’t going to happen as long as the spigot is turned on.”
The Pentagon’s continued accounting problems are drawing particular scrutiny now because the Defense Department faces a congressionally mandated legal deadline of Sept. 30, 2017, to become ready for its first audit ever. Unlike every other U.S. government department, the Pentagon has never undergone an audit because its financial records are in such disarray.
A spokesman for the Defense Department comptroller’s office said he is confident it will meet the deadline.
“The Department is committed and on track to be ready to undergo a full financial statement audit in (fiscal year) 2018,” Lieutenant Colonel Eric D. Badger said in an email.

DEEP CUTS
At the same time Trump proposes to boost defense spending, he has called for deep cuts to other areas, a White House summary of his proposed 2018 budget shows. Whether Congress will accept or reject Trump’s proposals is unclear.
Trump calls for cutting the State Department’s budget by $10.1 billion, or 28%. Among other things, U.S. payments to support the United Nations would be cut.
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) would take a particularly big hit. Trump would cut $2.6 billion, or 31%, of its budget. The White House document says the budget would eliminate more than 50 EPA programs, and cut EPA’s research and development budget by $233 million, or 52%. The budget for grants to states for lead clean-up would be cut by 30% to $9.8 million.
The recent watchdog reports on the Defense Department found that it lacks a unified, functioning accounting system. As Reuters reported in its 2013 series, the Pentagon has hundreds of independent systems, built ad hoc and some dating from the 1970s, that are riddled with errors and incapable of sharing accurate data.
Billions of dollars disappear from accounting records. The military has spent large sums building new systems meant to solve the problem, but so far they have not.
A March 16 Defense Department Inspector General report said the Navy could not find any records to back up how it had spent $866 million in the first quarter of 2016 in U.S. military operations in Afghanistan. The report said that as a result, there was no way to know what the money actually was used for.
A Navy spokeswoman, Lieutenant Kara YingLing, referred Reuters to the Navy’s official response to the report, which said the Navy agreed with the Inspector General’s conclusions but said its accounting problems will not be fixed until it begins using a new computer system in 2019. YingLing said the Navy is “on track” to help the Pentagon meet its Sept. 30 audit deadline.
The Feb. 9 GAO report said the Pentagon’s continued bookkeeping errors affect the federal government as a whole. Defense spending makes up such a large part of the federal budget that the department’s unreliable data skews accounting for the entire U.S. government, the GAO said.

SYSTEMIC RISK
The report noted that the Defense Department has been on the GAO’s list of “High Risk” entities that represent threats to the federal government’s financial well-being since 1995. The report said the Pentagon has remained on the list because of “long-standing deficiencies with its financial management systems.”
The GAO report noted that the Pentagon had hired large independent accounting firms for each of the military services to try to help them meet the Sept. 30 audit deadline. But the report said the firms have found so many problems that the ability of the Pentagon to meet the deadline remains in doubt.
A separate Defense Department Inspector General report issued on March 23, 2017, found that the Army continues to be unable to balance its checkbook. The report concluded that the problem for the Army grew worse in 2016.
The report said that for October 2015, the Army had 177,921 discrepancies. The monthly numbers rose steadily to 790,551 for June 2016. The report did not give dollar amounts for those months.
Army spokesman Wayne Hall said the number of discrepancies continued to increase in 2017 because planned fixes to computer systems have not yet been made. He said the Army is working on building more reliable systems.
The report said that because rules require that the Army’s numbers exactly match in monthly reports to the Treasury, the Army and the Defense Finance and Accounting Service must find a way to make them match. Their solution was to enter made-up numbers to make it appear falsely that the Army’s numbers do match.
The report said that for March 2016, there were $1.9 billion in such “forced balance entries.” Hall said the Army must make the numbers match under federal rules.
In separate reports, the Inspector General found that other military services have also had problems balancing their financial numbers with the Treasury’s. Accountants interviewed by Reuters said that such large discrepancies would be considered accounting fraud in the corporate world.
Badger, the spokesman for the Defense Department comptroller’s office, said any errors by the military services were unintentional.
“We strongly oppose any accusation of intentionally misrepresenting our books,” Badger said in an email. “Many manual accounting adjustments are often caused by the ineffective design of legacy business or financial systems.”
Trump has said the $54 billion in increased defense spending will send a “message to the world in these dangerous times of American strength, security and resolve.” Trump has also vowed to negotiate cheaper contracts with defense contractors, a problem also cited in recent watchdog reports.
In a March 2016 report, the Inspector General found that the Air Force had spent “billions” on a contract to maintain one type of jet engine, without first getting any idea of a fair price.
The open-ended contract, with a guaranteed profit margin regardless of cost, was awarded in 2011. The report said that before signing the contract the Air Force obtained no data on the actual cost of the repairs and how the costs compared to private-sector rates.
The exact amount of the contract was redacted from the report. The Inspector General has not ruled on a March 2016 Freedom of Information Act request filed by Reuters that asked for the redacted information to be made public.




ARTICLE
April 13, 2017
“I will focus all my attention and energy – I will use all of my political capital from now through the end of 2018 – to continue implementing my administration’s vision for a more sustainable and vibrant Connecticut economy,” Malloy, a Democrat who served two terms as governor, said at a news conference in Hartford, the state capital.
A poll released on Tuesday by Morning Consult showed that Malloy was the second-least-popular governor in the United States, with 66 percent of respondents disapproving of the job he had done. That finding was based on a national poll of more than 85,000 registered voters and had a 3 percent margin of error.
Malloy said he would spend the rest of his term focused on priorities including reforming the state’s budget practices to reduce its reliance on one-time maneuvers to meet expenses and reforming the state’s criminal justice system to make it easier for young offenders to have a second chance.




ARTICLE
April 13, 2017
New York, NY – Claire Hardwick, OAN Political Correspondent
With the election coming up in Iran, Tara Kangarlou said this election will not only have effects for Iran, but for the country’s relationship with the rest of the world.
Tara Kangarlou, who moved to the United States in 2003, is a journalist and a visiting scholar at The East West Institute.
She said that this election will have both economic and political implications for the Middle East and the rest of the world.
Because as President Rouhani is a moderate leader, there is a chance that a more conservative president could be elected.
Kangarlou said that Iran is a big player in the region, and the future president will play a huge role in the direction it heads.
Especially, in regards to the country’s relationship with the United States.
“As far as engagement with Iran, I think president trump will take concrete action. Whether it’s good, bad, we don’t know yet because we don’t know what the next Iranian administration will look like,” Kangarlou said.
Kangarlou said until recently, Iran and the United States have had a historically had strong relationship, and she hopes that if President Rouhani is elected, this relationship will be renewed.



ARTICLE
April 13, 2017
Washington, D.C. – Trey Yingst, OAN Chief White House Correspondent
Using the biggest non-nuclear bomb in it’s arsenal, the US military struck an ISIS training facility in the Eastern part of Afghanistan on Thursday.
The bombing occurred around 7:30PM local time and targeted the tunnels and fighters who pose a threat to US forces running counter terror operations in the region.
This was the first time in history that the GBU-43 bomb was used in combat. The weapon was originally developed under the Bush administration in 2003.
Under the Trump administration, there are military forces fighting ISIS in Iraq, Syria and Afghanistan.
“We’ve given them total authorization,” President Trump said.
In a statement released by CENTCOM, a public affairs officer for the US military said that precautions were taken to avoid civilian casualties.
The number of ISIS fighters killed in the strike is unknown at this time.



ARTICLE
April 13, 2017
By Steve Holland and Jeff Mason
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – After less than three months in office, President Donald Trump has abruptly shifted his stance on an array of foreign policy issues from the U.S. relationship with Russia and China to the value of the NATO alliance.
Trump, who ran for the White House on a pledge to shake up the status quo in Washington, repeatedly lashed out at China during the campaign, accusing Beijing of being a “grand champion” of currency manipulation.
Candidate Trump also dismissed the NATO military alliance as obsolete and said he hoped to build warmer ties with Russia.
But at a White House news conference and in a newspaper interview on Wednesday, he offered starkly different views on those issues, saying his relationship with Moscow was souring while ties with Beijing were improving. He also lavished praise on NATO, saying it was adapting to changing global threats.
“I said it was obsolete. It’s no longer obsolete,” Trump said as he stood at a news conference alongside NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg in the White House East Room on Wednesday.
The reversals on Russia and NATO could reassure U.S. allies in Europe who were rattled by Trump’s overtures toward Moscow during the campaign. But the president’s talk of “bonding” with Chinese President Xi Jinping could sow confusion in Asia, where U.S. allies are fearful of a rising China.
Trump’s apparent shifts toward a more conventional foreign policy came amid infighting within his administration that has lately seen a decline in the influence of political operatives, mainly his chief strategist, Steve Bannon.
Six months ago, candidate Trump suggested he was eager for an alliance with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
“If he says great things about me, I’m going to say great things about him,” Trump said last September.

“ALL-TIME LOW”
On Wednesday, however, Trump said he had growing concerns about Russia’s support of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
“We may be at an all-time low in terms of a relationship with Russia,” said Trump, who ordered the firing of U.S. cruise missiles at a Syrian airfield last week to punish Assad for suspected use of poison gas in Syria’s civil war.
While criticizing Russia on Wednesday, Trump said he and Xi had bonded during the Chinese president’s visit to the Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida, where they dined together with their wives and held talks.
Ahead of that visit, Trump had predicted “difficult” discussions on trade.
The improving ties with Beijing were underscored when Trump told the Wall Street Journal in an interview on Wednesday that he would not declare China a currency manipulator as he had pledged to do on his first day in office.
Trump, a former real estate developer, took office in January as a government novice whose foreign policy mantra during was a vow to keep America safe and build up the U.S. military.
Christine Wormuth, former undersecretary of defense in the Obama administration, said Trump had a “steep learning curve” on foreign policy when he came into office but that it was beginning to even out.
“He’s starting to have a more nuanced and deeper understanding of a lot of issues,” said Wormuth, now a senior adviser at the Center for Strategic and International Studies.
The evolving Trump foreign policy appears to reflect less of the influence of his campaign team and more the views of Defense Secretary James Mattis, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and national security adviser H.R. McMaster, all of whom are deeply skeptical of Russia.
Trump’ former national security adviser, retired General Michael Flynn, was forced to resign on Feb. 13 for contacts with Russia’s ambassador to the United States before Trump took office.
The new tone on foreign policy comes as Trump has been trying to settle the palace intrigue inside the White House, where Bannon, former chief of the conservative Breitbart News organization, has been at odds with the more mainstream Jared Kushner, the senior White House adviser who is Trump’s son-in-law.
In an interview with the New York Post on Tuesday, Trump offered only lukewarm support for Bannon.
“I like Steve, but you have to remember he was not involved in my campaign until very late,” Trump said.




ARTICLE
April 13, 2017
By Kanupriya Kapoor and Fransiska Nangoy
JAKARTA (Reuters) – Washington has billed Vice President Mike Pence’s visit to Indonesia next week as a booster for the Strategic Partnership between the world’s second- and third-largest democracies, but a raft of bilateral tensions could sap the goodwill from his trip.
Pence’s counterpart in the world’s most populous Muslim country has voiced worries about U.S. President Donald Trump’s immigration policy, which critics say is biased against Muslims, and about his “America First” mantra on trade and investment.
“We in Indonesia never change. The change is there. That’s why we’re asking them now, ‘what is your policy now on the economy, on democracy, now that Trump is in power?’,” Vice President Jusuf Kalla told Reuters on March 31.
“What does it mean, ‘America first’? I can say, too, ‘Indonesia first’ if you say ‘America first’.”
Indonesia is one of 16 countries against which the United States runs a trade deficit that will be investigated by the Trump administration for possible trade abuses.
Trump’s combative approach will not sit easily with Indonesia, where economic nationalism and protectionist tendencies have flourished since a slump in commodity prices in recent years slammed the brakes on economic growth.
“Unfortunately I do see a hardening of attitudes on our side,” said a senior Indonesian government official, who declined to be named. “And it’s of particular concern because we’re on that list of 16 countries … that are going to be investigated.”
The official said a tougher stand by Indonesian authorities had also contributed to a series of disputes with U.S. companies, including Alphabet Inc’s Google, miner Freeport-McMoRan Inc and financial services giant JP Morgan Chase & Co.

A SERIES OF FACE-OFFS
Indonesia has dueled with Google over back taxes and fines running into hundreds of millions of dollars, and with Freeport in a contract row that has crippled operations at the world’s second-largest copper mine, Grasberg.
It also dropped JP Morgan as a primary bond dealer after the bank’s research analysts issued a negative report on the country in November.
“It’s a very unfortunate series of issues which all happen to be American,” said the official, who expects them to come up in private during Pence’s visit. Indonesia is the third stop on an April 15-25 tour that includes South Korea, Japan and Australia.
Google declined to comment for this report, and JPMorgan did not respond to a request for comment.
Freeport Indonesia spokesman Riza Pratama said: “This visit is happening entirely independent of our current negotiations with the government of Indonesia.”
However, billionaire investor Carl Icahn, Freeport’s third-biggest shareholder and now a special adviser to Trump, has described Jakarta’s tactics over the mining contract as “disingenuous and insulting”, according to the New York Times.
Another potential irritant is biodiesel.
The U.S. National Biodiesel Board (NBB), a producer group, has petitioned the U.S. government to impose anti-dumping duties on biodiesel from Indonesia and Argentina, claiming they have flooded the U.S. market.
“This is one of the issues that we have asked the trade ministry to bring to the meeting (with Pence),” Paulus Tjakrawan, a director at the Indonesia Biofuel Producers Association, told Reuters.
“Our hope is for the government to be firm … Otherwise we will be taken advantage of,” he said. “Not to act like thugs but, for example, if they put barriers to our exports, why not stop importing some of their goods?”
Despite the strains, the government official said Indonesia would be careful to start its relationship with the Trump administration on the right foot.
Indonesian President Joko Widodo’s approach to foreign policy has been led more by economic interests than geopolitical considerations: he has pursued increased trade and investment from China but keeps a diplomatic distance from Beijing and established a strategic partnership with Washington under former President Barack Obama.
U.S. ambassador to Indonesia, Joseph R. Donovan Jr, said in a statement last week that Pence’s visit reflected a continued commitment to that partnership, would deepen economic engagement and boost regional security cooperation.
“The U.S. embassy here certainly is going to great lengths to make the visit a success,” said the Indonesian official. “My impression is he’s (Pence) not going to ruffle feathers in public, he’s not going to cause a ruckus.”




ARTICLE
April 13, 2017
By Kanupriya Kapoor and Fransiska Nangoy
JAKARTA (Reuters) – Washington has billed Vice President Mike Pence’s visit to Indonesia next week as a booster for the Strategic Partnership between the world’s second- and third-largest democracies, but a raft of bilateral tensions could sap the goodwill from his trip.
Pence’s counterpart in the world’s most populous Muslim country has voiced worries about U.S. President Donald Trump’s immigration policy, which critics say is biased against Muslims, and about his “America First” mantra on trade and investment.
“We in Indonesia never change. The change is there. That’s why we’re asking them now, ‘what is your policy now on the economy, on democracy, now that Trump is in power?’,” Vice President Jusuf Kalla told Reuters on March 31.
“What does it mean, ‘America first’? I can say, too, ‘Indonesia first’ if you say ‘America first’.”
Indonesia is one of 16 countries against which the United States runs a trade deficit that will be investigated by the Trump administration for possible trade abuses.
Trump’s combative approach will not sit easily with Indonesia, where economic nationalism and protectionist tendencies have flourished since a slump in commodity prices in recent years slammed the brakes on economic growth.
“Unfortunately I do see a hardening of attitudes on our side,” said a senior Indonesian government official, who declined to be named. “And it’s of particular concern because we’re on that list of 16 countries … that are going to be investigated.”
The official said a tougher stand by Indonesian authorities had also contributed to a series of disputes with U.S. companies, including Alphabet Inc’s Google, miner Freeport-McMoRan Inc and financial services giant JP Morgan Chase & Co.

A SERIES OF FACE-OFFS
Indonesia has dueled with Google over back taxes and fines running into hundreds of millions of dollars, and with Freeport in a contract row that has crippled operations at the world’s second-largest copper mine, Grasberg.
It also dropped JP Morgan as a primary bond dealer after the bank’s research analysts issued a negative report on the country in November.
“It’s a very unfortunate series of issues which all happen to be American,” said the official, who expects them to come up in private during Pence’s visit. Indonesia is the third stop on an April 15-25 tour that includes South Korea, Japan and Australia.
Google declined to comment for this report, and JPMorgan did not respond to a request for comment.
Freeport Indonesia spokesman Riza Pratama said: “This visit is happening entirely independent of our current negotiations with the government of Indonesia.”
However, billionaire investor Carl Icahn, Freeport’s third-biggest shareholder and now a special adviser to Trump, has described Jakarta’s tactics over the mining contract as “disingenuous and insulting”, according to the New York Times.
Another potential irritant is biodiesel.
The U.S. National Biodiesel Board (NBB), a producer group, has petitioned the U.S. government to impose anti-dumping duties on biodiesel from Indonesia and Argentina, claiming they have flooded the U.S. market.
“This is one of the issues that we have asked the trade ministry to bring to the meeting (with Pence),” Paulus Tjakrawan, a director at the Indonesia Biofuel Producers Association, told Reuters.
“Our hope is for the government to be firm … Otherwise we will be taken advantage of,” he said. “Not to act like thugs but, for example, if they put barriers to our exports, why not stop importing some of their goods?”
Despite the strains, the government official said Indonesia would be careful to start its relationship with the Trump administration on the right foot.
Indonesian President Joko Widodo’s approach to foreign policy has been led more by economic interests than geopolitical considerations: he has pursued increased trade and investment from China but keeps a diplomatic distance from Beijing and established a strategic partnership with Washington under former President Barack Obama.
U.S. ambassador to Indonesia, Joseph R. Donovan Jr, said in a statement last week that Pence’s visit reflected a continued commitment to that partnership, would deepen economic engagement and boost regional security cooperation.
“The U.S. embassy here certainly is going to great lengths to make the visit a success,” said the Indonesian official. “My impression is he’s (Pence) not going to ruffle feathers in public, he’s not going to cause a ruckus.”

April 13, 2017
By Kanupriya Kapoor and Fransiska Nangoy
JAKARTA (Reuters) – Washington has billed Vice President Mike Pence’s visit to Indonesia next week as a booster for the Strategic Partnership between the world’s second- and third-largest democracies, but a raft of bilateral tensions could sap the goodwill from his trip.
Pence’s counterpart in the world’s most populous Muslim country has voiced worries about U.S. President Donald Trump’s immigration policy, which critics say is biased against Muslims, and about his “America First” mantra on trade and investment.
“We in Indonesia never change. The change is there. That’s why we’re asking them now, ‘what is your policy now on the economy, on democracy, now that Trump is in power?’,” Vice President Jusuf Kalla told Reuters on March 31.
“What does it mean, ‘America first’? I can say, too, ‘Indonesia first’ if you say ‘America first’.”
Indonesia is one of 16 countries against which the United States runs a trade deficit that will be investigated by the Trump administration for possible trade abuses.
Trump’s combative approach will not sit easily with Indonesia, where economic nationalism and protectionist tendencies have flourished since a slump in commodity prices in recent years slammed the brakes on economic growth.
“Unfortunately I do see a hardening of attitudes on our side,” said a senior Indonesian government official, who declined to be named. “And it’s of particular concern because we’re on that list of 16 countries … that are going to be investigated.”
The official said a tougher stand by Indonesian authorities had also contributed to a series of disputes with U.S. companies, including Alphabet Inc’s Google, miner Freeport-McMoRan Inc and financial services giant JP Morgan Chase & Co.

A SERIES OF FACE-OFFS
Indonesia has dueled with Google over back taxes and fines running into hundreds of millions of dollars, and with Freeport in a contract row that has crippled operations at the world’s second-largest copper mine, Grasberg.
It also dropped JP Morgan as a primary bond dealer after the bank’s research analysts issued a negative report on the country in November.
“It’s a very unfortunate series of issues which all happen to be American,” said the official, who expects them to come up in private during Pence’s visit. Indonesia is the third stop on an April 15-25 tour that includes South Korea, Japan and Australia.
Google declined to comment for this report, and JPMorgan did not respond to a request for comment.
Freeport Indonesia spokesman Riza Pratama said: “This visit is happening entirely independent of our current negotiations with the government of Indonesia.”
However, billionaire investor Carl Icahn, Freeport’s third-biggest shareholder and now a special adviser to Trump, has described Jakarta’s tactics over the mining contract as “disingenuous and insulting”, according to the New York Times.
Another potential irritant is biodiesel.
The U.S. National Biodiesel Board (NBB), a producer group, has petitioned the U.S. government to impose anti-dumping duties on biodiesel from Indonesia and Argentina, claiming they have flooded the U.S. market.
“This is one of the issues that we have asked the trade ministry to bring to the meeting (with Pence),” Paulus Tjakrawan, a director at the Indonesia Biofuel Producers Association, told Reuters.
“Our hope is for the government to be firm … Otherwise we will be taken advantage of,” he said. “Not to act like thugs but, for example, if they put barriers to our exports, why not stop importing some of their goods?”
Despite the strains, the government official said Indonesia would be careful to start its relationship with the Trump administration on the right foot.
Indonesian President Joko Widodo’s approach to foreign policy has been led more by economic interests than geopolitical considerations: he has pursued increased trade and investment from China but keeps a diplomatic distance from Beijing and established a strategic partnership with Washington under former President Barack Obama.
U.S. ambassador to Indonesia, Joseph R. Donovan Jr, said in a statement last week that Pence’s visit reflected a continued commitment to that partnership, would deepen economic engagement and boost regional security cooperation.
“The U.S. embassy here certainly is going to great lengths to make the visit a success,” said the Indonesian official. “My impression is he’s (Pence) not going to ruffle feathers in public, he’s not going to cause a ruckus.”




ARTICLE
April 12, 2017

RUSSIA
Russian President Vladimir Putin says trust has eroded between the United States and Russia under Trump as Moscow gives an unusually hostile reception to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in a face-off over Syria.
Russia blocks a Western effort at the U.N. Security Council to condemn last week’s deadly gas attack in Syria.

ECONOMIC ISSUES
Trump says his administration will not label China a currency manipulator, backing away from a campaign promise, even as he says the dollar is “getting too strong” and eventually will hurt the U.S. economy.
Trump signals he could be moving closer to the mainstream on monetary policy, saying he has not ruled out reappointment of Janet Yellen to a new four-year term as Federal Reserve chair.

NATO
Trump says NATO is not obsolete, as he had declared on the campaign trail last year, but that alliance members still need to pay their fair share for the security umbrella.

TAXES
House Speaker Paul Ryan’s tax reform blueprint appears to be losing its status as the likely framework for the first major tax overhaul since 1986, with rival approaches emerging from the White House and Congress.
Trump says he does not like the “border adjustment” tax formulated by Ryan and other Republicans in the House of Representatives and wants to call it an “import tax” or “reciprocal tax.”

HEALTHCARE
Trump tells the Wall Street Journal he might consider withholding billions of dollars of Obamacare payments to health insurers to force Democrats back to the negotiating table on healthcare.

POSSIBLE CONFLICTS
A Democratic senator is pressing Deutsche Bank to release information about issues including Trump’s debt and any bank meetings with Trump administration officials, saying he had “great concern” about possible conflicts of interest.

NORTH KOREA
Chinese President Xi Jinping calls for peaceful resolution of rising tension on the Korean peninsula in a telephone conversation with Trump, as a U.S. aircraft carrier strike group heads toward the region.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov says after the talks with Tillerson that Moscow and Washington broadly agreed the only solution to the brewing crisis over North Korea is political.

SPICER
White House spokesman Sean Spicer says he had let Trump down with his “inexcusable and reprehensible” comments comparing the use of poison gas by Assad to the atrocities of Adolf Hitler.




ARTICLE
April 12, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Paul Manafort, who served last year as U.S. President Donald Trump’s campaign manager, is planning to register with the Justice Department as a foreign agent, his spokesman said on Wednesday.
Manafort’s lobbying for a foreign client ended before he began working on Trump’s presidential campaign “and was not conducted on behalf of the Russian government,” spokesman Jason Maloni said in a statement.
Manafort’s ties to Russia are part of probes underway by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and congressional intelligence committees into Moscow’s interference in the 2016 presidential election, according to reports by the New York Times and other media.
Manafort has denied any impropriety and has volunteered to be interviewed by the House intelligence committee. Russia has denied interfering in the election.
“Since before the 2016 election, Mr. Manafort has been in discussions with federal authorities about the advisability of registering under FARA for some of his past political work,” Mr. Maloni said, referring to the Foreign Agents Registration Act.
“Mr. Manafort received formal guidance recently from the authorities and he is taking appropriate steps in response to the guidance. The work in question was widely known,” Maloni said. He declined to be more specific.
Manafort previously worked on behalf of the political party of Viktor Yanukovich, the former Kremlin-backed leader of Ukraine.
Manafort resigned from Trump’s campaign last August, days after documents surfaced in Kiev suggesting he had received millions in undisclosed payments from Yanukovich’s party.
The Associated Press reported on Wednesday that it had obtained financial records confirming that at least $1.2 million in payments were received by Manafort’s consulting firm in the United States in 2007 and 2009.
“Any wire transactions received by my company are legitimate payments for political consulting work that was provided. I invoiced my clients and they paid via wire transfer, which I received through a U.S. bank,” Manafort told the AP.




ARTICLE
April 12, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Paul Manafort, who served last year as U.S. President Donald Trump’s campaign manager, is planning to register with the Justice Department as a foreign agent, his spokesman said on Wednesday.
Manafort’s lobbying for a foreign client ended before he began working on Trump’s presidential campaign “and was not conducted on behalf of the Russian government,” spokesman Jason Maloni said in a statement.
Manafort’s ties to Russia are part of probes underway by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and congressional intelligence committees into Moscow’s interference in the 2016 presidential election, according to reports by the New York Times and other media.
Manafort has denied any impropriety and has volunteered to be interviewed by the House intelligence committee. Russia has denied interfering in the election.
“Since before the 2016 election, Mr. Manafort has been in discussions with federal authorities about the advisability of registering under FARA for some of his past political work,” Mr. Maloni said, referring to the Foreign Agents Registration Act.
“Mr. Manafort received formal guidance recently from the authorities and he is taking appropriate steps in response to the guidance. The work in question was widely known,” Maloni said. He declined to be more specific.
Manafort previously worked on behalf of the political party of Viktor Yanukovich, the former Kremlin-backed leader of Ukraine.
Manafort resigned from Trump’s campaign last August, days after documents surfaced in Kiev suggesting he had received millions in undisclosed payments from Yanukovich’s party.
The Associated Press reported on Wednesday that it had obtained financial records confirming that at least $1.2 million in payments were received by Manafort’s consulting firm in the United States in 2007 and 2009.
“Any wire transactions received by my company are legitimate payments for political consulting work that was provided. I invoiced my clients and they paid via wire transfer, which I received through a U.S. bank,” Manafort told the AP.




ARTICLE
April 12, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – A Democratic U.S. senator pressed Deutsche Bank <DBKGn.DE> on Wednesday to release information about issues including President Donald Trump’s debt and any bank meetings with Trump administration officials, saying he had “great concern” about possible conflicts of interest.
“I write to you with great concern regarding conflicts of interest between Deutsche Bank and the President of the United States and how these conflicts may impact ongoing investigations and regulatory oversight of your institution,” Senator Chris Van Hollen wrote in a letter addressed to the chief executive of Deutsche Bank USA, which he released to the public.
Van Hollen is a member of the Senate Banking Committee.
A spokeswoman for Deutsche Bank declined comment. White House officials did not respond to a request for comment.
Van Hollen’s letter said prior financial disclosures listed two loans and two mortgages for which Deutsche Bank was the lender and Trump the borrower. Those loans amounted to about $340 million, with another $950 million extended to a venture in which Trump owns a 30 percent stake, he wrote.
The letter also noted that Jared Kushner, Trump’s son-in-law and senior adviser, holds a multimillion-dollar line of credit at Deutsche Bank.
Van Hollen asked for a response by May 12.




ARTICLE
April 12, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump told The Wall Street Journal on Wednesday that he might consider withholding billions of dollars of Obamacare payments to health insurers to force Democrats back to the negotiating table on healthcare.
Insurers and major medical groups have warned that not funding the payments, called cost-sharing reduction subsidies, which help cover out-of-pocket medical expenses for low-income Americans, could wreak havoc in the individual insurance markets. Trump told The Wall Street Journal that by withholding the payments, Democrats will call him to negotiate.
Major medical and insurance groups penned a letter to Trump on Wednesday urging him to maintain funding for the subsidies, which amount to about $7 billion a year and are paid directly to insurers. They help cover premiums, deductibles and other medical expenses for about 7 million people who purchase health insurance on the individual health insurance market.
House of Representatives Republicans sued the Obama administration for funding the subsidies, which they argue have to be appropriated by Congress. A federal judge in May 2016 ruled in favor of the Republicans, prompting an appeal by the Obama administration. The case is pending in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.
Major insurers, including Humana Inc and Aetna, have left or announced their intention to leave the Obamacare exchanges, citing multi-million-dollar losses and patient populations that are far costlier and sicker than they expected. They warned that withholding the subsidies would destabilize the market further and leave millions of consumers with little or no choice in picking a health insurance plan.




ARTICLE
April 12, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump voiced caution on Wednesday on his relationship with Russian President Vladimir Putin, saying he would wait and see about future ties with Moscow.
But Trump, at a White House news conference, said that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson’s meetings in Moscow this week, which included a meeting with Putin, went better than expected.




ARTICLE
April 12, 2017
By Ayesha Rascoe
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – President Donald Trump, who has proposed cuts to an array of government agencies, is asking department heads to offer up plans to operate more efficiently.
Trump’s budget director, Mick Mulvaney, told reporters on Tuesday he would be instructing agencies to outline how they will comply with the president’s budget, which slashed spending for foreign aid and many domestic programs.
The federal hiring freeze imposed shortly after Trump entered office will be lifted on Wednesday, but agencies will be asked to remain mindful of Trump’s goal to reduce the federal workforce, Mulvaney said during a briefing.
Mulvaney acknowledged that the president’s budget would have to be approved by the Republican-controlled Congress, where lawmakers from both parties have balked at some of the drastic reductions.
“One of the reasons this is so difficult to do is you just can’t wave a magic wand in the Oval Office and do these things,” Mulvaney said. “There will be certain things for which we will need legislative authority.”
In the bare bones budget issued last month, the White House did not offer many specific details on how the budget cuts would be achieved.
Mulvaney will ask departments to fill in some of those blanks. Preliminary plans are due from departments in June, with the final versions expected in September.
Not every department gets a cut under Trump’s plan. Mulvaney stressed that some agencies including the Department of Defense and Veterans Affairs department will be able to beef up their workforce.




ARTICLE
April 12, 2017

RUSSIA
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov says after talks with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson that some progress has been made on Syria and that a working group will be set up to examine the poor state of U.S.-Russia ties.
The United States tells Russia at the United Nations that it is isolating itself by continuing to support Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, while Britain says its scientists found sarin was used in a deadly gas attack on Syrian civilians last week.

NORTH KOREA
Chinese President Xi Jinping calls for a peaceful resolution of rising tension on the Korean peninsula in a telephone conversation with Trump, as a U.S. aircraft carrier strike group heads toward the region.
Foreign journalists visiting North Korea are told to prepare for a “big and important event” on Thursday, although there are no indications it is directly linked to tensions in the region over its nuclear weapons program.

SPICER
White House spokesman Sean Spicer says he had let Trump down with his “inexcusable and reprehensible” comments comparing the use of poison gas by Assad to the atrocities of Adolf Hitler.

TRAVEL BAN
Civil liberties groups say they are filing a series of lawsuits against the U.S. government seeking details on how federal agencies enforced Trump’s ban on travelers from seven Muslim-majority countries.

TAXES
Trump says he does not like the “border adjustment” tax cooked up by House Speaker Paul Ryan and other Republicans in the House of Representatives and would rather call it “an import tax” or “a reciprocal tax.”
MONTENEGRO
The United States says there are credible reports that Russia attempted to interfere in elections last October in Montenegro, which formally became a NATO member this week.

CARL ICAHN
Billionaire investor Carl Icahn’s oil refining company, CVR Energy, made a massive bet last year that prices for U.S. government biofuels credits would fall, just before Icahn started advising Trump on regulations driving that market, Reuters reports.

GOVERNMENT SPENDING
Trump’s budget director, Mick Mulvaney, tells reporters he will be instructing agencies to outline how they will comply with the president’s budget, which slashed spending for foreign aid and many domestic programs.

MELANIA TRUMP
Britain’s Daily Mail agrees to pay Melania Trump an undisclosed sum and issue an apology, and retracts an article saying the first lady offered “services beyond simply modeling” in her former job.




ARTICLE
April 12, 2017
By David Morgan
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump does not like the “border adjustment” tax cooked up by U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan and other Republicans in the House of Representatives. At least, he does not like the term.
“I don’t like the word ‘adjustment’, because our country gets taken advantage of, to use a nice term, by every other country in the world,” Trump told Fox Business News in an interview that aired on Wednesday. “Adjustment means we lose. We lose.”
“Let’s call it an import tax. Let’s call it a reciprocal tax,” he added. “Nobody gets angry when you say reciprocal tax.”
Trump was talking about a provision in Ryan’s House Republican tax blueprint that has polarized the tax reform debate, as the White House tries to score a much-needed legislative victory by overhauling the U.S. tax code for the first time since the Reagan era.
The proposal would exempt U.S. corporate export revenues from federal taxes, while requiring U.S. companies to shoulder the same flat 20 percent tax rate on supplies and other purchased products, whether produced overseas or domestically.
But the president appeared to favor an import tax that could be adjusted to reflect the country of origin’s tax rate for U.S. products. He said such an approach could take the form of trade policy rather than tax policy.
“There has to be a certain reciprocal nature to it,” the president said. “The other countries, if they’re charging you a 50 percent tax, you say: ‘O.K., whatever you charge, we’re charging’.”
The House border adjustment tax, or BAT, would help Trump keep his campaign pledge to create manufacturing jobs, advocates say, by exempting U.S. export revenue from tax while subjecting imports to the same 20 percent corporate tax imposed on domestic products.
But the measure has been angrily denounced by import-dependent industries and rejected by enough Senate Republicans to call its political viability into question.
In his Fox interview, Trump lamented the inequalities of the international tax system, saying U.S. products face high tax rates overseas while foreign-made goods enter the U.S. market tax free.
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin floated the idea of a “reciprocal” tax in February, but administration officials have offered few details and lobbyists have suggested that it could strongly resemble the House BAT proposal.
“I love the idea of reciprocal,” Trump said. “You can call it a reciprocal or a matching tax or a mirror tax. There are numerous terms. But the reciprocal tax is very important.”




ARTICLE
April 12, 2017
Washington, DC – Kendall Forward, OAN Political Correspondent
Secretary of State, Rex Tillerson met with Vladimir Putin in Russia. At home the U.N. Security Council failed to pass a resolution condemning Syria chemical attacks.
Tillerson’s meeting with the Kremlin came amid heightened tensions between the U.S. and Russia, following America’s strike on Syria, one of Russia’s closest allies.
Putin left some unsure whether the meeting was going to happen, after he left Tillerson, a man who he once awarded a medal of friendship and the first Senior Trump official to visit Russia,  waiting for hours.
Before he arrived in Moscow, Tillerson blamed Russia for being either “complicit” in the attack or “incompetent” for failing to prevent it.
On Tuesday, the White House accused Russia of trying to cover up Assad’s responsibility in the Syrian sarin gas attacks.
Today U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley also challenged Russia to decide whether it stands with the “civilized world” over the  Assad regime. “Now is the time Russia needs to show the world whether they genuinely want to be a part of the political process” said Haley.  “We need to see a real cease fire on the ground. We need to see a credible political process through which Syrians can chart their own future. We need to see Russia choose to side with the civilized world over an Assad government that chooses to terrorize its own people.”
Despite raising tensions between the us and Russia, the U.S. strikes against Syria gives Tillerson and the U.S. more leverage, showing they mean business if Assad continues to act inappropriately.



ARTICLE
April 12. 2017
Washington, DC – Young Richardson, OAN Political Correspondent
When Defense Secretary James Mattis was asked at a recent Pentagon news conference about the positioning of an American aircraft carrier near the Korean Peninsula, he made the move seem unremarkable.
“As far as the move of the Vinson, she’s stationed there in the Western Pacific for a reason.  She operates freely up and down the Pacific, and she’s just on her way up there because that’s where we thought it was most prudent to have her at this time.  There’s not a specific demand signal or a reason why we are sending her up there,” the Defense Secretary and former general explained.
No specific demand signal or reason, according to Secretary Mattis, except maybe for President Trump to carry a big stick and speak loudly, says Bruce Klingner, a Senior Research Fellow for Northeast Asia at the Heritage Foundation.
“If he brandishes a big stick, he’s certainly not speaking softly…. The White House press spokesperson…said North Korea has been put on notice and that if he decides to act against North Korea, he would do so proportionately and decisively…. So the President…said that he is sending an Armada to North Korea that not only the carrier but submarines which are far more powerful than the carrier and that he wouldn’t define anything he would do militarily, so he’s trying to signal, he’s trying to pressure North Korea and China,” says Klingner.
Trying to pressure North Korea and China to be more flexible in a region where tensions are growing, he adds.
“Right now the situation in Northeast Asia is, if possible, more uncertain and more unpredictable than normal.  We have the on-going US South Korea military exercises, which are well publicized, and that North Korea always does an annual military training exercise about the same time.  And now we have the deployment or the redeployment of the carrier strike group back to the Korean Peninsula.  It was there earlier…. Taken into context…escalating comments by US officials has created a lot of nervousness and uncertainty,” Klingner observes.
When asked to comment on the positioning of the carrier strike group, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson used similar language to that of Secretary Mattis making it seem almost routine, yet the presence of an American carrier strike force seems to be sending an implicit message–a message that would be hard for any rogue nation to ignore.



ARTICLE
April 12, 2017
New York, NY – Claire Hardwick, OAN Political Correspondent
President Trump’s victory in November left the Democratic Party spinning, but according to famous artist Joy Villa, his victory is the beginning of a conservative awakening in America, especially for millennials.
Joy Villa shocked Hollywood when she wore a Donald Trump dress to the Grammy Awards.
She said she decided to wear the dress because in an industry where you can’t speak your mind, she let the dress do the talking.
“I was just finally fed up, and the designer Andre Soriano, he and I both support Donald trump, we both voted for him we both said this is horrible what happened at the Women’s March, where they’re like “oh I want to bomb the White House he’s a Hitler,” and all this stuff it’s so much negativity- it’s the only story. So we both decided we’re going to change the narrative,” Villa said.
Villa said that the left and Hollywood type-cast the Republican Party, and use this as a way to try and control the narrative.
But the general response to her has been a collective sigh of relief, as more and more people come out to support the president.
“We have a president who’s not the same as everyone else, and he’s waking us up. So were awake, were grumpy we’re getting there and I think as these four years progress, Americans are going to snap to it and say, hey, our country is the greatest country,” Villa said.
Villa said it’s time to stop the labels from the Democratic Party, and for people to wake up and start thinking for themselves rather than what the establishment of Hollywood tells them how to think.
 



ARTICLE
April 12, 2017
By Ayesha Rascoe
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – President Donald Trump, who has proposed cuts to an array of government agencies, is asking department heads to offer up plans to operate more efficiently.
Trump’s budget director, Mick Mulvaney, told reporters on Tuesday he would be instructing agencies to outline how they will comply with the president’s budget, which slashed spending for foreign aid and many domestic programs.
The federal hiring freeze imposed shortly after Trump entered office will be lifted on Wednesday, but agencies will be asked to remain mindful of Trump’s goal to reduce the federal workforce, Mulvaney said during a briefing.
Mulvaney acknowledged that the president’s budget would have to be approved by the Republican-controlled Congress, where lawmakers from both parties have balked at some of the drastic reductions.
“One of the reasons this is so difficult to do is you just can’t wave a magic wand in the Oval Office and do these things,” Mulvaney said. “There will be certain things for which we will need legislative authority.”
In the bare bones budget issued last month, the White House did not offer many specific details on how the budget cuts would be achieved.
Mulvaney will ask departments to fill in some of those blanks. Preliminary plans are due from departments in June, with the final versions expected in September.
Not every department gets a cut under Trump’s plan. Mulvaney stressed that some agencies including the Department of Defense and Veterans Affairs department will be able to beef up their workforce.




ARTICLE
April 12, 2017
By Ayesha Rascoe
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – President Donald Trump, who has proposed cuts to an array of government agencies, is asking department heads to offer up plans to operate more efficiently.
Trump’s budget director, Mick Mulvaney, told reporters on Tuesday he would be instructing agencies to outline how they will comply with the president’s budget, which slashed spending for foreign aid and many domestic programs.
The federal hiring freeze imposed shortly after Trump entered office will be lifted on Wednesday, but agencies will be asked to remain mindful of Trump’s goal to reduce the federal workforce, Mulvaney said during a briefing.
Mulvaney acknowledged that the president’s budget would have to be approved by the Republican-controlled Congress, where lawmakers from both parties have balked at some of the drastic reductions.
“One of the reasons this is so difficult to do is you just can’t wave a magic wand in the Oval Office and do these things,” Mulvaney said. “There will be certain things for which we will need legislative authority.”
In the bare bones budget issued last month, the White House did not offer many specific details on how the budget cuts would be achieved.
Mulvaney will ask departments to fill in some of those blanks. Preliminary plans are due from departments in June, with the final versions expected in September.
Not every department gets a cut under Trump’s plan. Mulvaney stressed that some agencies including the Department of Defense and Veterans Affairs department will be able to beef up their workforce.




ARTICLE
April 11, 2017

RUSSIA, SYRIA AND NORTH KOREA
Trump’s spokesman increases pressure on Russia over a chemical weapons attack in Syria last week, calling Moscow isolated and saying it is trying to shift blame away from Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson carries a unified message from world powers to Moscow, denouncing Russian support for Syria and taking up America’s traditional role as leader of the West on behalf of the Trump administration.
Russia says it hopes forthcoming talks in Moscow with Tillerson will be productive but is extremely worried the United States might decide to unilaterally attack North Korea.
The United States, Britain and France want the U.N. Security Council to bolster its support for international inquiries into the deadly gas attack in Syria that western powers blame on Assad’s forces.
North Korean state media warns of a nuclear attack on the United States at any sign of American aggression, as a U.S. Navy strike group steams toward the western Pacific.
Trump says in a Twitter post that he told China’s President Xi Jinping that Beijing would get a better trade deal with Washington if it helped solve the U.S. problem with North Korea.

UKRAINE
Tillerson asked his European counterparts why American voters should care about the conflict in Ukraine, France’s foreign minister says.

TAXES
Trump, in a Fox Business interview, says tax reform “will be better” if legislation to dismantle Obamacare is passed first by Congress because of the tax savings from the Republican health plan.

BUSINESS LEADERS
Trump tells a group of chief executives that his administration is reducing regulations and revamping the Wall Street reform law known as Dodd-Frank, which might be eliminated and replaced.

IMMIGRATION
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions travels to the U.S.-Mexico border to make his case for increased prosecutions of illegal immigrants, pressuring U.S. attorneys to prioritize cases against criminal migrants.

CLIMATE CHANGE
China, Brazil, India and South Africa have urged industrialized countries to honor financial commitments made in Paris in 2015 to help developing countries fight against global climate change, they say in a statement.

SPICER
White House spokesman Sean Spicer triggers an uproar on social media by saying Adolf Hitler did not use chemical weapons, which critics say overlooks millions of Jews killed in Nazi gas chambers.




ARTICLE
April 11, 2017
By Ian Simpson
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Maryland lawmakers have passed a first-in-the-nation measure that lets the state attorney general sue generic drug makers that sharply raise prices in a move aimed at fighting what legislators call “price-gouging.”
The bill overwhelmingly was approved by the Democratic-controlled legislature on Monday and hailed by Maryland Attorney General Brian Frosh as a way to check sharply higher prices for crucial generic drugs.
The Maryland measure comes as concerns about rising U.S. drug costs have been building for years. For example the 2015 decision by Turing Pharmaceuticals to increase the cost of a life-saving, anti-infection drug by 5,000 percent sparked widespread outrage.
The legislation takes aim at a generic drug market that makes up 88 percent of U.S. pharmaceutical sales and totaled $75 billion in 2015, according to Frosh’s office.
“The market seems to bear it and so some of these manufacturers are charging as much as they possibly can,” Frosh said in a telephone interview on Tuesday.
Governor Larry Hogan, a Republican, has not said whether he would sign the legislation. His representatives did not respond to requests for comment.
The bill allows Maryland’s state authority on Medicaid, a federal healthcare program for the poor, to let the attorney general’s office know when it sees patients being charged an “unconscionable increase” for essential generic drugs.
The attorney general could then seek an explanation from the manufacturer and sue to protect consumers, with a fine of up to $10,000 for each violation. A judge could order the company to reverse its price increase.
Generics are pharmaceuticals that are equivalent to a brand-name drug. They usually are available after patent protections for the original maker run out.
The bill did not touch on branded prescription drugs new to the market since their manufacturers have development and patent costs they are entitled to recoup, Frosh said.
Maryland is the first state to pass a measure to combat excessive price increases, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures. Massachusetts, New York, Rhode Island and Tennessee have similar legislation pending, the conference said.
The legislation would have a “chilling effect” on the generic market in Maryland, said Chester Davis Jr., president of the Association for Accessible Medicines, which represents generic drug makers.
Use of generic drugs had saved Maryland $3.7 billion in 2015, he said.
“To focus on the side of the ecosystem that is actually driving the savings and not the costs definitely seems counterintuitive to us,” he said.




ARTICLE
April 11, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – President Donald Trump said tax reform “will be better” if legislation to dismantle Obamacare is passed first by Congress because of the tax savings from the Republican health plan.
“Healthcare is going to happen, at some point, but if it doesn’t happen fast enough, I’ll start the taxes. But the tax reform and the tax cuts are better if I can do the healthcare first,” Trump said in an excerpt of an interview with Fox Business Network that will air on Wednesday.





ARTICLE
April 11, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – President Donald Trump said tax reform “will be better” if legislation to dismantle Obamacare is passed first by Congress because of the tax savings from the Republican health plan.
“Healthcare is going to happen, at some point, but if it doesn’t happen fast enough, I’ll start the taxes. But the tax reform and the tax cuts are better if I can do the healthcare first,” Trump said in an excerpt of an interview with Fox Business Network that will air on Wednesday.





ARTICLE
April 11, 2017
By Ian Simpson
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Maryland lawmakers have passed a first-in-the-nation measure that lets the state attorney general sue generic drug makers that sharply raise prices in a move aimed at fighting what legislators call “price-gouging.”
The bill overwhelmingly was approved by the Democratic-controlled legislature on Monday and hailed by Maryland Attorney General Brian Frosh as a way to check sharply higher prices for crucial generic drugs.
The Maryland measure comes as concerns about rising U.S. drug costs have been building for years. For example the 2015 decision by Turing Pharmaceuticals to increase the cost of a life-saving, anti-infection drug by 5,000 percent sparked widespread outrage.
The legislation takes aim at a generic drug market that makes up 88 percent of U.S. pharmaceutical sales and totaled $75 billion in 2015, according to Frosh’s office.
“The market seems to bear it and so some of these manufacturers are charging as much as they possibly can,” Frosh said in a telephone interview on Tuesday.
Governor Larry Hogan, a Republican, has not said whether he would sign the legislation. His representatives did not respond to requests for comment.
The bill allows Maryland’s state authority on Medicaid, a federal healthcare program for the poor, to let the attorney general’s office know when it sees patients being charged an “unconscionable increase” for essential generic drugs.
The attorney general could then seek an explanation from the manufacturer and sue to protect consumers, with a fine of up to $10,000 for each violation. A judge could order the company to reverse its price increase.
Generics are pharmaceuticals that are equivalent to a brand-name drug. They usually are available after patent protections for the original maker run out.
The bill did not touch on branded prescription drugs new to the market since their manufacturers have development and patent costs they are entitled to recoup, Frosh said.
Maryland is the first state to pass a measure to combat excessive price increases, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures. Massachusetts, New York, Rhode Island and Tennessee have similar legislation pending, the conference said.
The legislation would have a “chilling effect” on the generic market in Maryland, said Chester Davis Jr., president of the Association for Accessible Medicines, which represents generic drug makers.
Use of generic drugs had saved Maryland $3.7 billion in 2015, he said.
“To focus on the side of the ecosystem that is actually driving the savings and not the costs definitely seems counterintuitive to us,” he said.




ARTICLE
April 11, 2017
Washington, DC – Kendall Forward, OAN Political Correspondent
Supreme Court Judge Neil Gorsuch was sworn in at the Rose Garden of the White House Monday, filling Anthony Scolia’s seat 14 months after his predecessor’s death.
Despite strong push-back from Democrats, one Washington based group, The Faith and Freedom Coalition, worked to get the nominee confirmed up until his swearing in Monday.
Executive Director Timothy Head told One America News the group worked tirelessly to make sure the voices of all Senators’ constituents were heard. “One of the real critical pieces from Faith and Freedom Coalition’s standpoint is to make sure that conservative Christian voices are heard loud and clear,” says Head.
The Coalition contacted senators offices across the country, including many swing states. The group sent letters and made phone calls, urging Senators to listen to their constituents in the nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch.
A day after the judge’s swearing in, Head calls it a great success; “We made sure that Christians from Missouri and from Indiana and from West Virginia, but also from North Dakota and from Montana and a number of other states were very vocal in their communications with their Senators, to let them know that we’re your constituents also.” He said, “unfortunately some other Democratic Senators still felt it was important to kind of ‘stay with the pack’, if you will.”
Despite senate Republicans having to go nuclear to confirm the Judge, Head says they had success in Democratic States, particularly those carried by Trump in the election.  Senators Joe Manchin (WV), Joe Donnelley (IA), and  Heidi Heitkamp (ND) all broke from the pack and came out in support of the justice. According to Head, this  not only shows the reality that they need to cater to the Trump supporters they represent, but also the the kind of nominee Senators had in front of them;  “I think it’s the quality of the nominee himself, in this case Neil Gorsuch, is just a supremely (no pun intended) qualified justice. He is a judge’s judge.”



ARTICLE
April 11, 2017
Washington, D.C. – Trey Yingst, OAN Chief White House Correspondent
Press Secretary Sean Spicer made clear on Tuesday that the Trump administration does not see a peaceful future in Syria with Assad in power.
Spicer held a press briefing as Secretary of State Rex Tillerson met with his Russian counterparts in Moscow. The two parallel events for the administration indicate a commitment to removing Assad from power.
Tillerson said last week that political processes are underway to develop a solution for regime change in Syria. Responding to a question from the media, Spicer indicated that the President supports a takeover of power in Syria.
“There is no peaceful and stable Syria in the future that Assad is a head of,” Spicer said.
Spicer’s comments come after a senior administration official gave more detailed information on the chemical attack that sparked a military response from President Trump.
The senior official told One American News the administration is taking seriously the possibility that the Assad regime is planning more chemical attacks. The White House has made clear that President Trump would respond to future provocations.
 



ARTICLE
April 11, 2017
By Wayne Hester
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (Reuters) – Alabama Governor Robert Bentley resigned on Monday after pleading guilty to two misdemeanors related to campaign finance violations and linked to his relationship with a former adviser, ending a year-long scandal that has enveloped the state’s government.
The guilty pleas were part of an agreement with prosecutors that called for him to step down, said Ellen Brooks, special prosecutor appointed by the state Attorney General Steve Marshall to investigate Bentley.
“I have decided it is time for me to step down as Alabama governor,” said Bentley at a news conference in the state capital of Montgomery, adding that his service “was a calling that God placed on my life.”
He said he would work with his replacement, Lieutenant Governor Kay Ivey, who was sworn in as governor about an hour after his resignation.
Ivey, a Republican, becomes the second woman to serve as Alabama’s governor after Lurleen Wallace, wife of George Wallace, who served from January 1967 until her death in May 1968.
“The Ivey administration will be open, it will be transparent, and it will be honest,” Ivey said during a short speech after her swearing in by the minister at her Montgomery Baptist church.
“What we have done today is to put an end to this administration,” Brooks told reporters. “It states to all of us that no one is above the law, even the governor.”
The Alabama Ethics Commission last week found Bentley probably violated ethics and campaign finance laws after it completed an investigation into allegations that he used public funds to conceal his relationship with Rebekah Mason, a senior adviser who later resigned.
It accused Bentley of ordering law enforcement officers to track down recordings that suggested he had had an affair with Mason and accused him of retaliating against an official who discovered the relationship.
Bentley has denied having a physical relationship with Mason, who is married, and had repeatedly vowed not to resign, saying he had done nothing illegal. His marriage of 50 years also ended as the scandal unfolded.
In his statement on Monday, Bentley apologized for his actions, but did not mention a relationship with Mason.
He was charged with misuse of campaign funds and failure to file campaign financial reports on a timely basis.
After his guilty pleas, an Alabama judge ordered Bentley to serve one year of unsupervised probation, make restitution and give up his retirement benefits from the state. He also agreed not to run for another political office, Brooks said.
After Bentley agreed to the deal, the Alabama House Judiciary Committee suspended hearings which began on Monday that could have led to his impeachment.
During the hearing, Bentley told several top aides “what happens in the governor’s office stays in the governor’s office,” Jack Sharman, the committee’s counsel, said regarding allegations regarding his relationship with Mason.




ARTICLE
April 10, 2017
By Ginger Gibson
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Opponents of a proposal to create a U.S. border tax on imported goods are targeting lawmakers in their home states for the next two weeks while Congress is in recess, according to organizers of the lobbying effort.
The anti-border tax coalition, known as Americans for Affordable Products, includes large corporations that require imports like automakers and retail giants like Target <TGT.N> , Best Buy <BBY.N> and Walmart <WMT.N>. The tax opponents will target 40 members of Congress in 11 states, said coalition spokesman Joshua Baca.
“We’re talking to businesses, local associations, having a frank conversation with them about how dumb this idea is,” Baca said. His group argues the proposal will raise consumer prices.
As part of a total overhaul of the U.S. tax code, Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan has proposed lowering the corporate income tax to 20 percent from 35 percent, imposing a 20 percent tax on imports and excluding export revenue from taxable income.
The proposal has some strong corporate backers who say it will boost American jobs and not raise prices, including companies that do considerable amount of exporting, such as Boeing <BA.N>, Caterpillar <CAT.N> and Pfizer <PFE.N>.
The anti-border tax group is planning to host a town hall meeting next week in Nevada with Republican Senator Dean Heller, which will also be co-sponsored by local business groups and Americans For Prosperity, the conservative group funded by the Republican Koch brothers which also opposes the border tax.
Town hall meetings have gained more attention recently as events featuring Republican lawmakers have been targeted by activists to voice their opposition to several proposals, including repealing the Affordable Care Act which widened health insurance coverage for about 20 million Americans.
Additionally, the anti-tax group will hold a discussion in Ohio with Republican Representative David Joyce, where he will hear from local furniture store owners who would be affected by a border tax, Baca said.
Concurrently, members of the Retail Industry Leaders Association, which is comprised of large retailers like Autozone <AZO.N> , Walgreens Boot Alliance, Inc. <WBA.O> and J.C. Penny Company, are using the recess to give members of Congress behind-the-scenes tours of both their headquarters and stores in an effort to persuade them against the tax, spokesman Brian Dodge said.
Both groups are hoping to make more voters aware of their position and are armed with an opinion poll by a pollster who also works for several Republican members of Congress.
The poll, shared first with Reuters and which was conducted with funding from opponents of the tax, found 63 percent of voters are against the tax, including 70 percent of women.
Additionally, the poll makes the case that 56 percent of voters say they would be less likely to vote for a member of Congress who supports the tax proposal.




ARTICLE
April 10, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump is open to authorizing additional strikes on Syria if its government uses chemical weapons again or deploys barrel bombs in the country, the White House said on Monday.
“The sight of people being gassed and blown away by barrel bombs ensures that if we see this kind of action again, we hold open the possibility of future action,” White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters.
“If you gas a baby, if you put a barrel bomb in to innocent people … you will see a response from this president.”
Barrel bombs are oil drums or cylinders packed with explosives and shrapnel.
Trump ordered a cruise missile strike on Syria’s Shayrat air base last week in response to what his administration and U.S. allies say was a poison gas attack by Syria’s military in which scores of civilians, including many children, died.
Spicer said later his mention of barrel bombs as a potential trigger for further action by the United States did not reflect a change in position.
“Nothing has changed in our posture,” he said by email.
“The president retains the option to act in Syria against the Assad regime whenever it is in the national interest, as was determined following that government’s use of chemical weapons against its own citizens. And as the president has repeatedly made clear, he will not be telegraphing his military responses.”




ARTICLE
April 10, 2017
Washington, D.C. – Trey Yingst, OAN Chief White House Correspondent
Press Secretary Sean Spicer formally briefed the media for the first time since President Trump ordered missile strikes on a Syrian government airbase last week.
The strikes, in response to a chemical attack, marked a shift in policy for the Executive Branch of the United States. Previously, the Obama administration never struck Syrian government targets.
At Monday’s press briefing, Spicer appeared to double down on this shift in policy by not ruling out the possibility of future action in Syria.
Responding to a question asked by One America News, Spicer said it would be up to international courts to label Syrian President Bashar al-Assad a war criminal. He also noted that the future of Syria looks bleak if Assad is not removed from power.
“I can’t imagine a stable and peaceful Syria where Assad is in power,” Spicer said.
Spicer indicated that the US special envoy for Syria will be in Washington Tuesday to discuss a path forward for regime change in Syria.



ARTICLE
April 10, 2017
ROME (Reuters) – U.S. energy secretary Rick Perry has said nothing about the U.S. backpedaling on climate change commitments, French Minister of Ecology, Sustainable Development and Energy Segolene Royal said on Monday.
In March U.S. President Donald Trump signed an order to undo Obama-era climate change regulations, keeping a campaign promise to support the coal industry.
The order called into question U.S. support for an international deal to fight global warming, prompting environmental groups to call it dangerous and against the global trend toward cleaner energy technologies. 
“Contacts with the new minister are very friendly,” she said, adding the U.S. administration was in the process of elaborating its new policies.
Segolene Royal was speaking on the sidelines of a G7 meeting on energy in Rome.




ARTICLE
April 10, 2017
By David Lawder
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump is considering an executive order to launch a trade investigation that could lead to supplemental duties in certain product categories, a Trump administration official told Reuters.
Trump has made reducing U.S. trade deficits a key focus of his economic agenda to try to grow American manufacturing jobs. He has taken particular aim at renegotiating trade relationships with China and Mexico.
The new order, if issued, would seek to determine whether U.S. trade deficits for those product lines are the result of dumping of imported products below cost and unfair subsidies by foreign governments, the official said late on Sunday in Washington.
That could eventually lead to additional import duties, but any decisions on such punishments would depend on the probe’s findings, not “pre-determined conclusions,” said the official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the order was still being considered. The official did not specify which product lines could be investigated.
“The administration would use the results of that investigation to determine the best path forward, which could include everything from no action at all to the levying of supplemental duties,” the official said.
The Axios news website earlier quoted an official saying such an executive order would likely target steel and aluminum, two industries that are battling for more protection from Chinese imports. Axios said it also may target household appliances, where South Korean manufacturers with Chinese factories have gained market share.
The Trump administration official did not provide any details to Reuters on timing of the executive order, which would be separate from a March 31 Trump order authorizing a 90-day Commerce Department study of trade abuses and their effect on U.S. trade deficits.

TRUMP-XI 100-DAY PLAN
News of the additional order comes two days after Trump’s first meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping in Florida, where the two leaders agreed to launch a 100-day plan for trade talks aimed at boosting U.S. exports to China and reducing the U.S. trade deficit with China.
Trump during his election campaign had threatened punitive tariffs on Chinese imports and to declare China a currency manipulator. He has not followed through on either threat thus far.
The U.S. steel industry has already won extensive anti-dumping and anti-subsidy duties on imports from China and other countries and the aluminum industry is seeking similar protections. U.S. appliance maker Whirlpool Corp. has also won anti-dumping duties against Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics brand clothes washers made in China.
But U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross and Trump’s nominee to be the top U.S. trade negotiator, Robert Lighthizer, have said they would work to find new trade remedies to stop unfairly traded imports.
Among options they are expected to explore are trade actions under Section 301 of the Tariff Act of 1930, a provision used extensively in the 1980s to raise tariffs and import quotas on certain Japanese products including steel and motorcycles.
Section 301 has largely gone unused since the World Trade Organization was launched in 1995.




ARTICLE
April 9, 2017
By Steve Holland
PALM BEACH, Fla. (Reuters) – President Donald Trump’s deputy national security adviser, K.T. McFarland, is expected to step down and has been offered the position of U.S. ambassador to Singapore, a U.S. official said on Sunday.
The move will be seen as a victory for Trump’s national security adviser, H.R. McMaster, who is retooling the national security team he inherited from retired Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, who resigned as Trump’s first national security adviser in February.
McFarland, 65, is a former national security analyst for Fox News and was one of Trump’s original hires after he won the presidential election on Nov. 8.
The exact date of her departure was unclear, said the U.S. official, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
News of her pending departure came less than a week after Trump removed his chief strategist, Steve Bannon, from the National Security Council at McMaster’s urging. Bannon had a seat on the council’s “principals committee,” which included the secretaries of state, defense and other ranking aides. Flynn was forced to resign on Feb. 13 over his contacts with Russia’s ambassador to the United States, Sergey Kislyak, before Trump took office on Jan. 20.
McFarland’s expected departure will likely elevate the status of Dina Powell, who is deputy national security adviser for strategy. She had served in Republican President George W. Bush’s State Department, and had advised Trump’s daughter, Ivanka Trump, during Trump’s transition to the presidency.
Trump’s White House has been rife with infighting and palace intrigue as the president has struggled to get past some early stumbles.




ARTICLE
April 8, 2017
By Alison Frankel and Dustin Volz
NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) – An attempt by U.S. authorities to identify an anonymous critic of President Donald Trump on Twitter has set off alarm bells among Democratic and Republican lawmakers and civil liberties advocates fearful of a crackdown on dissent.
Twitter Inc on Friday succeeded in beating back a demand for records about a Twitter account called ALT Immigration (@ALT_uscis), which pokes fun at Trump’s immigration policies and appears to be run by one or more federal employees.
The U.S. government withdrew an administrative summons that customs agents had sent the company in March demanding the records.
But the government backed away only after Twitter filed a federal lawsuit accusing it of violating the First Amendment’s protection of free speech. Customs agents could still continue the investigation using some other methods, civil liberties attorneys said.
Although authorities retreated, the case has laid bare the broad power of the U.S. government to demand information from technology companies, sometimes with no oversight from the courts and often with built-in secrecy provisions that prevent the public from knowing what the government is seeking.
The summons that Twitter received came from agents who investigate corruption and misconduct within U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP). Even after it was withdrawn, some lawmakers had questions about the agency’s actions.
“CBP must ensure that any properly authorized investigation does not disregard the rights to free speech enshrined in the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution,” two Republican U.S. senators, Cory Gardner of Colorado and Mike Lee of Utah, wrote in a letter on Friday to Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly.
The senators asked whether the agency would ever ask a private company to divulge private records about a customer based solely on “non-criminal speech.” Senate Democrat Ron Wyden of Oregon called for an investigation of whether customs agents had violated a law by retaliating against an internal critic.
The Department of Homeland Security plans to respond directly to the senators, an official said on Friday.

FORMIDABLE RANGE
There are two primary ways the U.S. government can obtain information from internet companies without a judge’s approval using a law known as the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, according to experts in privacy law.
Agencies with enforcement power, such as the Internal Revenue Service, can issue administrative subpoenas demanding user records. Prosecutors can also ask grand juries investigating a crime to issue a subpoena.
An aggressive agency, for example, might demand information about a Twitter account that used an agency logo on the grounds that it is deceptive, said Georgetown University law professor Paul Ohm.
Similarly, a prosecutor could ask a grand jury to issue a subpoena based on the idea that a federal employee, suspected of criticizing the administration anonymously, was misusing government resources.
“It doesn’t take a brilliant legal mind to think of hypotheticals,” Ohm said. Further, such subpoenas are usually kept secret, making them more difficult to challenge.
Some other government tools, such as a national security letter, are intended to be used for narrow purposes related to counter-terrorism investigations. But they do not require judicial approval either, instead relying on internal safeguards. Challenging such demands is difficult and often requires deep pockets, attorneys familiar with such orders said.
“It’s important to keep in mind how formidable the government’s range of investigatory powers is,” said Andrew Crocker, a staff attorney with the Electronic Frontier Foundation, which advocates for digital rights.
In the case of ALT Immigration, Twitter said it was not bound to keep the summons a secret, and the company informed the account holder of the government demand. That person then found legal representation with the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU).
Esha Bhandari, the ACLU staff attorney representing the dissident, said she thinks the speed with which the government withdrew its summons – less than a day after Twitter sued – means the customs agents will cease investigating, but she cannot be sure.
“It’s impossible to predict, of course, but I’m hopeful that this really is a recognition that people have the ability to speak online including in ways that are critical of the government,” Bhandari said.
The Department of Homeland Security has not said what its plans are for the investigation.
After Trump’s inauguration in January, anonymous Twitter feeds that borrowed the names and logos of more than a dozen U.S. government agencies appeared to challenge the president’s views on climate change and other issues. They called themselves “alt” accounts.
Twitter has declined to say if it has received any other government demands to reveal such anti-Trump critics.




ARTICLE
April 7, 2017

U.S. STRIKES SYRIA
Russia warns that U.S. cruise missile strikes on a Syrian air base could have “extremely serious” consequences, as Trump’s first major foray into a foreign conflict opens a rift between Moscow and Washington.
U.S. lawmakers from both parties back Trump’s strikes on Syria, but demand he spell out a broader strategy for dealing with the conflict and consult with Congress on any further action.
Many Trump voters interviewed by Reuters say his decision to attack the Syrian airfield was a decisive show of strength and resolve – just what they voted for in November; some far-right supporters of his candidacy condemn the strikes.
Allies around the world express support for the strikes, calling them a proportionate response to Syrian forces’ suspected use of chemical weapons, while Syria and its allies, Russia and Iran, denounce the attack.
Israeli leaders welcome the U.S. strikes in Syria, saying they send a strong message that the Trump administration would not accept the use of chemical weapons and are a warning to other hostile states, including Iran and North Korea.

SENATE CONFIRMS GORSUCH
The Republican-led Senate gives Trump the biggest triumph of his young presidency over stout Democratic opposition, confirming his Supreme Court nominee, Neil Gorsuch, and restoring a conservative majority on the highest U.S. judicial body.
Gorsuch will have an immediate impact on cases already pending before the Supreme Court, including those touching on religious rights, employee lawsuits and other issues.

TRUMP-XI SUMMIT
Trump presses Chinese President Xi Jingping to do more to curb North Korea’s nuclear program and help reduce the gaping U.S. trade deficit with Beijing in talks, even as he tones down the strident anti-China rhetoric of his election campaign.

COUNCIL OF ECONOMIC ADVISERS
Trump intends to nominate Kevin Hassett, a scholar at the American Enterprise Institute and fiscal policy expert, as chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers, the White House says.

MEXICAN DRUG WAR
For the first time in at least a decade, Mexico’s army is allowing the United States and the United Nations to observe opium poppy eradication, a step toward deeper cooperation to fight heroin traffickers, three sources in Mexico tell Reuters.

TWITTER CASE
Twitter Inc drops a lawsuit it filed on Thursday against the U.S. Homeland Security Department, saying the government had withdrawn a summons for records about who was behind an account critical of Trump.




ARTICLE
April 7, 2017

U.S. STRIKES SYRIA
Russia warns that U.S. cruise missile strikes on a Syrian air base could have “extremely serious” consequences, as Trump’s first major foray into a foreign conflict opens a rift between Moscow and Washington.
U.S. lawmakers from both parties back Trump’s strikes on Syria, but demand he spell out a broader strategy for dealing with the conflict and consult with Congress on any further action.
Many Trump voters interviewed by Reuters say his decision to attack the Syrian airfield was a decisive show of strength and resolve – just what they voted for in November; some far-right supporters of his candidacy condemn the strikes.
Allies around the world express support for the strikes, calling them a proportionate response to Syrian forces’ suspected use of chemical weapons, while Syria and its allies, Russia and Iran, denounce the attack.
Israeli leaders welcome the U.S. strikes in Syria, saying they send a strong message that the Trump administration would not accept the use of chemical weapons and are a warning to other hostile states, including Iran and North Korea.

SENATE CONFIRMS GORSUCH
The Republican-led Senate gives Trump the biggest triumph of his young presidency over stout Democratic opposition, confirming his Supreme Court nominee, Neil Gorsuch, and restoring a conservative majority on the highest U.S. judicial body.
Gorsuch will have an immediate impact on cases already pending before the Supreme Court, including those touching on religious rights, employee lawsuits and other issues.

TRUMP-XI SUMMIT
Trump presses Chinese President Xi Jingping to do more to curb North Korea’s nuclear program and help reduce the gaping U.S. trade deficit with Beijing in talks, even as he tones down the strident anti-China rhetoric of his election campaign.

COUNCIL OF ECONOMIC ADVISERS
Trump intends to nominate Kevin Hassett, a scholar at the American Enterprise Institute and fiscal policy expert, as chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers, the White House says.

MEXICAN DRUG WAR
For the first time in at least a decade, Mexico’s army is allowing the United States and the United Nations to observe opium poppy eradication, a step toward deeper cooperation to fight heroin traffickers, three sources in Mexico tell Reuters.

TWITTER CASE
Twitter Inc drops a lawsuit it filed on Thursday against the U.S. Homeland Security Department, saying the government had withdrawn a summons for records about who was behind an account critical of Trump.




ARTICLE
April 7, 2017
By Chris Francescani and Bernie Woodall
NEW YORK/FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. (Reuters) – For many supporters of U.S. President Donald Trump, his decision to bomb a Syrian airfield in retaliation for a poison gas attack was a decisive show of strength and resolve – just what they voted for in November.
In interviews with more than a dozen Trump voters, many acknowledged that getting the U.S. military directly involved in the Syrian conflict was a far cry from the “America First” isolationism the Republican candidate espoused during the campaign.
Unlike several prominent far-right backers who denounced Thursday’s air strikes in Syria , most of the Trump voters interviewed in Texas, Florida and New York on Friday said the attack was not an abdication of his commitment to put U.S. interests above all others.
“Love it, love it, love it, love it. He said from Day One that he’s not going to take any nonsense,” Anthony Calvanese, 28, a construction foreman, told a reporter on a sidewalk in New York City’s Staten Island borough. “He needs to start showing our superiority in the world.”
Trump’s order came despite his vow in the 2016 campaign to avoid entanglements in Middle East conflicts. Four years ago, he also admonished his predecessor, Democrat Barack Obama, to refrain from retaliating after the Syrian government launched a poison gas attack on its own citizens.
The apparent ideological inconsistencies angered some of Trump’s staunchest supporters on the far right.
Paul Joseph Watson, a London-based editor at Infowars, a U.S. media outlet praised by Trump that promotes unsubstantiated conspiracy theories, declared on Twitter he was “OFF the Trump train.”
Self-described white nationalist leader Richard Spencer called Trump’s decision a “betrayal” and the “end of America First.”
By contrast, several Trump voters said they still trusted the president to deliver on his promises.
Todd Recknagel, a 53-year-old managing partner of a private equity firm in Panama City Beach, Florida, said the move reinforced his support for Trump because it showed the president is willing to adjust his thinking based on events.
“I appreciate the fact that he’s not so inwardly focused that he’s willing to stand up for principle on something like Syria,” he said in a phone interview.
“(Ronald) Reagan wouldn’t allow that stuff either,” he said, referring to the 1980s president revered by Republicans.
Some Trump backers said he had no choice but to act given the horror of Tuesday’s poison gas attack.
“If we allowed this to go by, we would be as bad as those who stood by and did nothing as Hitler marched across Europe” in World War 2, Tom Harney, 64, a yacht broker from Lauderhill, Florida, said outside a diner in Fort Lauderdale.
That sentiment was echoed by Joseph Mure Jr., a lawyer who practices in Brooklyn.
“They murdered innocents: women, babies, children,” he told a reporter after exiting a Staten Island courthouse. “How many bombs did we drop on Syria? I wish we’d dropped twice that amount.” U.S. warships in the Mediterranean Sea launched dozens of Tomahawk missiles at the airfield.
Others said Trump, who cultivated a tough image during the campaign and promised to strengthen the American military, was demonstrating that the United States remains the world’s leader.
“We’re no longer leading from behind,” said Art Tillberg, 67, of Coral Springs, Florida, referring to a phrase Republicans used to criticize Obama’s 2011 efforts to oust Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi.
Still, not all Trump voters agreed with the missile strike, echoing objections from some on the far right that it ran counter to his campaign promises.
Anthony Sage, a 42-year-old retired Army staff sergeant, said the attack undermined Trump’s “America First” message.
“The strike is a waste of American time and money,” Sage, who said he served tours of duty in Iraq and Afghanistan, said on Friday outside the Fort Hood Army base in Killeen, Texas. “We should be taking care of people here in America first.”
Abdi Mohamed, a 23-year-old Somali immigrant from St. Paul, Minnesota, who voted for Trump in November, said the move showed the president was abandoning his outsider instincts in favor of following the advice of the political establishment.
“He was against military action in Syria, but now it seems more and more he is becoming a bit of a cog in the system,” Mohamed said in a phone interview.
A few Trump voters found themselves torn: wary of the decision to embroil the United States in Syria’s six-year civil war but unwilling to abandon the president they elected.
“I’m kind of on the fence,” said Melanie Groves, 39, a small business owner in Louisville, Illinois, who organized a pro-Trump rally last month.
“Best-case scenario, this would be a strong message that this red line has been crossed,” she said in a phone interview. “Worst-case scenario, there are a lot of conspiracy theorists that think we are headed towards World War 3.”




ARTICLE
April 7, 2017
By Sarah N. Lynch
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission said on Friday it is suspending enforcement of the costliest requirements of its “conflict minerals” rule, after a court remanded it back to the regulator because part of it violates the U.S. Constitution.
Acting SEC Chairman Mike Piwowar, a Republican, said he has asked staff for a recommendation on how to proceed with the rule, which requires companies to disclose if their products contain certain minerals from a war-torn part of Africa.
For now, he added, companies will not be required to conduct a due diligence review or an audit, which are both part of the process used to determine the origin of the minerals.
“Until these issues are resolved, it is difficult to conceive of a circumstance that would counsel in favor of enforcing” the due diligence requirements, he said in a statement.
The move sparked backlash from SEC Democratic Commissioner Kara Stein, who accused Piwowar of acting beyond his authority to gut the meat of a rule mandated by Congress, adopted by the SEC and reviewed by the courts.
“It is unprecedented for one commissioner, acting alone and without official notice and comment, to engage in de facto rulemaking,” she said.
“It represents a troubling attack not only on the Commission process, but also on the restraints of government power.”
The conflict minerals rule was required by the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law and is supported by human rights groups that want companies to tell investors if their products contain tantalum, tin, gold or tungsten mined from the Democratic Republic of Congo, in the hope that such disclosures will curb funding to armed groups.
Business groups have contended that it forces companies to furnish politically charged information that is irrelevant to making investment decisions and that it costs too much for companies to trace the source of minerals through the supply chain.
In 2014, a U.S. appeals court struck down part of the conflict minerals law after the Business Roundtable, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Association of Manufacturers sued the SEC over it.
The court found part of it violated free speech rights of companies by forcing them to publicly state that their products were not conflict free.
The rest of the rule was left intact.
Since then, companies have furnished reports with SEC and conducted due diligence, though they were granted a reprieve from the audit requirement and the labeling of the minerals themselves.
The litigation formally came to an end on Monday, when the lower court remanded the rule back to the SEC to address the First Amendment concerns.
The appeals court did not say whether the Dodd-Frank law itself or the SEC’s implementation of the rule violated the Constitution, a matter that the SEC will now need to determine.
Companies will still need to file required forms with the SEC and do origin inquiries, as they have been doing.




ARTICLE
April 7, 2017
By Patricia Zengerle and Amanda Becker
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Members of the U.S. Congress from both parties on Friday backed President Donald Trump’s cruise missile strikes on Syria, but demanded he develop a strategy for dealing with the broader conflict and consult with Congress on any further action.
In the biggest foreign policy decision of his presidency, Trump ordered the firing of cruise missiles at a Syrian air base that U.S. officials said was the launching point for a deadly chemical weapons attack against Syrian civilians this week.
“The strike was well planned, well executed. It was certainly more than a pinprick, and sends a message … that using chemical weapons again is not something (Syrian president Bashar al-Assad) can do with impunity,” Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told a news conference.
McConnell said Vice President Mike Pence had called him to explain the rationale for the strikes. It was one of a series of calls by administration officials to members of Congress beginning shortly before the strikes and extending until after midnight on Thursday evening.
Senator Bob Corker, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, was called by Attorney General Jeff Sessions, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Trump himself. After seeing the devastation in Syria and visiting refugee camps, he said he became emotional when he heard the news.
“When I talked to the president last night, I told him how proud I was of our country. And him,” Corker said.
Democratic Senator Mark Warner, vice chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, said Trump’s Director of National Intelligence, Dan Coats, had called.
“I am hopeful these strikes will convince the Assad regime that such actions should never be repeated,” Warner said in a statement.

‘RED LINE’
Partisan debate over how to deal with Syria has been bitter. In 2013, then-President Barack Obama ran into stiff resistance from many Republicans, including McConnell, when he proposed military action to retaliate for a chemical attack that crossed Obama’s red line.
Many Democrats, some of whom had paid a political penalty for backing Republican President George W. Bush’s war in Iraq, also opposed intervention.
Obama’s abrupt decision not to fire missiles and instead work with Russia to remove Assad’s chemical weapons infuriated many Republicans who had backed the Democratic president’s proposal.
The conflict in Syria has now dragged on for seven years, devastating the country, destabilizing the region and leaving millions homeless.
Republican Senator Marco Rubio said he wanted a broader strategy. “I would love to have one yesterday, or the day before. I’d like to have one already but I’d rather them design it correctly than not,” he said, leaving a briefing by General Joseph Dunford, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
Most lawmakers insisted Trump should seek Congress’ approval for any additional military action.
“Congress must live up to its Constitutional responsibility to debate an Authorization of the Use of Military Force against a sovereign nation,” Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi wrote in a letter asking Speaker Paul Ryan to call the House of Representatives back to Washington to debate a formal authorization to use military force.
The House is not due to return until late April.
Republican Senator Rand Paul, a member of the foreign relations committee, called the Syria strikes illegal. Under the U.S. Constitution, declarations of war require congressional approval. “We’ve had no chance to weigh or weigh in on whether we should do it or not,” Paul told reporters.
Democratic Senator Chris Murphy, another committee member, said that if Congress does not assert itself now, it risked losing its constitutional right to declare war.
“I think it’s devastating to the future role of Congress in foreign affairs. If we don’t authorize this action, I don’t see why any president would ever come to Congress,” Murphy said.




ARTICLE
April 7, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump, concerned about infighting among his team, is considering a major shakeup of senior officials on his staff in an effort to eliminate some of the White House drama, The Wall Street Journal reported on Friday.
The crisis in Syria sharpened Trump’s desire to reduce the infighting and he is expected to make some staffing decisions soon, the Journal said, citing a senior administration official.
Asked about the article, a White House spokeswoman said it was “completely false.”
The Journal said Trump has spoken to some of the people close to him in recent days about the performance of Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and has asked for the names of possible replacements.
Some people close to the president have suggested Gary Cohn, the director of the National Economic Council and a former executive at Goldman Sachs Group Inc, the Journal reported.
Another aide who could be reassigned is Steve Bannon, Trump’s chief strategist, who has tangled with Jared Kushner, the president’s son-in-law and a close adviser, the Journal said.
Trump removed Bannon from the National Security Council this week in what was seen as a victory for new national security adviser H.R. McMaster, a former Army lieutenant general who was working to exert control over the national security apparatus.
White House spokeswoman Lindsay Walters said the Journal story was an attempt to distract from Trump’s “bold and decisive” action in ordering missile strikes on Syria, the Senate’s confirmation of Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch and the visits of foreign leaders this week.
“Once again this is a completely false story driven by people who want to distract from the success taking place in this administration.” she said. “The only thing we are shaking up is the way Washington operates as we push the President’s aggressive agenda forward,” she said.




ARTICLE
April 7, 2017
MOSCOW (Reuters) – A visit to Moscow by U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is on the agenda for the coming week, Interfax news agency cited a Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman as saying on Friday.
Maria Zakharova said the ministry expected Tillerson to explain Washington’s stance in light of the U.S. missile strike on Syria.
“Let him come (to Moscow) and tell what strange things they did”, she said, according to Interfax.




ARTICLE
April 7, 2017
By Patricia Zengerle
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Representative Mike Conaway’s new role leading the House Intelligence Committee investigation into the Trump team’s ties to Russia has plunged the low-profile legislator into one of the most contentious issues in Congress and the country.
Republicans and Democrats both praised his selection. He has administrative experience as a committee chairman, and familiarity with delicate subjects after leading the House Ethics Committee from 2013 to 2015.
“I like him. I hope he can get us back on track,” Representative Eric Swalwell, a Democratic committee member, said in a brief interview outside the U.S. House of Representatives.
While Conaway, 68, has ties to mainstream Republicans and a long association with the Bush political family, the former accountant from Texas was a strong Trump supporter during the 2016 campaign.
In 2016, Conaway backed Trump, citing the candidate’s choice of Mike Pence as his vice president, his promise to appoint conservative Supreme Court justices and the congressman’s own vehement opposition to Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton.
But unlike Devin Nunes – who on Thursday stepped down as leader of the investigation into alleged Russian meddling in the U.S. presidential election, including possible collusion with Trump associates – Conaway was not a member of the incoming president’s transition team. Russia denies the allegations.
Conaway is considered less partisan than some other Republican committee members such as Trey Gowdy, the chairman of the House Select Committee that investigated the 2012 attacks on a U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi, Libya. Democrats accused Gowdy of running a partisan inquiry that focused on former Secretary of State Clinton in an effort to damage her 2016 presidential campaign.
In his statement announcing he would step aside, Nunes said Gowdy and another Republican committee member, Tom Rooney, would also be leaders of the Russia investigation.
Fox News reported that Nunes called Conaway on Wednesday night.
Nevertheless, some Conaway comments about the Russia investigation have raised eyebrows.
During a March 20 committee hearing, he asked FBI Director James Comey whether Washington Post reporters had helped intelligence agencies write their assessment that Moscow was seeking to help Trump win the election.
And in a January interview with the Dallas Morning News, he seemed to make light of the alleged Russian meddling in the election, saying it and the Democrats’ use of Mexican singers to entertain their voters were both “foreign interference.”
Although he also serves as chairman of the House Agriculture Committee, Conaway has kept a low profile, and is better known for his close ties to the Bush family than the media spotlight.
First elected to the House in 2004, and easily re-elected six times, Conaway is the second-ranking Republican on the intelligence panel.
House Speaker Paul Ryan told reporters on Thursday that he had faith in Conaway. “I am confident that he will oversee a professional investigation into Russia’s actions and follow the facts wherever they may lead,” Ryan said.




ARTICLE
April 7, 2017
By Patricia Zengerle
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Representative Mike Conaway’s new role leading the House Intelligence Committee investigation into the Trump team’s ties to Russia has plunged the low-profile legislator into one of the most contentious issues in Congress and the country.
Republicans and Democrats both praised his selection. He has administrative experience as a committee chairman, and familiarity with delicate subjects after leading the House Ethics Committee from 2013 to 2015.
“I like him. I hope he can get us back on track,” Representative Eric Swalwell, a Democratic committee member, said in a brief interview outside the U.S. House of Representatives.
While Conaway, 68, has ties to mainstream Republicans and a long association with the Bush political family, the former accountant from Texas was a strong Trump supporter during the 2016 campaign.
In 2016, Conaway backed Trump, citing the candidate’s choice of Mike Pence as his vice president, his promise to appoint conservative Supreme Court justices and the congressman’s own vehement opposition to Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton.
But unlike Devin Nunes – who on Thursday stepped down as leader of the investigation into alleged Russian meddling in the U.S. presidential election, including possible collusion with Trump associates – Conaway was not a member of the incoming president’s transition team. Russia denies the allegations.
Conaway is considered less partisan than some other Republican committee members such as Trey Gowdy, the chairman of the House Select Committee that investigated the 2012 attacks on a U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi, Libya. Democrats accused Gowdy of running a partisan inquiry that focused on former Secretary of State Clinton in an effort to damage her 2016 presidential campaign.
In his statement announcing he would step aside, Nunes said Gowdy and another Republican committee member, Tom Rooney, would also be leaders of the Russia investigation.
Fox News reported that Nunes called Conaway on Wednesday night.
Nevertheless, some Conaway comments about the Russia investigation have raised eyebrows.
During a March 20 committee hearing, he asked FBI Director James Comey whether Washington Post reporters had helped intelligence agencies write their assessment that Moscow was seeking to help Trump win the election.
And in a January interview with the Dallas Morning News, he seemed to make light of the alleged Russian meddling in the election, saying it and the Democrats’ use of Mexican singers to entertain their voters were both “foreign interference.”
Although he also serves as chairman of the House Agriculture Committee, Conaway has kept a low profile, and is better known for his close ties to the Bush family than the media spotlight.
First elected to the House in 2004, and easily re-elected six times, Conaway is the second-ranking Republican on the intelligence panel.
House Speaker Paul Ryan told reporters on Thursday that he had faith in Conaway. “I am confident that he will oversee a professional investigation into Russia’s actions and follow the facts wherever they may lead,” Ryan said.




ARTICLE
April 7, 2017
By Patricia Zengerle
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Representative Mike Conaway’s new role leading the House Intelligence Committee investigation into the Trump team’s ties to Russia has plunged the low-profile legislator into one of the most contentious issues in Congress and the country.
Republicans and Democrats both praised his selection. He has administrative experience as a committee chairman, and familiarity with delicate subjects after leading the House Ethics Committee from 2013 to 2015.
“I like him. I hope he can get us back on track,” Representative Eric Swalwell, a Democratic committee member, said in a brief interview outside the U.S. House of Representatives.
While Conaway, 68, has ties to mainstream Republicans and a long association with the Bush political family, the former accountant from Texas was a strong Trump supporter during the 2016 campaign.
In 2016, Conaway backed Trump, citing the candidate’s choice of Mike Pence as his vice president, his promise to appoint conservative Supreme Court justices and the congressman’s own vehement opposition to Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton.
But unlike Devin Nunes – who on Thursday stepped down as leader of the investigation into alleged Russian meddling in the U.S. presidential election, including possible collusion with Trump associates – Conaway was not a member of the incoming president’s transition team. Russia denies the allegations.
Conaway is considered less partisan than some other Republican committee members such as Trey Gowdy, the chairman of the House Select Committee that investigated the 2012 attacks on a U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi, Libya. Democrats accused Gowdy of running a partisan inquiry that focused on former Secretary of State Clinton in an effort to damage her 2016 presidential campaign.
In his statement announcing he would step aside, Nunes said Gowdy and another Republican committee member, Tom Rooney, would also be leaders of the Russia investigation.
Fox News reported that Nunes called Conaway on Wednesday night.
Nevertheless, some Conaway comments about the Russia investigation have raised eyebrows.
During a March 20 committee hearing, he asked FBI Director James Comey whether Washington Post reporters had helped intelligence agencies write their assessment that Moscow was seeking to help Trump win the election.
And in a January interview with the Dallas Morning News, he seemed to make light of the alleged Russian meddling in the election, saying it and the Democrats’ use of Mexican singers to entertain their voters were both “foreign interference.”
Although he also serves as chairman of the House Agriculture Committee, Conaway has kept a low profile, and is better known for his close ties to the Bush family than the media spotlight.
First elected to the House in 2004, and easily re-elected six times, Conaway is the second-ranking Republican on the intelligence panel.
House Speaker Paul Ryan told reporters on Thursday that he had faith in Conaway. “I am confident that he will oversee a professional investigation into Russia’s actions and follow the facts wherever they may lead,” Ryan said.




ARTICLE
April 7, 2017
By Patricia Zengerle
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Representative Mike Conaway’s new role leading the House Intelligence Committee investigation into the Trump team’s ties to Russia has plunged the low-profile legislator into one of the most contentious issues in Congress and the country.
Republicans and Democrats both praised his selection. He has administrative experience as a committee chairman, and familiarity with delicate subjects after leading the House Ethics Committee from 2013 to 2015.
“I like him. I hope he can get us back on track,” Representative Eric Swalwell, a Democratic committee member, said in a brief interview outside the U.S. House of Representatives.
While Conaway, 68, has ties to mainstream Republicans and a long association with the Bush political family, the former accountant from Texas was a strong Trump supporter during the 2016 campaign.
In 2016, Conaway backed Trump, citing the candidate’s choice of Mike Pence as his vice president, his promise to appoint conservative Supreme Court justices and the congressman’s own vehement opposition to Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton.
But unlike Devin Nunes – who on Thursday stepped down as leader of the investigation into alleged Russian meddling in the U.S. presidential election, including possible collusion with Trump associates – Conaway was not a member of the incoming president’s transition team. Russia denies the allegations.
Conaway is considered less partisan than some other Republican committee members such as Trey Gowdy, the chairman of the House Select Committee that investigated the 2012 attacks on a U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi, Libya. Democrats accused Gowdy of running a partisan inquiry that focused on former Secretary of State Clinton in an effort to damage her 2016 presidential campaign.
In his statement announcing he would step aside, Nunes said Gowdy and another Republican committee member, Tom Rooney, would also be leaders of the Russia investigation.
Fox News reported that Nunes called Conaway on Wednesday night.
Nevertheless, some Conaway comments about the Russia investigation have raised eyebrows.
During a March 20 committee hearing, he asked FBI Director James Comey whether Washington Post reporters had helped intelligence agencies write their assessment that Moscow was seeking to help Trump win the election.
And in a January interview with the Dallas Morning News, he seemed to make light of the alleged Russian meddling in the election, saying it and the Democrats’ use of Mexican singers to entertain their voters were both “foreign interference.”
Although he also serves as chairman of the House Agriculture Committee, Conaway has kept a low profile, and is better known for his close ties to the Bush family than the media spotlight.
First elected to the House in 2004, and easily re-elected six times, Conaway is the second-ranking Republican on the intelligence panel.
House Speaker Paul Ryan told reporters on Thursday that he had faith in Conaway. “I am confident that he will oversee a professional investigation into Russia’s actions and follow the facts wherever they may lead,” Ryan said.




ARTICLE
April 7, 2017
New York, NY – Claire Hardwick, OAN Political Correspondent
President Trump has been busy meeting with foreign leaders from abroad, and according to Matthew Tyrmand, he is renewing relationships that have been hurt from the Obama administration.
Matthew Tyrmand is an expert on American-Polish relations.
He said that Poland is very much looking forward to working with President Trump.
Especially, after the country received the cold shoulder from President Obama.
“Going back a few years you have to look at the relationship between Poland and Obama, and it was not good. In the beginning of his presidency he yanked plans for missile defense, a NATO orchestrated and American led initiative to fortify the NATO peripheral border which is border and the Czech Republic to defend against possible aggression from the east, Russia,” Tyrmand said.
Tyrmand said that the Polish government has a lot of similarities to the Trump administration.
And that in many ways, the Polish people have always looked up to the American capitalistic economy.
 
 



ARTICLE
April 7, 2017
By David Shepardson
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The chairman of the U.S. Federal Communications Commission is moving quickly to replace the Obama administration’s landmark net neutrality rules and wants internet service providers to voluntarily agree to maintain an open internet, three sources briefed on the meeting said Thursday.
FCC Chairman Ajit Pai, a Republican appointed by President Donald Trump, met on Tuesday with major telecommunications trade groups to discuss his preliminary plan to reverse the rules, the sources said.
The FCC declined to comment but Pai previously said he is committed to ensuring an open internet but feels net neutrality was a mistake.
The rules approved by the FCC under Democratic President Barack Obama in early 2015 prohibited broadband providers from giving or selling access to speedy internet, essentially a “fast lane”, to certain internet services over others. As part of that change, the FCC reclassified internet service providers much like utilities.
Pai wants to overturn that reclassification, but wants internet providers to voluntarily agree to not obstruct or slow consumer access to web content, two officials said late Tuesday.
The officials briefed on the meeting said Pai suggested companies commit in writing to open internet principles and including them in their terms of service, which would make them binding.
It is unclear if regulators could legally compel internet providers to adopt open internet principles without existing net neutrality rules.
As part of that move, the Federal Trade Commission would assume oversight of ensuring compliance.
Three sources said Pai plans to unveil his proposal to overturn the rules as early as late April and it could face an initial vote in May or June.
Internet providers like AT&T Inc, Verizon Communications Inc and Comcast Corp have argued net neutrality rules would make it harder to manage internet traffic and investment in additional capacity less likely. Websites worry that without the rules they might lose access to customers.
AT&T and major trade groups sued the FCC in 2015 over the net neutrality rules.
Democrats and privacy advocates say net neutrality is crucial to keeping the internet open.
Pai in December predicted that net neutrality’s days were numbered. He told Reuters in February he believes “in a free and open internet and the only question is what regulatory framework best secures that.”
Pai and congressional Republicans have moved quickly to dismantle Obama-era telecommunications rules.
Trump on Monday signed a repeal of Obama-era broadband privacy rules a victory for internet service providers and a blow to privacy advocates.
Politico Pro reported some details of the meeting with trade groups on Thursday.





ARTICLE
April 7, 2017
Bharara sprinkled the hour-long speech with humor, including a joke about the size of the crowd clearly aimed at Trump. But Bharara also made a series of thinly veiled criticisms of the new administration, referring multiple times to Trump’s campaign pledge to “drain the swamp” in Washington.
“You don’t drain a swamp with a slogan. You don’t drain it by replacing one set of partisans with another. You don’t replace muck with muck,” Bharara, 48, said at the Cooper Union in New York.
“To drain a swamp you need an army corps of engineers, experts schooled in service and serious purpose. Not do-nothing, say-anything, neophyte opportunists who know a lot about how to bully and bluster but not so much about truth, justice and fairness.”
Bharara was fired by Trump on March 11 after refusing to step down. While he was among 46 U.S. attorneys told to submit their resignations, his dismissal was a surprise because Trump had asked him in November to stay in the job.
Bharara has said it was not made clear to him at first whether or not he was being dismissed. He joked about that initial confusion with a reference to Trump’s TV reality show in which he regularly fired people on the spot.
“I don’t really understand why this was such a big deal, especially to this White House. I had thought that was what Donald Trump was good at,” Bharara said.
As the chief federal prosecutor for the Southern District of New York, Bharara oversaw several notable corruption and white-collar criminal cases, as well as cases involving national security. He said he was equally proud of the less high-profile work his office did to combat gangs and consumer fraud.
Bharara said he expected his successor to carry on with the office’s reputation for independence. He did not comment on who his possible successor. As for his own future, Bharara ruled out running for public office.
“I don’t have any plans to enter politics just like I have no plans to join the circus. And I mean no offence to the circus.”




ARTICLE
April 7, 2017

U.S. MILITARY OPTIONS IN SYRIA
Facing his biggest crisis since taking office, Trump says “something should happen” with President Bashar al-Assad after a deadly poison gas attack in Syria, as the Pentagon and the White House study military options.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson spoke by phone with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov about a poison gas attack in Syria that the United States blames on the Russia-backed Syrian government, a senior State Department official says.

“NUCLEAR OPTION” ON SUPREME COURT NOMINEE
Senate Republicans crush a Democratic blockade of Trump’s U.S. Supreme Court nominee in a fierce partisan brawl, approving a rule change dubbed the “nuclear option” to allow for conservative judge Neil Gorsuch’s confirmation by Friday.
HOUSE RUSSIA PROBE CHAIRMAN
The Republican head of a congressional inquiry into alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election says he will temporarily step aside from the probe because he is under investigation for disclosing classified information.

TRUMP MEETS CHINA’S XI
Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping sit down together to dine on pan-seared Dover sole and New York strip steak, spending some social time before digging into thorny bilateral security and trade issues.
Trump promised to label China a currency manipulator on his first day in office but after 77 days, his administration is touting a new term: “currency misalignment.”

NORTH KOREA’S NUCLEAR PROGRAM
Trump says he will be ready to act unilaterally to address North Korea’s nuclear program if China does not step up to help with the matter.
Diplomatic and economic measures taken to rein in North Korea’s missile program have not had the desired effect, a senior U.S. military commander says after the North’s latest test triggers a flurry of calls among world leaders.

COHN BACKS REVIVING GLASS-STEAGALL
White House economic adviser Gary Cohn says he backs bringing back the Glass-Steagall Act, a Depression-era law that would revamp Wall Street banks by splitting their consumer-lending businesses from their investment arms.

TWITTER PRIVACY LAWSUIT
Twitter Inc files a federal lawsuit to block an order by the U.S. government demanding that it reveal who is behind an account opposed to Trump’s tough immigration policies.

ADMINISTRATION
The White House says Trump plans to nominate Lyft Inc executive Derek Kan as undersecretary of transportation for policy.




ARTICLE
April 7, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump said on Wednesday he thinks Susan Rice, a former top adviser to President Barack Obama, committed a crime by seeking the identities of Trump associates mentioned in intercepted communications, but he declined requests for evidence, the New York Times reported.
In an interview, Trump declined to tell the New York Times whether he had reviewed intelligence to bolster his claim about Rice but said he would explain himself “at the right time.”
Rice said she had no immediate comment on the president’s remarks when contacted by Reuters.
Later on Wednesday, Erin Pelton, a spokesman for Rice, said in an email to Reuters: “I’m not going to dignify the President’s ludicrous charge with a comment.”
Trump and his allies have focused on unsubstantiated reports that Rice, who served as Obama’s national security adviser, disclosed the names of Trump aides swept up in U.S. surveillance of foreign targets.
Rice dismissed the reports as “absolutely false” in an interview with MSNBC on Tuesday.
According to five U.S. intelligence officials, Rice followed standard procedure in requesting the National Security Agency to reveal to her the names of American citizens who had been in contact with Russians whose communications were monitored by U.S. intelligence.
It is unlikely she would have known that any unidentified American had a connection to Trump, the officials said.
As White House national security adviser, Rice could not order the NSA to reveal the identities of any Americans. Instead, she could only request it to do so.
Such requests, which a number of senior officials are authorized to make, trigger a legal and intelligence review by the agency to determine whether revealing the name has potential intelligence value and could expose a security threat to the United States, said one of the officials, who is familiar with the process and spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss internal intelligence procedures.
There is nothing unusual, much less suspicious, about any request by Rice, said another intelligence official, especially since it could have revealed Russian intelligence contacts or agents operating in the United States. This official and two other intelligence officials said the NSA often receives dozens of such requests in a month.
John Culhane, a professor at Widener University Delaware Law School, said he thought Rice could have a credible libel lawsuit against Trump. Though public figures like Rice face a higher standard in bringing such claims, Culhane said she could contend Trump demonstrated a “reckless disregard” for the truth.
But the president typically enjoys immunity from civil lawsuits over official acts, Culhane noted, and a court could find that Trump’s interview with the newspaper was within the scope of his official duties.




ARTICLE
April 6, 2017
By Pete Schroeder
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – White House economic adviser Gary Cohn said he backed bringing back the Glass-Steagall Act, a Depression-era law that would revamp Wall Street banks by splitting their consumer-lending businesses from their investment arms.
The National Economic Council director, also a former Goldman Sachs <GS.N> president, expressed support to lawmakers for a banking system where firms would focus primarily on trading and underwriting securities or issuing loans.
Big banks have strongly opposed such a move that would fundamentally overhaul their business. Reinstating the law, which was repealed in 1999, has not attracted significant attention in Congress, but advocates in the White House and both parties now argue it would provide critical safeguards to prevent another financial crisis.
Critics of that approach say it lacks nuance and would not have prevented the last financial meltdown.
The fact Cohn, widely viewed as one of Wall Street’s own, was willing to push that position spooked big banks’ representatives in Washington.
The White House confirmed Cohn’s remarks in a private meeting with lawmakers on Wednesday. A spokesperson said he was “simply discussing the President’s previously stated position” in favor of a “21st century Glass-Steagall.”
Cohn’s remarks were first reported by Bloomberg. https://bloom.bg/2nZK5n1
The Trump administration has indicated support for a return to Glass-Steagall. The White House has stuck by the idea since it was included in the Republican Party platform during the presidential campaign, and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin expressed interest in a modernized version of the law.
When asked on Thursday when large financial institutions should begin to worry about Glass-Steagall becoming a reality, one industry representative said, “Right now.”
However, any legislation establishing such a firewall faces long odds in the current Congress. The heads of the House and Senate banking committees have indicated support for alternative approaches, and efforts to move Glass-Steagall legislation in prior years have garnered little support.
“A new Glass-Steagall would require legislation, and it simply isn’t a priority issue in Congress,” wrote Ian Katz, a financial policy analyst for the research firm Capital Alpha Partners, in a note to clients.
In the meeting which was arranged by Senate Banking Committee Chairman Mike Crapo, Cohn was asked by Senator Elizabeth Warren about Glass-Steagall. Cohn responded favorably, noting that the Republican Party platform supports the idea, according to sources familiar with the meeting. The meeting included lawmakers from both parties and their staff.
Bringing back Glass Steagall would likely have a significant impact on banks like JPMorgan Chase & Co <JPM.N>, Bank of America Corp <BAC.N> and Citigroup <C.N> that have large highly intertwined commercial lending and investment banking operations, say analysts.
It would impact Goldman Sachs Group Inc <GS.N> and Morgan Stanley <MS.N> to a lesser degree although, they would likely have to revert to being standalone investment banks and shed their deposit funding.




ARTICLE
April 6, 2017
By David Morgan
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – A leading conservative Republican, who helped block President Donald Trump’s healthcare bill, said on Thursday that Congress should begin rigorous debate on tax reform now if it hopes to pass legislation before an August deadline.
The quest to revamp the tax code moved to the top of Trump’s legislative agenda after a Republican push to repeal and replace President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law failed in the House of Representatives on March 24 in a humiliating defeat for the president and his party.
To tackle the biggest overhaul of the U.S. tax code since the Reagan era quickly, House Republicans need to avoid the political fault lines that sank their healthcare bill, partly by having conservatives on board.
House Republicans hope to vote on a tax reform bill before they leave for summer recess at the end of July.
“We can get it done before August as long as we are real serious about having real debate… debate has to be about changing policy,” said Representative Mark Meadows, chairman of the House Freedom Caucus, a group of about three-dozen staunchly conservative lawmakers.
“I’m optimistic on tax reform, if we do it differently than we did healthcare,” he told a forum hosted by Politico.
Freedom Caucus members complained that House Republican leaders held no healthcare hearings this year before legislation was introduced and kept their bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act under wraps until just before it was introduced.
Meadows said the tax reform debate boils down to a decision between a controversial “border adjustment tax” plan backed by House Speaker Paul Ryan and deficit-funded reforms. He did not take a position on Thursday but recently said his group could support reforms that are not revenue neutral.
“We need to go ahead and start having those discussions today. Let’s look at legislative text,” he said.
House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady plans to hold public hearings on tax reform issues in coming weeks. On Thursday, Brady offered no indication that legislation was imminent but said he understood the need for rank-and-file members to have input.
“We continue to work toward spring action from the Ways and Means Committee and continue to work to get this done in 2017,” Brady told reporters.
“One lesson we learned in the healthcare debate is that members of Congress want plenty of time, not just to review the bill but to have input into tax reform.”




ARTICLE
April 6, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – A U.S. House of Representatives panel will meet on Thursday to consider a change to the stalled Republican healthcare bill before lawmakers leave for a two-week recess, a spokeswoman for the House Rules Committee said.
The change, proposed by the Trump administration, involves the provision of high-risk pools to subsidize insurance for the seriously ill, the Washington Post reported.
Deep divisions in the Republican Party had appeared to dash hopes for a quick revival of legislation to repeal and replace former President Barack Obama’s signature 2010 healthcare law before the start of the recess on Friday.
It remains unclear whether the tweaked bill could garner enough support from Republican House members to win passage, or when the full House might take up the measure.
House Speaker Paul Ryan has cautioned it would take some time for Republicans to come together on a bill that could win wide enough support for passage.





ARTICLE
April 6, 2017
By Sarah N. Lynch
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – In a last-ditch effort, five U.S. Senate Democrats are urging President Donald Trump to veto a resolution that would repeal a Labor Department rule designed to help cities launch retirement savings plans for low-income private-sector workers by exempting such programs from strict federal pension protection laws.
In an April 5 letter that Reuters saw on Thursday, the lawmakers told Trump, a Republican, that killing the rule could harm more than 2 million Americans who would otherwise benefit from city-run retirement plans.
“We ask you to work with us to increase access to retirement savings programs and promote greater retirement security,” they wrote.
The senators signing the letter are Patty Murray of Washington and Ron Wyden of Oregon, the top Democrats on committees overseeing pensions and tax matters; Maria Cantwell of Washington; Kirsten Gillibrand of New York; and Robert Casey of Pennsylvania.
The resolution on city-run retirement plans is one of 13 measures that Congress has passed to repeal rules enacted under previous president Barack Obama, a Democrat.
An obscure law called the Congressional Review Act gives Congress a tool to repeal regulations that it finds objectionable. All that is required is a simple majority vote in both chambers and the president’s signature.
The law is limited, however, in how it can be used. Only rules that were finalized within 60 legislative days are eligible for repeal.
Trump has signed 11 of the 13 resolutions so far.
The White House Office of Management and Budget has advised Trump to sign the city-run retirement plan measure, and a White House official said on Wednesday that the president would sign more resolutions this month.
The Labor Department adopted two rules at the end of Obama’s tenure that exempted both city and state-run retirement plans from the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, or ERISA, a law designed to protect workers’ savings.
The plans are geared toward private-sector workers whose employers do not offer 401(k) or other retirement benefits, and would let them enroll automatically in plans like those being introduced in places like California.
Cities and states say they need the exemption for the plans to work effectively, but trade groups like the Chamber of Commerce and Investment Company Institute want it repealed amid concerns that workers would not have adequate pension protections.
The resolution to repeal the city-run retirement plan rule narrowly passed the Senate in a 50-49 vote.
The Senate is expected to take up a separate resolution to repeal the rule on state-run retirement plans after the Easter recess.




ARTICLE
April 6, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. Vice President Mike Pence will travel to South Korea, Japan, Indonesia, Australia and Hawaii this month, using his first official trip to the Asia-Pacific region to discuss economic policies and underscore U.S. commitment to its allies, the White House said.
Pence will be accompanied on the April 15-25 trip by his wife and two daughters, the White House said. Pence will arrive in Seoul on April 16 before traveling on to Tokyo on April 18, to Jakarta on April 20, Sydney on April 22 and Honolulu on April 24, it said.







ARTICLE
April 6, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The Senate Finance Committee on Thursday delayed a scheduled vote on President Donald Trump’s nominee for U.S. Trade Representative due to the lack of a quorum among committee members.
Republican Senator Orrin Hatch, the committee’s chairman, said he hoped the nomination of Robert Lighthizer for the administration’s top trade negotiating job could be taken up after Congress’ two-week Easter break ends on April 24.
Senate confirmation of Lighthizer’s nomination has been delayed partly by demands from Democrats that the Finance Committee first advance a bill aimed at protecting retired coal miners’ pensions and health care benefits. Only one Democrat, Senator Ron Wyden, showed up for the start of the panel’s meeting on Thursday.
Also contributing to delays were questions over whether Lighthizer, a veteran trade lawyer and Reagan-era deputy USTR, needs a congressional waiver from a 1995 law prohibiting USTR candidates from working on behalf of foreign governments.
After leaving USTR but well before that law was passed, Lighthizer did some work for Brazil’s agriculture department in the late 1980s and assisted a law firm colleague who was advising a Chinese electronics industry group in the early 1990s.
Lighthizer has strong support from both parties because of his pledges to strengthen enforcement of U.S. trade laws to stop unfairly dumped and subsidized imports, but the waiver issue has become a leverage point for Democrats on the miners’ pension bill.
That measure seeks to transfer certain pension obligations to the federal government and provide funding to prevent some 22,800 retired coal miners from losing healthcare benefits at the end of April.
Wyden said Democrats’ concerns needed to be addressed, but he was “confident that we can find a way to have a positive, strongly bipartisan markup of Mr. Lighthizer.”




ARTICLE
April 6, 2017
Washington, D.C. – Trey Yingst, OAN Chief White House Correspondent
Amid provocations from the government of North Korea, President Trump is starting a two-day meeting with President Xi of China at his Mar-A-Lago resort in Florida.
The summit will be attended by Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, as well as other top level administration officials.
The two leaders are expected to discuss trade between the United States and China, as well as the mutual threat of ballistic missile tests by the North Koreans.
This month the Trump administration said all options are on the table when it comes to North Korea and how the US should respond.
“If China is not going to solve North Korea, we will,” Trump said this week.
Earlier in the week, President Trump spoke with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to express his commitment to the Japanese ahead of his meeting with Xi.



ARTICLE
April 6, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump said on Wednesday he was considering packaging a $1 trillion infrastructure plan with either healthcare or tax reform legislation as an incentive to get support from lawmakers, especially Democrats.
Trump also said in an interview with the New York Times he may move up the unveiling of a plan to rebuild the country’s deteriorating roads, bridges and tunnels, which had been expected later this year.
“I’m thinking about accelerating it. I’m thinking about putting it with another bill. Could be health care, could be something else. Could be tax reform,” Trump said.
Trump was stung by his first legislative push, a failed attempt to roll back former President Barack Obama’s healthcare law, which ended in an embarrassing collapse in Congress two weeks ago.
The White House has tried to revive healthcare talks while also seeking other legislative measures – such as tax reform – that could give Trump a win in the early part of his presidency.
U.S. Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao said last week the Trump administration would later this year unveil a $1 trillion, 10-year plan to modernize U.S. roads, bridges, airports, electrical grid and water systems, offering incentives for public-private partnerships.
Trump said he wanted to accelerate that roll-out, but provided no timeline.
Trump said Democratic lawmakers “are desperate for infrastructure” and may be more likely to sign on to a Republican-backed tax reform or healthcare bill if spending on roads and bridges were included.
“We’re talking about a trillion-dollar infrastructure,” Trump said.
Some of the infrastructure projects may be built through public-private partnerships, Trump said, declining to say how the total spending would split between public and private sources. But he also said that with interest rates low, the government may be better off financing the projects itself.
“When you can borrow so inexpensively, you don’t have to do the public-private thing. Because public-private can be very expensive,” Trump said.
Trump said he would make an announcement in two weeks about whether he would seek changes to a wage law for federal projects blamed by conservative groups for inflating costs, though he declined to say what the announcement would be.
Conservative groups have pressured the White House on the law, known as the Davis-Bacon Act, which requires contractors on federal projects to pay local prevailing wages – a measure backed by labor unions and Democrats.
On tax reform, Trump said he wanted to wait and see what happens on healthcare legislation, which has stalled in the House of Representatives, before setting out details on taxes.
The details of the healthcare bill could determine how much he could cut taxes, he said.
Republicans have been working on a plan to cut the corporate tax rate to 20 percent from 35 percent, end taxing foreign profits for U.S.-based multinationals and cut other tax rates for businesses and investors – as well as simplify and cut personal income taxes.




ARTICLE
April 6, 2017

BANNON REMOVED
Trump removes his chief strategist, Steve Bannon, from the National Security Council, reversing his controversial decision early this year to give a political adviser an unprecedented role in security discussions.

SYRIA CHEMICAL ATTACK
Trump accuses Syrian President Bashar al-Assad’s government of going “beyond a red line” with a poison gas attack on civilians and says his attitude toward Syria and Assad has changed, but gave no indication of how he will respond.

NO HEALTHCARE DEAL
Deep divisions cut short Republican hopes for a quick revival of Obamacare replacement legislation, as Congress prepares to leave town for a two-week recess without a deal to end party infighting.

SUPREME COURT NOMINATION
A Democratic senator delivers a 15-1/2-hour, all-night speech denouncing Trump’s U.S. Supreme Court nominee, joining an effort to block Senate confirmation of Neil Gorsuch in a heated political showdown with Republicans.

SUSAN RICE
Trump says he thinks Susan Rice, a former top adviser to President Barack Obama, committed a crime by seeking the identities of Trump associates mentioned in intercepted communications, but he declines requests for evidence, the New York Times reports.

IMMIGRATION
The Trump administration is no longer considering separating women and children at the southern U.S. border as a means of deterring their migration, a Department of Homeland Security spokesman says.

NORTH KOREA
Trump’s top security adviser agrees in a telephone call to proceed with the deployment of an advanced U.S. missile defence system, known as THAAD, as planned, South Korea’s presidential office says.
Trump speaks by phone with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and the two leaders discuss North Korea’s launch of a ballistic missile, among other regional issues, the White House says.

FDA NOMINEE
Democratic senators question Trump’s nominee to lead the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, Dr. Scott Gottlieb, over his ties to the pharmaceutical industry, with one citing “a level of discomfort” over his nomination.

ENVIRONMENT
A coalition of 17 U.S. states file a legal challenge against efforts by President Trump’s administration to roll back climate change regulations, deepening a political rift over his emerging energy policies.

DEFENDING O’REILLY
Trump defends TV anchor Bill O’Reilly after a report that the conservative commentator and his employer, 21st Century Fox, paid $13 million to five women to settle claims he sexually harassed them.






ARTICLE
April 5, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The tax oversight committee in the U.S. House of Representatives will hold public hearings in coming weeks as the panel prepares to unveil legislation to overhaul the U.S. tax code, congressional aides said on Wednesday.
The plan for hearings emerged during an hour-long meeting between House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady and 15 panel Democrats, according to a House Democratic aide.
There were no details about when the hearings would occur, what tax reform issues would be addressed or whether the full Ways and Means Committee would preside.
“We had a positive and open discussion, and I appreciated the opportunity to engage in a two-way dialogue,” Brady, a Texas Republican, said in a statement afterward.
The Republican-led committee is expected to unveil tax reform legislation this spring in preparation for a summer vote on the House floor. Committee staff have been working to craft a bill based on a House Republican blueprint that would sharply cut taxes for businesses and individuals.
House Speaker Paul Ryan said on Wednesday that the House, Senate and White House, all controlled by Republicans, “aren’t on the same page yet on tax reform.”
Brady announced the bipartisan meeting earlier this week, saying the discussion would focus on ways to simplify the U.S. tax code for individuals and prevent U.S. companies from moving production and research facilities overseas – two Republican objectives.
“It was clear from this meeting we share the same fundamental goals on tax reform, particularly as it relates to growth and simplicity,” a Republican committee aide said.
Brady underscored his intention to include a border adjustment tax provision in tax reform legislation, aides said. The policy, which would impose a 20 percent tax on imports, has divided the business community and drawn criticism from Republicans in the House and Senate.
Wednesday’s meeting marked the first time Brady sat down with the committee’s Democratic members to discuss the House Republican tax reform plan, aides said.
But the bipartisan atmosphere was jarred by the release of a letter from committee Republicans to President Donald Trump, calling for the removal of John Koskinen as Internal Revenue Service commissioner. Koskinen was appointed by former Democratic President Barack Obama.
“Democrats raised this letter with Republicans during the meeting, noting how this type of partisan action hurts the prospects for bipartisanship in other issues, such as working together on issues like tax reform,” the Democratic aide said.




ARTICLE
April 5, 2017
By Yasmeen Abutaleb and David Morgan
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Deep divisions cut short Republican hopes for a quick revival of Obamacare replacement legislation on Wednesday, as Congress prepared to leave town for a two-week recess without a deal to end party infighting.
“We are going to go home tomorrow without a deal,” Congressman Chris Collins, a Republican moderate in the U.S. House of Representatives, told reporters.
A White House ally, Collins said days of negotiations have broken down over conservative demands to allow states to waive popular Obamacare policies that protect sick people from price discrimination and allow young adults to stay on their parents’ healthcare plans until age 26.
He said the hard-line conservative House Freedom Caucus was “moving the goal posts” for negotiations, risking potential support from moderate Republicans.
Both sides of the debate have warned that the Republican push for healthcare reform, one of President Donald Trump’s top campaign promises, could lose momentum if lawmakers left this week without a deal to bridge fissures that led to the legislation’s failure on March 24, when House Speaker Paul Ryan canceled a vote.
Earlier on Wednesday, Heritage Action Chief Executive Mike Needham told reporters his conservative group was looking at ways to target House moderates known as the Tuesday Group, with attack ads in their districts and other tactics.
But Ryan told a forum that the discussions had been “very productive” and emphasized that Republican leaders have not set a deadline for agreement.
“We can keep working this for weeks now,” Ryan said. “We’ve got time to figure this out.”
Republicans have been railing against President Barack Obama’s Affordable Care Act since its enactment in 2010. On Tuesday, some Republican lawmakers expressed hope the Trump White House would unveil a healthcare bill. Some conservatives said a vote by the House was possible this week.
The legislation has not yet emerged, despite talks with Republican lawmakers led by Vice President Mike Pence. A House Republican leadership aide said on Wednesday that plans remained on track for the divided chamber to begin a more than two-week recess by mid-afternoon on Thursday.
Representative Mark Meadows, chairman of the hard-right House Freedom Caucus, late on Tuesday said, “There’s a concern on my part that if we’re making real progress, that going home sends the wrong message.”
Meadows told reporters on Wednesday he had not yet heard from the White House about timing of the next negotiation session.
Still, the negotiations will allow lawmakers to return to their home districts and tell voters they are trying to deliver on a campaign promise that helped them win election.
In an interview with Axios and NBC television, House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy said Republicans will produce a healthcare bill, but did not provide a timetable.
Late on Tuesday, following a closed-door meeting with House Republicans, Pence told reporters there was “good talk, good progress” toward a bill. He did not elaborate.
Republican lawmakers have said efforts are focused on maintaining Obamacare’s essential health benefits, such as mental health coverage and maternity care. But states could apply for waivers if they could improve coverage and reduce costs.
If major portions of Obamacare are repealed, there were discussions of creating a “backstop” so premiums do not spike for people with chronic illnesses in high-risk insurance pools.




ARTICLE
April 5, 2017
Democrats on the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions questioned whether Gottlieb’s ties to the pharmaceutical industry would compromise his ability to act impartially, ahead of a vote on whether to advance his nomination to the full Senate.
Gottlieb, a former FDA deputy commission who is a partner at a large venture capital fund and sits on the boards of multiple healthcare companies, has advocated loosening requirements needed for approval of new medical products.
His nomination is generally expected to be approved. The hearing also covered Gottlieb’s views on issues ranging from clinical trials to the opioid epidemic and vaccines.
Senator Chris Murphy said Democrats had “a level of discomfort” with Gottlieb’s nomination, not just because of his private industry background but also because of his prior activity as a political adviser to Republican presidential candidates and opposition to the Affordable Care Act.
“The worry about impartiality is certainly connected to the private sector experience but it’s also to your very deep political involvement as well,” Murphy said.
Gottlieb, 44, acknowledged the concern, but said he would “work hard to make sure I preserve my impartiality.”
In an ethics disclosure form filed last month Gottlieb said he would resign from multiple corporate boards and divest his healthcare company holdings.
Republicans on the committee said Gottlieb’s background would provide him with valuable insight into the industry that the FDA regulates.
Gottlieb said his goal was to implement the provisions in the recently passed 21st Century Cures Act that among other things require the FDA to consider ways to streamline the clinical trial process. He said he would be in favor of “clinical trial constructs that don’t require the tight randomization that current clinical trials do.”
Gottlieb also said he would be willing to challenge the view that vaccines cause autism, a theory that has been widely debunked by vaccine experts. In January Trump’s transition team floated the idea of forming a panel on autism.
In 2014 Trump said in a tweet that he believed in vaccinations “but not massive, all at once, shots” and that “Govt. Should stop NOW!”
Gottlieb said the question of whether vaccines cause autism “is one of the most exhaustively studied issues in medicine” and that there is no causal link between vaccines and autism. Pressed on whether he would challenge contrary views, Gottlieb said he has a history “of not being shy about speaking truth to power and making my views known.”
Gottlieb called the opioid epidemic “a public health emergency on the order of Ebola and Zika.” He said it is the biggest health crisis facing the FDA and that solving the problem would require a broad public health response.
Gottlieb, who held a financial interest in the vape shop Kure, said some e-cigarettes may have the potential to wean smokers off combustible cigarettes and be less harmful.
“An e-cigarette or vaping product might be a good smoking cessation tool while a chocolate chip-flavored e-cigarette might not be,” he said. Ultimately, he said, science will tell where to draw that line.




ARTICLE
April 5, 2017
By Pete Schroeder
Appearing before the House Financial Services Committee, Richard Cordray, got coy when asked whether he would finish his term, which expires in July 2018. Republicans on the committee and elsewhere have pushed for President Trump to fire him, and Cordray is widely rumored to be a possible Ohio gubernatorial candidate in 2018.
Cordray, who has headed the agency since 2012 when he was  appointed by former President Barack Obama, has declined to step down since President Donald Trump took office. He did not say whether he will serve out the rest of him term, which expires in July 2018.
“I have no insights to provide,” he said in response to a related question.
Under the Dodd-Frank law creating the agency, the president could only remove Cordray “for cause.” But longtime Republican critics say Cordray’s decisions as a regulator provide ample evidence to fire him.
“For all of the harm caused to consumers, Richard Cordray should be dismissed by the president,” said House Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling.
Hensarling noted that the CFPB has failed to finalize regulatory projects mandated by Congress,  such as writing rules directing financial institutions to collect data about credit applications by minority and women-owned businesses.

WELLS FARGO
Republicans claimed the agency failed to detect wrongdoing at Wells Fargo & Co, relying on outside investigators and news reports to point out widespread problems with improper account creation.
“The CFPB was asleep at the wheel!” said Ann Wagner, a Missouri Republican. The earliest the committee could determine the CFPB began to examine Wells Fargo was in May 2015, after the bank notified the regulator that the Los Angeles City Attorney was already pursuing a civil case, she said.
Yet the CFPB was front and center in September 2016 when the high-profile $185 million multi-agency settlement was announced.
Cordray said Wagner was “conflating” issues and said the oversight work “became exponential over time.”
The CFPB levied a $100 million fine against the bank in an enforcement action with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the City and County of Los Angeles. The probe began after a 2013 Los Angeles Times investigative story.




ARTICLE
April 5, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Wednesday that tax reform will take longer to accomplish than repealing and replacing Obamacare would, saying Congress and the White House were initially closer to agreement on healthcare legislation than on tax policy.
“The House has a (tax reform) plan but the Senate doesn’t quite have one yet. They’re working on one. The White House hasn’t nailed it down,” Ryan told an audience in Washington.
“So even the three entities aren’t on the same page yet on tax reform,” he added.




ARTICLE
April 5, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump hopes to sign “several more” measures into law before the end of April to roll back Obama-era regulations under the time-limited Congressional Review Act (CRA), a White House official said on Wednesday.
Aggressive use by Republicans in Congress of the obscure CRA has provided them with several small-scale legislative victories at a time when they have struggled with major legislation.
Highlighting these, White House Director of Legislative Affairs Marc Short said on a conference call with reporters: “There are several more that we hope to sign before this window closes on April 28.”
The law has a short time span for introducing resolutions of disapproval: 60 legislative days after a regulation is finalized, meaning it can only be used shortly after a president of an opposing party leaves office.
Since Trump, a Republican, took office on Jan. 20, House of Representatives Republican Leader Kevin McCarthy has led Congress in churning out 13 resolutions killing regulations by Democratic President Barack Obama, most of concern to business interests.
Trump, who vowed in the 2016 election campaign to slash regulations, has signed 11 resolutions under the CRA, rolling back the rules they targeted and barring agencies from writing “substantially similar” measures in the future.
On Monday, Trump signed a CRA resolution repealing broadband privacy protections. He has also signed resolutions killing rules meant to expand background checks for mentally ill gun purchasers, change public school assessments, and reduce coal waste runoff into streams.
Democrats have assailed the reversals as harmful to the environment, education and checks on Wall Street, with many saying the measures were meant to please big-money lobbyists.
Last Friday was the deadline for introducing new CRA resolutions. Now Republicans must complete voting on resolutions already in the legislative pipeline.
Written in 1996 and successfully used only once before 2017, the CRA was meant to restore the balance of power between Congress and the federal bureaucracy. But lobbyists and lawmakers have seized on it as a tool to repeal rules written in the final months of a preceding administration.
The U.S. government has thousands of regulations, which are categorized by their impact on the economy.
The Congressional Research Service, a nonpartisan arm of Congress, has reported that 76 “major” new rules, subject to CRA review, were written in 2015, down from 81 in 2014. The busiest year on record for major new rules was 100 in 2010.




ARTICLE
April 5, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Democrats in the U.S. House of Representatives ramped up their efforts to force the release of President Donald Trump’s tax returns, calling it a critical issue of transparency and national security.
House Democrats said they would use a parliamentary procedure to file a petition aimed at forcing a vote on legislation requiring U.S. presidents to disclose multiple years of federal income tax filings.
Representatives for the White House and House Speaker Paul Ryan did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Trump, a Republican and New York real estate developer who touted his business acumen in the 2016 presidential campaign, defied decades of precedent by candidates when he refused to release his tax returns, saying they were under audit. The Internal Revenue Service says audits pose no obstacle to releasing tax returns.
Democrats, for their so-called discharge petition to move forward, would need to obtain signatures of support from the majority of the 435 lawmakers in the Republican-controlled House.
Such a move could be a long-shot given that just two Republicans, Representatives Mark Sanford and Justin Amash, have signed on to sponsor the proposed bill that would then see a vote.
The petition is the latest effort by Democrats on the issue as just two glimpses of Trump’s taxes have surfaced in media reports on his 1995 and 2005 filings.
Democrats say Trump’s taxes are a national security issue given congressional investigations into possible ties between Russia and his campaign. They also cite concerns over potential conflicts of interest with his privately held global businesses.
“How do we know when he makes policy decisions or, you know, trade deals … with foreign countries that he is looking out for the American people and not lining his own pockets?” Democratic Representative Bill Pascrell said to reporters.




ARTICLE
April 5, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump hopes to sign “several more” measures into law before the end of April to roll back Obama-era regulations under the time-limited Congressional Review Act (CRA), said a White House official on Wednesday.
Since Trump took office on Jan. 20, Congress has approved 13 CRA resolutions rolling back Obama-era regulations, most of concern to business interests. Trump has signed 11 of these into law.
“There are several more that we hope to sign before this window closes on April 28,” said Marc Short, director of legislative affairs at the White House, on a conference call with reporters.




ARTICLE
April 5, 2017
Washington, DC – John Hines, OAN Political Correspondent
Obama NSA advisor Susan Rice’s alleged unmasking of intelligence intercepts of some of President-elect Trump’s transition staff appears to be a violation of policy and law, says at least one member of the House Intelligence Committee.
“If true, these are extremely serious allegations, that basically Susan Rice, according to these allegations was unmasking or making known the names of Americans whose names appeared surveillance of foreign officials.  It’s clear.  It’s the law.  It’s the policy.  When anyone’s name appears unless there’s an intelligence value to it, the name has to be blacked out and masked.  And if it’s true she was doing this for any period of time, there’s no other reason than political,” explains Rep. Pete King (R-New York).
Names should be blacked out and masked, says the New York lawmaker who serves on the House Intelligence Committee, but in this case it appears that some of those names Rice asked to be revealed were names of Trump Transition personnel, he says.
“My understanding, and it’s from reports, not any personal knowledge, they were whether it was Susan Rice or whoever was doing it, it’s my belief is that, Trump transition team…what it was is others were being monitored the foreign officials were being monitored and references they made or any information they gave Trump Transition people or people close to Donald Trump what was disseminated and that’s totally improper,” says King.
Improper… certainly.  And possibly illegal, which is why King says Rice is likely to be asked to appear before the House and Senate Intelligence Committees where King says he would like to ask her who may have directed her actions.
“I believe if there is any truth at all to these allegations, or any substance to them at all then Susan Rice will have to testify before the Intelligence Committee in the House and the Senate….
Well, first I would try to find out if these allegations are true.  If they are, by what right did she do it, what was she instructed to do, by anyone else.  Was she instructed by the President?  And did anyone on his staff have access to this information, as well.
I think there is potential for criminal liability, yes,” King says.
As more is discovered about the activities of Dr. Rice, many questions still remain unanswered–which means her appearance before congressional panels may be unavoidable.



ARTICLE
April 5, 2017
By Yeganeh Torbati
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson should meet with “democratically-minded” activists in Russia as well as government officials during his visit there later this month, two senators urged him in a letter released on Wednesday.
Tillerson is due to visit Russia for talks expected to touch on the nation’s annexation of Crimea, its deployment of a land-based cruise missile and its role in Syria’s civil war.
While there, he should also meet with civil society activists, Democratic Senator Jeanne Shaheen and Republican Senator Marco Rubio said in the letter. The senators sit on the subcommittee that oversees the State Department budget.
“We feel strongly that democratically-minded Russians should know that the U.S. supports their aspirations, and as our nation’s top diplomat, you are in a unique position to communicate this message,” the letter said.
Tillerson, who has taken four trips abroad during his two months in office, has so far not engaged in the “public diplomacy” in which previous Republican and Democratic secretaries of state took part. Such events might include meetings with activists as well as town halls with youths and interviews with local journalists.
A State Department spokesman did not respond to a request for comment.
In Turkey last week, Tillerson met with Norine Brunson, the wife of jailed American pastor Andrew Brunson, a missionary held there since October.
In a visit to China last month, Tillerson made brief mention of human and religious rights but had no known meetings with activists or engagements with civil society representatives.
By contrast, former secretary of state Hillary Clinton ended her 2009 visit to China with services at a state-sanctioned church, a conversation with women’s rights activists and a brief Web chat with Chinese internet users.
Russian opposition activist Vladimir Kara-Murza told a Senate hearing last month that it was important that the world pay attention to voices in Russia besides those of President Vladimir Putin’s government.
“Russia is so much bigger and so much more diverse than the Putin regime,” Kara-Murza said.
In Moscow, both Republican and Democratic secretaries of state have met with civic leaders at Spaso House, the U.S. ambassador’s stately residence. In 2007, Condoleezza Rice, secretary of state under Republican President George W. Bush, used such a visit to encourage Russian activists to build democratic institutions that protect human rights.




ARTICLE
April 5, 2017
By Michael Martina and Diane Bartz
BEIJING/WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Although worried about the prospect of a trade war, American businesses operating in China nonetheless want President Donald Trump to wring some concessions on market access from China’s leader Xi Jingping when the two meet this week.
Trump warned in a tweet last week the meetings at his Mar-a-Lago resort on Thursday and Friday will be “very difficult” and “American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives.”
Trump has said he wants U.S. companies to stop investing in China and instead create jobs at home. He has also accused China of manipulating its currency to boost exports.
Critics within U.S. industry have accused China of unfair government subsidies to its companies, and of flooding the U.S. market with cheap products from steel to solar panels, while restricting foreign investment over vast swathes of the world’s second-biggest economy.
But they also worry Trump’s policies on China are not entirely clear, with his trade team still not in place, and may be subject to a ‘grand bargain’ involving other issues such as North Korea.
Trump is set to enter the meeting without several key advisors, including his pick for trade negotiator, Robert Lighthizer who has yet to be confirmed by Congress. His nominee as ambassador to China, Iowa Governor Terry Branstad, has also yet to be confirmed, while several posts in the U.S. State Department that formulate Asia policy remain unfilled.
“With this in mind, it is hard to imagine that there will be much in the way of concrete accomplishments at this summit, or even that there has been any significant interagency discussion on strategy leading up to it,” said Randal Phillips, Mintz Group’s Beijing-based managing partner for Asia and the former chief CIA representative in China.

‘ACTIONS, NOT WORDS’
Some of the largest U.S. companies have contributed to the billions of dollars of foreign direct investment that have poured into China over the past two decades, creating hundreds of thousands of jobs. They include tech companies like Apple, which makes much of its iPhone in China, automakers such as General Motors and Ford, heavy machinery firms like Caterpillar, retailers like Starbucks and makers of shaving foam and detergent, like Procter & Gamble.
U.S. steel producers want Trump to press Xi on Chinese steel prices, according to a source who has been in discussions with the administration in advance of the summit.
U.S. automakers complain about a disparity in tariffs: The United States has a 2.5 percent tariff on auto imports, China’s is 25 percent.
But the stakes are perhaps highest for American technology firms, who worry that China’s new cyber-security law, which takes effect in June, sets potentially discriminatory standards for multinationals.
The Information Technology & Innovation Foundation (ITIF), a think-tank whose board includes representatives from Apple, IBM Google and other tech heavyweights, has urged the Trump administration to pressure China to “stop rigging markets”. It warned that possible retaliation from Beijing was not a reason for inaction.
Trump has staked out various positions on China as president in his tweets, phone calls and statements.
In a phone call with Xi after taking office, Trump gave ground on one of Beijing’s most sensitive issues – the status of Taiwan – after earlier suggesting he might not stick to Washington’s long-held “one China” policy.
Trump signed two executive orders on trade on Friday, one to improve import tariff collection and another to study the causes of the U.S. trade deficit. Trump said at the White House signing ceremony he and Xi were “going to get down to some serious business” and vowed that “the theft of American prosperity” by foreign countries would end.
Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Zheng Zeguang said on Friday  the U.S.-China trade imbalance was mostly the result of differences in the two countries’ economic structures and noted  China had a trade deficit in services.
China tops the list of countries who have trade surpluses with the United States, with a $347 billion surplus last year.

TRADE WARS
Some in the U.S. business community worry about tit-for-tat retaliation in trade disputes with China.
Jacob Parker, vice president of China operations at the U.S.-China Business Council, said the two presidents need to take “positive actions that would lead to a more durable relationship, not retaliatory actions that would lead to a trade war”.
The list of commercial issues between the two countries was so long, it would be impossible to make a major dent in them with one meeting, he said.
China is the largest export market for U.S. soybean producers, accounting for 62 percent of U.S. soy exports in 2016 with a value of over $14 billion, leading some experts to suggest the sector could be particularly vulnerable to retaliation.
Steve Censky, chief executive of the American Soybean Association, told Reuters he hopes Trump will take a “prudent” approach to the trade relationship and address any issues in a “workman-like manner”, recognizing that both countries have a lot to lose if the relationship suffers.
William Zarit, chairman of the American Chamber of Commerce in China met senior Trump administration officials in February, and said “it was clear they were very familiar with the issues facing American companies in China, perhaps more so than previous administrations”.
But several corporate lobbyists, representing a range of companies expressed concern Trump’s lack of attention to detail could prove counterproductive when it comes to the intricacies of the massive trade and investment relationship.
“It’s not yet clear whether … this is a White House that wants to fundamentally reset the terms of the relationship or tinker at the edges and declare a public relations win,” said a China expert at a Washington business lobby who asked not to be named.




ARTICLE
April 5, 2017
By Lisa Lambert and Sarah N. Lynch
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The clock began running out this week on a strategy that has provided U.S. Republicans in Congress with their only notable legislative successes this year: aggressive use of an obscure U.S. law known as the Congressional Review Act (CRA).
On his 75th day in power, President Donald Trump has yet to offer any major legislation or win passage of a bill he favors, but House of Representatives Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy has notched numerous small-scale victories with his strategy.
Vice President Mike Pence told business leaders at the White House on Tuesday that Trump would sign more CRA resolutions soon and roll back an “avalanche of red tape” from the administration of President Barack Obama, a Democrat.
Since Trump took office on Jan. 20, McCarthy has led Congress in churning out 13 resolutions under the CRA killing Obama-era regulations, most of concern to business interests.
Trump has signed 11 of these into law, not only rolling back the rules they targeted but also barring agencies from writing “substantially similar” regulations in the future.
White House spokesman Sean Spicer said on Tuesday the number of resolutions signed over two months showed Trump is “vastly different” from past presidents in rolling back regulations.
On Monday Trump signed a CRA resolution repealing broadband privacy protections. He has also signed resolutions killing rules meant to expand background checks for mentally ill gun purchasers, change public school assessments, and reduce coal waste runoff into streams.
Last Friday was the deadline for introducing any new CRA resolutions on regulations enacted by Obama’s administration. Now Republicans must complete voting on resolutions already in the legislative pipeline by mid-May.
Democrats assail the reversals as harming the environment, education and checks on Wall Street, with many saying the regulations were killed in order to please big-money lobbyists.
Representative Louise Slaughter, the senior Democrat on the Rules Committee that sends resolutions to the House floor for votes, said in an interview “of course it benefits the lobbyists.”
But she said fumbles around healthcare and tax reform also pushed CRA resolutions to the fore.
“Partly I think it’s because they don’t have anything else to do,” she said about Republicans’ eagerness. “Other than that I think it’s just another ‘take that Obama.'”

UNINTENDED CONSEQUENCES
McCarthy, a Californian and the No. 2 House Republican, saw the CRA’s potential before the election. Written in 1996 and successfully used only once before 2017, the law was originally meant to restore the balance of power between Congress and the federal bureaucracy. But lobbyists and lawmakers recognized it could be used as a policy weapon, if the stars aligned.
Under the law, resolutions only need simple majorities in each chamber to go on for the president’s signature. So one party must control both the legislative and executive branches for it to work. The law sets a short time span for introducing disapproval resolutions: 60 legislative days after a regulation is finalized, meaning it can only be used right after a president of an opposing party leaves office.
The stars aligned on Nov. 8, when Republicans captured the White House, Senate and House. For weeks Republican lawmakers bombarded McCarthy with lists of regulations to repeal and lobbying groups laid plans. The first disapproval resolutions were introduced on Jan. 30.
Right after the election, McCarthy told his party to “go through each regulation on our priority list,” he said.
“If you look at Article One of the Constitution, this isn’t the role of these agencies. The agencies have become too big,”  McCarthy said in an interview with Reuters.
The first resolutions sailed through, primarily because Republicans had opposed the regulations long before they were finalized. McCarthy said so many lawmakers objected to the stream pollution rule that wiping it off the books was easy.
Even though the CRA effort is winding down, McCarthy’s brief campaign showed that aggressive use of the law could succeed, and provided Republicans with some modest, but needed successes in a time when they are struggling with larger matters.
“After years of talk about cutting red tape, it is now actually happening,” House Speaker Paul Ryan said on Tuesday. “We are reversing the Obama administration’s most recent and last regulatory onslaught.”




ARTICLE
April 5, 2017
Washington, D.C. – Trey Yingst, OAN Chief White House Correspondent
President Trump welcomed King Abdullah of Jordan to the White House on Wednesday.
The two world leaders held a joint press conference in the Rose Garden where they discussed the Israeli/Palestinian relationship, the fight against ISIS and the Assad regime.
The meeting comes a day after 100 people were killed with chemical weapons, West of Aleppo, Syria.
President Trump began the press conference speaking out against the attack and said his views on Bashar al-Assad have changed.
“That attack on children yesterday had a big impact on me,” Trump said.
A Senior Administration Official in the White House tells One America News that “many options” are on the table as to how the Trump administration will respond to Assad.
King Abdullah committed to standing behind the US as President Trump works to stabilize the Middle East.



ARTICLE
April 5, 2017
New York, NY – Claire Hardwick, OAN Political Correspondent
While President Sisi met with President Trump at the White House, filmmaker Ami Horowitz said it is clear that President Trump is focused on renewing key alliances that suffered greatly under the Obama administration.
Horowitz said President Trump has been committed from the start of his administration to reviving the US relationship with Israel and Egypt, which are two very important countries in a tumultuous region.
“You can’t overstate how important it is. It really is important. You’re not going to have peace in that region without Israel and Egypt- you’re just not going to have it. Egypt just plays too much of an instrumental role, its geographically centered where this conflict is naturally, its on the border of Israel.”
President Trump extended invitations to both Prime Minister Netanyahu and President Sisi, showing a renewed effort to restore these alliances.
Horowitz said that President Sisi has already offered strong leadership in Egypt.
And is committed to fighting extremism within his own country and the entire region.



ARTICLE
April 4, 2017
By Phil Stewart
QAYYARA WEST AIRFIELD, Iraq (Reuters) – President Donald Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, voiced optimism about the long-term U.S. alliance with Iraq’s military and its campaign to retake Mosul from Islamic State on Tuesday, as he visited a base about 10 miles (16 km) from the city.
Kushner was on the last day of a two-day trip to Iraq as the guest of Marine General Joseph Dunford, chairman of the U.S. military’s Joint Chiefs of Staff. The visit to the Hammam al-Alil base included an operational briefing from Iraqi and U.S. commanders.
The trip has demonstrated the far-reaching portfolio of Kushner, 36, who is part of Trump’s innermost circle and who has been given a wide range of domestic and foreign policy responsibilities, including working on a Middle East peace deal. His views on Iraq could shape Trump’s own opinions.
It comes as Trump is examining ways to accelerate a U.S.-led coalition campaign that U.S. and Iraqi officials say has so far been largely successful in uprooting Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria.
Mosul is by far the biggest city to have been held by Islamic State, and winning it back would largely destroy the Iraqi part of the group’s “caliphate,” proclaimed from a Mosul mosque in 2014.
There are mounting concerns about civilian casualties in the final phases of the assault and questions about how quickly Mosul can be rebuilt, repopulated and governed in a way that avoids alienating its Sunni-majority population.
The Mosul battle, the biggest in Iraq since the U.S.-led invasion in 2003, has been under way since October, with 100,000 Iraqi troops, Kurdish fighters and Shi’ite militiamen seeking to drive out the militants with the support of U.S.-led air strikes.
Although Trump campaigned on defeating the hardline Sunni militant group, he has not announced any major changes to war strategy and it is unclear how Kushner’s experience in Iraq might shape his advice to the president.
Speaking after lengthy battlefield reports from Iraq’s military, Kushner sounded upbeat about the campaign and said the partnership between U.S. and Iraqi troops was “very impressive.”
He expressed hope the partnership would be enduring, signaling White House interest in longer-term U.S. military assistance.
“I hope the victory that you have in Mosul in the near future will not just be a victory for the American and Iraqi troops but it will be a victory for the world,” Kushner said.

ISLAMIC STATE CONDEMNS TRUMP
On Tuesday, Islamic State issued its first official remarks referring to Trump since he assumed the U.S. presidency in January, describing him as an “idiot.”
“You (the U.S.) are bankrupt and the signs of your demise are evident to every eye,” spokesman Abi al-Hassan al-Muhajer said in a recording released on the messaging network Telegram.
“There is no more evidence than (that) you being run by an idiot who does not know what Syria or Iraq or Islam is.”
Even after Mosul and other pockets of territory are recaptured, U.S. officials expect Islamic State to go underground and fight on as a more traditional insurgency.
Kushner’s trip was his first to Iraq and the visit to Hammam al-Alil, where U.S. advisers and artillery are positioned to assist the battle in Mosul, was also the closest Dunford has gotten to Mosul since the campaign began.
They stopped briefly at Qayyara West Airfield, another key hub in the war, where U.S. forces manning High Mobility Artillery Rocket Systems fired twice at Islamic State targets in Mosul the night before.
Iraqi security forces are engaged in fierce, house-to-house fighting in Mosul. Nearly 290,000 people have fled the city to escape the fighting, according to the United Nations, and it has had a heavy toll on civilians trapped in the city.
The advance has been slowed since March 17, when scores of people sheltering from air strikes were killed in a blast. The United States has acknowledged it may have had some kind of role in the incident but also said Islamic State may be to blame. A U.S. investigation is ongoing.
Dunford said Baghdad was looking at ways to better safeguard civilians, given tactics by Islamic State that has raised the risks – including the use of civilians as human shields.
“The Iraqis are looking to make some adaptations,” he told reporters after the talks, which included meetings on Monday with Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi in Baghdad.





ARTICLE
April 4, 2017
By David Shepardson
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – President Donald Trump vowed on Tuesday to cut red tape to speed up approval of infrastructure projects and said his overhaul could top $1 trillion on roads, tunnels and bridges, one of his 2016 election campaign promises.
Trump, a real estate businessman before he was elected, did not provide further details on the amount or where the money would come from when he spoke to a White House meeting of 50 chief executives and other business leaders.
U.S. Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao said at the forum that the administration plans to release a legislative package in May. Investors have become more skeptical that the plan would  win approval this year in Congress, which is controlled by Republicans who are traditionally wary of big spending.
Trump said building a highway can require dozens of approvals and take 10 to 20 years, a process he vowed to speed up. Trump said he would not fund projects that cannot be started within 90 days.
The administration wants to improve the electrical grid and water systems, rebuild airports, bridges, roads and potentially hospitals for military veterans and broadband.
National Economic Council director Gary Cohn told executives that privatizing air traffic control, which the administration proposed in its budget outline in March, “is probably the single most exciting thing we can do.”.
Cohn, an investment banker with Goldman Sachs before he became Trump’s top economic adviser, said it could help speed flight times and reduce fuel use.
Cohn said if cities “sell off” or privatize infrastructure assets, the administration could provide financial support.
“We’re not on the cutting edge of this,” Cohn said. “We’ve got to get a little more comfortable with public-private partnerships.”
Cohn touted an idea of electric car maker Tesla Inc <TSLA.O> CEO Elon Musk to use tunnels to speed rail transit on the densely populated east coast and also to cut traffic congestion in Los Angeles. A Tesla spokesman declined comment.




ARTICLE
April 4, 2017
By Valerie Volcovici
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Some big American coal companies have advised President Donald Trump’s administration to break his promise to pull the United States out of the Paris Climate Agreement – arguing that the accord could provide their best forum for protecting their global interests.
Remaining in the global deal to combat climate change will give U.S. negotiators a chance to advocate for coal in the future of the global energy mix, coal companies like Cloud Peak Energy Inc and Peabody Energy Corp told White House officials over the past few weeks, according to executives and a U.S. official familiar with the discussions.
“The future is foreign markets, so the last thing you want to do if you are a coal company is to give up a U.S. seat in the international climate discussions and let the Europeans control the agenda,” said the official, who asked not to be named because he was not authorized to speak publicly on the issue.
“They can’t afford for the most powerful advocate for fossil fuels to be away from the table,” the official said.
Cloud Peak and Peabody officials confirmed the discussions.
In Cloud Peak’s view, staying in the agreement and trying to encourage “a more balanced, reasonable and appropriate path forward” on fossil fuel technologies among signatories to the accord seems like a reasonable stance, said Cloud Peak’s vice president of government affairs, Richard Reavey.
The coal industry was interested in ensuring that the Paris deal provides a role for low-emission coal-fired power plants and financial support for carbon capture and storage technology, the officials said. They also want the pact to protect multilateral funding for international coal projects through bodies like the World Bank.
The Paris accord, agreed by nearly 200 countries in 2015, would seek to limit global warming by slashing carbon dioxide and other emissions from burning fossil fuels. As part of the deal, the United States committed to reducing its emissions by between 26 percent and 28 percent below 2005 levels by 2025.
During his 2016 presidential campaign, Trump vowed to pull the United States out of the pact, tapping into a well of concern among his fellow Republicans that the United States’ energy habits would be policed by the United Nations.
But since being elected, he has been mostly quiet on the issue, and administration officials have recently been asking energy companies for advice.
White House spokesman Sean Spicer said last week that the administration expected to make a decision on whether to remain a party to the deal by the time leaders of the Group of Seven wealthy nations meet in late May.
The prospect of the United States remaining in the Paris deal has irritated some smaller miners, including Murray Energy Corp, whose chief executive, Robert Murray helped fund Trump’s presidential bid.
Staying in the Paris accord could also face resistance from within Trump’s party. Republican Congressman Kevin Cramer of North Dakota has been circulating a letter among Republican lawmakers calling on the president to stay in the deal but has gathered only seven signatures so far.




ARTICLE
April 4, 2017
By Valerie Volcovici
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Some big American coal companies have advised President Donald Trump’s administration to break his promise to pull the United States out of the Paris Climate Agreement – arguing that the accord could provide their best forum for protecting their global interests.
Remaining in the global deal to combat climate change will give U.S. negotiators a chance to advocate for coal in the future of the global energy mix, coal companies like Cloud Peak Energy Inc and Peabody Energy Corp told White House officials over the past few weeks, according to executives and a U.S. official familiar with the discussions.
“The future is foreign markets, so the last thing you want to do if you are a coal company is to give up a U.S. seat in the international climate discussions and let the Europeans control the agenda,” said the official, who asked not to be named because he was not authorized to speak publicly on the issue.
“They can’t afford for the most powerful advocate for fossil fuels to be away from the table,” the official said.
Cloud Peak and Peabody officials confirmed the discussions.
In Cloud Peak’s view, staying in the agreement and trying to encourage “a more balanced, reasonable and appropriate path forward” on fossil fuel technologies among signatories to the accord seems like a reasonable stance, said Cloud Peak’s vice president of government affairs, Richard Reavey.
The coal industry was interested in ensuring that the Paris deal provides a role for low-emission coal-fired power plants and financial support for carbon capture and storage technology, the officials said. They also want the pact to protect multilateral funding for international coal projects through bodies like the World Bank.
The Paris accord, agreed by nearly 200 countries in 2015, would seek to limit global warming by slashing carbon dioxide and other emissions from burning fossil fuels. As part of the deal, the United States committed to reducing its emissions by between 26 percent and 28 percent below 2005 levels by 2025.
During his 2016 presidential campaign, Trump vowed to pull the United States out of the pact, tapping into a well of concern among his fellow Republicans that the United States’ energy habits would be policed by the United Nations.
But since being elected, he has been mostly quiet on the issue, and administration officials have recently been asking energy companies for advice.
White House spokesman Sean Spicer said last week that the administration expected to make a decision on whether to remain a party to the deal by the time leaders of the Group of Seven wealthy nations meet in late May.
The prospect of the United States remaining in the Paris deal has irritated some smaller miners, including Murray Energy Corp, whose chief executive, Robert Murray helped fund Trump’s presidential bid.
Staying in the Paris accord could also face resistance from within Trump’s party. Republican Congressman Kevin Cramer of North Dakota has been circulating a letter among Republican lawmakers calling on the president to stay in the deal but has gathered only seven signatures so far.




ARTICLE
April 4, 2017
By David Shepardson
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The Trump administration would virtually eliminate federal funding for the Environmental Protection Agency’s budget for vehicle emissions and fuel economy testing but will seek to raise fees on industry to pay for some testing, a government document shows.
The cuts would slash by more than half the staff of the EPA department that conducts vehicle, engine, and fuel testing to verify emissions standards are met and mileage stickers are accurate. Its work helped lead to Volkswagen AG’s <VOWG_p.DE> 2015 admission that it violated vehicle emissions rules for years.
In a March 21 budget document posted online by the Washington Post, the Trump administration proposed eliminating $48 million in federal funding for EPA vehicle and fuel testing and certification.
It represents a 99 percent federal cut to the vehicle testing budget and would require “pretty much shutting down the testing lab,” said Margo Oge, who headed the EPA’s Office of Transportation and Air Quality under President Barack Obama.
The proposal, which would also cut 168 out of 304 full-time jobs, seeks to partially fund current operations by boosting fees automakers and engine manufacturers pay for testing. An EPA official confirmed the document’s authenticity.
The Trump administration has proposed cutting the EPA’s budget by 31 percent and eliminating more than 50 programs.
EPA spokesman John Konkus declined to answer questions about how the cuts could affect vehicle testing. “We know we can effectively serve the taxpayers and protect the environment. While many in Washington insist on greater spending, EPA is focused on greater value and real results,” Konkus said.
Gloria Bergquist, a spokeswoman for the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers, an auto trade association, said automakers were concerned the proposed cuts could delay certification of new vehicles “and getting products to consumers.”
Janet McCabe, a former EPA official in the Obama administration, said Monday that companies that take care to comply with the rules can be at a disadvantage without strong enforcement of the rules.
“We know that a little bit of cheating can mean a lot of air pollution,” McCabe said.
The administration plans to release a detailed budget plan in May.
In March, Trump ordered a review of tough U.S. vehicle fuel-efficiency standards put in place by the Obama administration.
The EPA stepped up scrutiny of automakers after Volkswagen admitted to cheating diesel emissions tests in 580,000 U.S. vehicles. VW agreed to pay up to $25 billion in penalties and buyback costs and pleaded guilty in March to felony charges.
In September 2015, EPA said it would review emissions from all U.S. diesel vehicles after Volkswagen’s admission it used secret software to emit up to 40 times allowable emissions.
That review prompted the allegation by the EPA in January that Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV used undisclosed software to allow excess diesel emissions from 104,000 U.S. trucks and SUVs. Fiat Chrysler denies wrongdoing.
The EPA is also scrutinizing emissions from Daimler AG’s Mercedes-Benz vehicles. It has not approved Daimler or Fiat Chrysler’s request to sell 2017 model diesels.
The EPA has also investigated cases of several automakers overstating mileage on window stickers in recent years.
In 2014, the EPA hit Korean automakers Hyundai Motor Co and affiliate Kia Motors Corp with $350 million in penalties for overstating fuel economy ratings.




ARTICLE
April 4, 2017
By Robert Iafolla
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Top U.S. labor leader Richard Trumka on Tuesday blasted the Trump administration’s initial plan to revamp the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), calling it “very timid.”
Speaking before an audience at the National Press Club, Trumka said that the administration could leave the “most oppressive pieces” of NAFTA in place despite President Donald Trump’s harsh criticism of the 23-year-old trade deal with Mexico and Canada.
Trump called NAFTA a “disaster” throughout the 2016 election campaign, but the plan outlined in a draft notification letter would preserve many of its provisions, including a settlement system for other disputes that circumvents local courts.
The U.S. Trade Representative’s office circulated the letter with its NAFTA objectives to members of Congress for review. The letter, seen by Reuters, is part of the legal process required to start negotiations to revamp the NAFTA.
The AFL-CIO, an umbrella organization of unions representing 12.5 million workers, endorsed Trump’s opponent in the presidential election, Hillary Clinton. But the AFL-CIO has long been critical of NAFTA and Trumka, the labor federation’s president, met with Trump after the election.
Trumka said on Tuesday that the AFL-CIO will judge the Trump administration based on its actions and provide backing when it supports workers.
How Trump handles the revamping of NAFTA “will be the real test,” Trumka said.
Trumka said there are dozens of changes to the trade pact that unions favor, such as making its labor standards fully enforceable and scrapping the entire dispute resolution system for antidumping and antisubsidy cases.




ARTICLE
April 4, 2017
MEXICO CITY (Reuters) – Mexico’s foreign minister Luis Videgaray will travel to Washington on Tuesday to meet with senior U.S. officials and to attend a meeting at the Organisation of American States (OAS), his ministry said in a statement.
The meetings with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly are aimed at furthering the bilateral and regional agenda between Mexico and the United States, the Mexican foreign ministry said.
In recent weeks, Mexico has taken an assertive role in the OAS in relation to the political and economic crisis in Venezuela.




ARTICLE
April 4, 2017
By Brendan Pierson
NEW YORK (Reuters) – A U.S. judge said he will inquire further into whether former New York City mayor Rudolph Giuliani and former U.S. Attorney General Michael Mukasey can represent a Turkish gold trader charged with conspiring to violate U.S. sanctions against Iran.
U.S. District Judge Richard Berman said at a hearing on Tuesday in Manhattan federal court that he will hold another hearing, likely later this month, into whether conflicts of interest prevent the two men from effectively representing the trader, Reza Zarrab.
Giuliani and Mukasey will not appear in court or help prepare for Zarrab’s trial, Benjamin Brafman, another of Zarrab’s lawyers, said at the hearing. Instead, he said, they are seeking a “diplomatic solution” to the case.
The two men traveled to Turkey shortly after Feb. 24 to meet with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. Giuliani, an ally of President Donald Trump, discussed the trip in advance with then-U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara, who brought the charges against Zarrab, Brafman said, while Mukasey conferred with Attorney General Jeff Sessions.
“No one was trying to hide their involvement,” Brafman said.
Zarrab is accused of conspiring to conduct illegal transactions through U.S. banks on behalf of Iran’s government and other Iranian entities. Prosecutors said in a court filing last week that eight of those banks were clients of Giuliani or Mukasey’s firms, and that Giuliani’s firm is a registered agent of Turkey, raising potential conflicts.
Brafman said in a response the issue “quite frankly is none of the Government’s business.” But Berman said at Tuesday’s hearing that it was “unquestionably the business of the court.”
At the hearing, Brafman argued that Zarrab had an “absolute right” to meet with anyone he chose. If he had chosen to meet with another lawyer without telling anyone, there would be no issue, Brafman said.
“He’s interviewed half the lawyers in America, so that’s not so much of a hypothetical,” Brafman joked, alluding to Zarrab’s hiring of more than a dozen lawyers at major firms.
The dispute highlights the politically charged nature of the case, which expanded in scope last week with the arrest of an executive at a Turkish state-owned bank accused of conspiring with Zarrab. Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu criticized that arrest as “political.”
Zarrab, a dual national of Iran and Turkey, had previously been arrested in 2013 in a corruption probe of people tied to Erdogan, then prime minister of Turkey.




ARTICLE
April 4, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump said on Tuesday that his administration is working on changes to Dodd-Frank banking regulations that will make it easier for banks to loan money.
“We’re going to be coming out with some very strong – far beyond recommendations – we’re going to be doing things that are going to be very good for the banking industry so that the banks can loan money to people who need it,” Trump told a meeting with a  business leaders from the New York area at the White House.
“We’re going to do a very major haircut on Dodd-Frank. We want strong restrictions, we want strong regulation. But not regulation that makes it impossible for the banks to loan to people that are going to create jobs,” Trump said.




ARTICLE
April 4, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The top Democrat on the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee blasted the White House on Tuesday for playing a role “in selectively and surreptitiously” providing documents to committee chairman Devin Nunes.
“If the White House had any concerns over these documents, or any other documents, they should have provided them to our committee weeks ago,” Representative Adam Schiff said in a statement.
He said he expected the documents, related to surveillance that swept up some communications by Trump associates, would be available to the full House and Senate intelligence committees “soon.”





ARTICLE
April 4, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Tuesday Republican lawmakers are having productive talks on a new healthcare reform bill, but it was too soon to say if and when  a new proposal would be put forth.
“It’s premature to say where we are or what we’re on because we’re at that conceptual stage right now,” Ryan told reporters. “We don’t have a bill text or an agreement yet, but this is the kind of conversations we want.”
Republicans are making healthcare reform their top priority for now, a source familiar with the agenda talks told Reuters, after the first effort collapsed on March 24.




ARTICLE
April 4, 2017
By Sarah N. Lynch
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The U.S. Senate Banking Committee voted on Tuesday to advance Jay Clayton’s nomination as the next head of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission to the full Senate for approval.
The committee voted 15 to 8, with some Democrats including Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren and Sherrod Brown of Ohio voting against him amid concerns about his close ties to Wall Street through his career as a deal-making attorney for the law firm Sullivan & Cromwell.





ARTICLE
April 4, 2017
Washington, D.C. – Trey Yingst, OAN Chief White House Correspondent
President Trump issued a statement on Tuesday condemning a chemical weapon attack in Syria this week that left 100 people dead.
The attack occurred Monday night and is suspected to have been committed by the Assad regime.
Press Secretary Sean Spicer issued the statement today from the West Wing and called the attacks on innocent civilians “heinous.”
He also blamed the Obama administration for failing to act in Syria after drawing a red line for chemical weapon use. While Spicer spoke out against the recent attacks, he could not say whether or not the Trump administration will be drawing a similar line.
“I’m not ready to talk about our next step, but we’ll get there soon,” Spicer said.
The statement comes one day before President Trump and King Abdullah of Jordan are slate to discuss policy on Syria at the White House.



ARTICLE
April 4, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said on Tuesday he would soon file a motion seeking to cut off an expected Democratic filibuster of Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch, setting the clock ticking toward a showdown vote later in the week.
The motion would set up a vote, likely on Thursday, to try to cut off the filibuster, which would require a super-majority of 60 votes in the 100-seat Senate to end debate on Gorsuch’s nomination and move to a final up or down vote on confirmation.
Enough Democrats have agreed to support a filibuster to block a final vote under current Senate rules, and McConnell is expected to seek a rule change to get the nomination approved by Friday.




ARTICLE
April 4, 2017
By David Shepardson
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday signed a repeal of Obama-era broadband privacy rules, the White House said, a victory for internet service providers and a blow to privacy advocates.
Republicans in Congress last week narrowly passed the repeal of the privacy rules with no Democratic support and over the strong objections of privacy advocates.
The signing, disclosed in White House statement late on Monday, follows strong criticism of the bill, which is a win for AT&T Inc, Comcast Corp and Verizon Communications Inc.
The bill repeals regulations adopted in October by the Federal Communications Commission under the Obama administration requiring internet service providers to do more to protect customers’ privacy than websites like Alphabet Inc’s Google or Facebook Inc.
The rules had not yet taken effect but would have required internet providers to obtain consumer consent before using precise geolocation, financial information, health information, children’s information and web browsing history for advertising and marketing.
FCC Chairman Ajit Pai praised the repeal in a statement late on Monday for having “appropriately invalidated one part of the Obama-era plan for regulating the internet.” Those flawed privacy rules, which never went into effect, were designed to benefit one group of favored companies, not online consumers.”
Pai said the FCC would work with the Federal Trade Commission, which oversees websites, to restore the “FTC’s authority to police internet service providers’ privacy practices.”
Republican FCC commissioners have said the Obama rules would unfairly give websites the ability to harvest more data than internet service providers.
The action is the latest in a string of reversals of Obama administration rules. On Monday, the FCC reversed a requirement that Charter Communications Inc extend broadband service to 1 million homes that already have a high-speed provider.
On Friday, Comcast, Verizon AT&T Inc said they would voluntarily not sell customers’ individual internet browsing information.
Verizon does not sell personal web browsing histories and has no plans to do so but the company said it has two advertising programs that use “de-identified” customer browsing data, including one that uses “aggregate insights that might be useful for advertisers and other businesses.”
The American Civil Liberties Union said last month Congress should have opposed “industry pressure to put profits over privacy” and added “most Americans believe that their sensitive internet information should be closely guarded.”
Trade group USTelecom Chief Executive Jonathan Spalter in a statement praised Trump for “stopping rules that would have created a confusing and conflicting consumer privacy framework.”
Last week, 46 Senate Democrats urged Trump not to sign the bill, arguing most Americans “believe that their private information should be just that.”
Republicans later this year are expected to move to overturn net neutrality provisions that in 2015 reclassified broadband providers and treated them like a public utility – a move that is expected to spark an even bigger fight.




ARTICLE
April 4, 2017
By Aukkarapon Niyomyat and Orathai Sriring
BANGKOK (Reuters) – Thailand’s prime minister said on Tuesday he had told officials to prepare for changes in U.S. trade policy under President Donald Trump, but it was too soon for the big exporter to worry.
As in other Asian countries which run large trade surpluses with the United States, concern has spread in Thailand since Trump last week said he had ordered a study of the causes of U.S. trade deficits.
“We should take it easy as there are no formal words about that yet,” junta leader Prayuth Chan-ocha told reporters.
“I have asked deputy prime ministers and relevant agencies to look into it as we have to be prepared … but don’t worry too much about that now.”
Thailand ran a surplus of about $18 billion in trade with the United States last year, the Thai commerce ministry says.
That puts it 11th globally – well behind China’s $347 billion surplus or even nearby Vietnam’s $32 billion – but the United States is Thailand’s biggest export destination at a time the military government is struggling rekindle growth.
At a meeting in Bangkok on Monday, a senior U.S. trade official set out the Trump administration’s trade agenda, the Office of the United States Trade Representative said.
Topics of discussion included “barriers to U.S. exports to Thailand related to customs, agriculture, intellectual property, labor, financial services, and other issues,” it said.
Commerce Minister Apiradi Tantraporn said the ministry would meet businesses this week to discuss the potential impact of Trump administration policies, but it was sticking to its export growth target of 5 percent for now.
Thailand’s top five export goods to the United States last year were computers and computer parts, rubber products, jewelry, radio and television receivers, and automobiles and parts.
Exports, one of Thailand’s few drivers of growth, are just starting to recover. They rose slightly in 2016 after three years of contraction and were up 2.5 percent from a year earlier in the first two months of this year.
The central bank last week raised its 2017 export forecast to 2.2 percent rise from no growth and upgraded its economic growth outlook to 3.4 percent from 3.2 percent.
Southeast Asia’s second-largest economy expanded 3.2 percent last year.




ARTICLE
April 4, 2017
By Sarah N. Lynch
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Before Wall Street attorney Jay Clayton was nominated to be head of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, he communicated with more than a half dozen of President Donald Trump’s transition representatives, including one whose company has a multi-million-dollar contract with the SEC, according to documents seen by Reuters.
Among those whom Clayton was in touch with was Peter Thiel, a Trump donor and Silicon Valley entrepreneur who co-founded Palantir Technologies, which has a contract with the SEC that Clayton may one day have to review, according to written answers from Clayton in response to questions from the Senate Banking Committee’s top Democrat, Sherrod Brown.
Clayton’s responses followed his confirmation hearing before the committee on March 23.
Clayton wrote that he communicated on a “substantive basis” with current members of the Trump administration and other former transition officials including Thiel.
He did not elaborate about the nature of the communications.
In 2015, Palantir, based in Palo Alto, California, won a more than $43 million contract with the SEC to provide data mining services, according to public records. The contract was for five years, with years two through five being optional, an SEC spokeswoman told Reuters at the time.
If confirmed as SEC chairman, Clayton will have direct authority over contracting matters for the agency.
A spokesman for Clayton declined to comment. Palantir did not respond to requests for comment. A spokeswoman for the White House referred all questions to spokesmen for Clayton.
Clayton also disclosed in his written responses that he communicated with others, including Rebekah Mercer, a Trump donor whose father, Robert Mercer, founded the hedge fund Renaissance Technologies; Genie Energy Ltd President Ira Greenstein; venture capitalist Darren Blanton; Martin Silverstein, a lawyer who is senior counsel with the law firm Greenberg Taurig and who was ambassador to Uruguay for four years under President George W. Bush; Trump’s current chief strategist Steve Bannon; and White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus, the documents show.
“I believe it is fair to presume that one or more of these individuals may be affiliated with one or more public companies or other companies that are regulated by the SEC,” Clayton wrote. He did not address whether any of the individuals may also have a financial stake in SEC contracts.
The disclosure of his communications with Thiel come just one day before the Senate Banking Committee is set to vote on whether to send Clayton’s nomination to the full Senate. He is still expected to be approved by the committee and later by the full Senate.
The issue has the potential to stoke deeper concerns among some Democrats on the panel who already have misgivings about possible conflicts of interest.
Senator Catherine Cortez Masto, a Democrat from Nevada, told Reuters in a statement that Clayton should disclose more details about his talks with Thiel.
“We must be sure that no commitments or deals were made between Mr. Thiel and Mr. Clayton, especially pertaining to Thiel’s company’s pending business before the SEC,” she said.
At his confirmation hearing last month, Clayton was grilled repeatedly about possible conflicts of interest.




ARTICLE
April 4, 2017
By David Shepardson
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – President Donald Trump plans to hold a town hall meeting with about 50 business leaders on Tuesday at the White House to talk about ways of improving the business climate, his administration said on Monday.
The meeting, which will include the chief executives of Citigroup Inc, Blackstone Group LP, JetBlue Airways Corp, Mastercard Inc and the New York Stock Exchange, will involve discussions on infrastructure, modernizing government, workforce development and creating a pro-business climate.
It comes as the administration is shifting its focus to tax reform and possibly a major investment in infrastructure after suffering a major setback when a Trump-backed healthcare reform package failed to win enough support to pass the House of Representatives.
The town hall is an “opportunity to discuss policies to create a pro-business climate with top Partnership CEOs from all industries,” White House spokeswoman Lindsay Walters said
Trump has held a series of meetings with chief executives and other business leaders since taking office in January as he has prodded companies to add U.S. jobs and asked how government could reduce regulations to boost economic growth.
The town hall is scheduled to last an hour and 45 minutes and include banking, private equity and hedge funds, insurance companies and others. Also taking part will be Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao, House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross and Ivanka Trump, the president’s daughter and a senior adviser.
Among the business leaders attending are senior executives from General Electric, Hearst, HSBC Bank USA, Interpublic Group, Vornado Realty Trust, Centerbridge Partners and Paulson & Co.
Trump, who was a real estate mogul before entering the White House, has pledged to use his business acumen to revitalize the American economy and create millions of jobs.
While the Republican president has begun the process of rolling back some labor and environmental regulations that he said were harming businesses, the administration has yet to secure a significant legislative victory to support his efforts to boost the economy.
Trump has also proposed sweeping cuts in government regulations and signed an executive order to roll back some energy rules.
Last week, the White House said Trump had named his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, already a White House senior adviser, to take on the additional task of overseeing an effort to overhaul the federal government.






ARTICLE
April 4, 2017
By David Morgan
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Top White House officials met moderate and conservative Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives on Monday in an effort to revive a plan to repeal and replace Obamacare.
Key members of the administration, including Vice President Mike Pence, invited a group of moderate Republicans known as the “Tuesday Group” to the White House. Pence then went to Capitol Hill to meet the Freedom Caucus, a group of House conservatives who last month derailed a healthcare bill backed by President Donald Trump.
The White House would like to see a revised bill come up for a vote as early as week’s end, before the House breaks for a spring recess, and the text of the new proposal could be ready some time on Tuesday, lawmakers said.
“It was clear the president would be very happy come Friday to have this passed,” said U.S. Representative Chris Collins, a member of the Tuesday Group and a Trump ally.
“This could move fairly quickly,” he said.
Just 10 days ago, House Speaker Paul Ryan was forced to cancel a vote on a bill to replace the 2010 Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare, when it was clear he could not deliver the votes needed for it to pass.
The defeat was a big political setback for Trump and fellow Republicans in Congress who were elected on pledges to repeal  and replace former Democratic President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law.
Freedom Caucus members said the Republican bill was too similar to Obamacare, while moderate Republicans balked at some of the changes conservatives sought.
Trump attacked Freedom Caucus members on Twitter late last week for their opposition to the bill and threatened to work to defeat them in the 2018 congressional elections.
At the weekend, he struck a more conciliatory tone, tweeting early on Sunday: “Talks on Repealing and Replacing Obamacare are, and have been, going on, and will continue until such time as a deal is hopefully struck.”
After golfing with the president on Sunday, Republican Senator Rand Paul, a sharp critic of the Republicans’ previous healthcare bill, also expressed renewed hope the healthcare bill could be revised in a way that picked up support from the conservative and moderate factions of the Republican Party.
Paul told reporters he was “very optimistic that we are getting closer and closer to an agreement repealing Obamacare.”

KEY PROVISIONS
Pence and White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus laid out the administration’s revised healthcare plan during a 40-minute meeting with Freedom Caucus members, said Congressman Mark Meadows, the leader of the conservative group.
Meadows said he was “intrigued” by the new plan, which would allow states to opt out of some of Obamacare’s mandates, possibly by obtaining waivers.
“We’re encouraged … but would certainly need a whole lot more information before we can take any action either in support or in opposition,” Meadows told reporters. He expected to see a detailed draft of the proposal within 24 hours, he said.
In the earlier meeting with the moderate Tuesday Group, White House officials said the new plan would preserve Obamacare’s essential health benefits clause, or services and care that insurers must cover, but states could apply for a waiver if they could show it would improve coverage and reduce costs, according to Collins.
Trump aides also discussed directing funds from the $115 billion stability fund for states into high-risk pools for people with pre-existing health conditions to better ensure insurance premiums come down in cost, Collins said.
“It’s an acknowledgement that they were chasing votes with the Freedom Caucus and the Far Right and then ended up losing votes with those of us who are typically the most reliable votes,” Collins said of the proposal provisions discussed at the meeting.




ARTICLE
April 3, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday signed a repeal of Obama-era broadband privacy rules, the White House said.
Republicans in Congress last week narrowly passed the repeal of the privacy rules with no Democratic support and over the strong objections of privacy advocates.
The signing, disclosed in White House statement late on Monday, follows strong criticism of the bill, which is a win for AT&T Inc, Comcast Corp and Verizon Communications Inc.




ARTICLE
April 3, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The Texas Republican spearheading tax reform efforts in the U.S. House of Representatives will meet with Democrats to discuss policy ideas, as Republicans try to secure a victory for President Donald Trump after his healthcare bill’s failure.
House Ways and Means Committee Chair Kevin Brady said the meeting with his panel’s 16 Democratic members will focus on ways to simplify the U.S. tax code for individuals and stop U.S. companies from moving production and research facilities overseas – both key House Republican tax reform objectives.
“At the end of the day, I don’t want to make a prediction as to where that goes. But I think this engagement’s important,” Brady told reporters on Monday. “I’d love to have them bring their ideas on how we leapfrog America back into the lead as the most competitive place on earth for that new business.”
The meeting is expected to take place on Wednesday, according to House aides.
A spokesman for Ways and Means Democrats had no immediate comment.
Brady said the meeting has nothing to do with the healthcare debacle on March 24, when the Republican-controlled House pulled legislation to repeal and replace the healthcare law known as Obamacare when it became clear that Republicans would fall short of the votes needed. Trump blamed the failure on hardline Republican conservatives who opposed the bill and threatened to reach out to Democrats.
But the Trump administration has signaled an interest in finding bipartisan support for tax reform legislation, billed as the first comprehensive overhaul of the U.S. tax code since 1986.
The White House has also shown signs of moving away from the House tax reform blueprint backed by Brady and House Speaker Paul Ryan, informing Republican lawmakers on March 16 that all options were on the table.
The House blueprint, which Democrats oppose, calls for sweeping changes and tax cuts that would mainly benefit the wealthy. But it has divided the business community and Republicans over a border adjustment tax provision that would impose a 20 percent tax on imports while exempting export revenues from tax.
White House officials told lawmakers last month that they were seriously considering other options, including deficit-funded tax cuts and a European-style value-added tax for businesses.
Brady expects to unveil tax reform legislation this spring, with a full House vote as early as the summer.




ARTICLE
April 3, 2017

SUPREME COURT NOMINEE
Democrats amass enough support to block a Senate confirmation vote on Trump’s Supreme Court nominee, Neil Gorsuch, but Republicans vow to change Senate rules to ensure the conservative judge gets the lifetime job.

EGYPT’S SISI AT WHITE HOUSE
Trump moves to reset U.S. relations with Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi after the prior Obama administration’s strained ties, giving him firm backing and vowing to work together to fight Islamist militants.

KUSHNER IN IRAQ
Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, flies into Iraq with the top U.S. military officer to get a first-hand assessment of the battle against Islamic State from U.S. commanders on the ground and to meet Iraqi officials.

ENERGY EFFICIENCY STANDARDS
A coalition of U.S. states mounts a broad legal challenge to what it calls the Trump administration’s illegal suspension of energy efficiency rules for ceiling fans, portable air conditioners and other products.

TRAVEL BAN AND VISAS
The Department of Homeland Security announces steps to prevent fraudulent use of H1B visas, used by employers to bring in specialized foreign workers temporarily, which appeared to fall short of Trump’s campaign promises to overhaul the program.
A U.S. appeals court will hold a hearing in May over a Hawaii federal judge’s order that blocked Trump’s revised travel restrictions on people from several Muslim-majority countries.

BUSINESS CLIMATE
Trump plans to hold a town hall meeting with about 50 business leaders at the White House on Tuesday to talk about improving the business climate.

FCC, CHARTER ‘OVERBUILD’
The U.S. Federal Communications Commission is reversing a requirement that Charter Communications Inc extend broadband service to 1 million households already served by a competitor,  marking the latest reversal of Obama-era requirements by the new Republican-led FCC under Trump.

PRESIDENTIAL SALARY
Trump, the wealthiest president in U.S. history, is donating his first-quarter salary of $78,333 to the National Park Service, the White House says.




ARTICLE
April 3, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – President Donald Trump, who made a fortune in real estate before running for political office, has decided to donate his first-quarter salary of $78,333 to the National Park Service, the White House announced on Monday.
During the presidential campaign, Trump said he would donate his $400,000 annual salary if he were elected.
“That’s no big deal for me,” he told a town-hall style meeting in September 2015.
Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke, whose agency oversees the 100-year-old protector of 417 national parks, monuments and other sites, said he was “thrilled” at Trump’s decision.
“We are going to dedicate and put it against the infrastructure on our nation’s battlefields,” Zinke said, appearing alongside White House spokesman Sean Spicer at a daily briefing. “We are about $229 million behind in deferred maintenance on our battlefields alone,” Zinke said.




ARTICLE
April 3, 2017

SUPREME COURT NOMINEE
Democrats amass enough support to block a U.S. Senate confirmation vote on Trump’s Supreme Court nominee, Neil Gorsuch, but Republicans vow to change Senate rules to ensure the conservative judge gets the lifetime job.

EGYPT’S SISI AT WHITE HOUSE
Trump moves to reset U.S. relations with Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi after the prior Obama administration’s strained ties, giving him firm backing and vowing to work together to fight Islamic militants.

KUSHNER IN IRAQ
Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, flies into Iraq with the top U.S. military officer to get a first-hand assessment of the battle against Islamic State from U.S. commanders on the ground and to meet Iraqi officials.

ENERGY EFFICIENCY STANDARDS
A coalition of U.S. states mounts a broad legal challenge to what it calls the Trump administration’s illegal suspension of energy efficiency rules for ceiling fans, portable air conditioners and other products.

FCC, CHARTER ‘OVERBUILD’
The U.S. Federal Communications Commission is reversing a requirement that Charter Communications Inc extend broadband service to 1 million households already served by a competitor,  marking the latest reversal of Obama-era requirements by the new Republican-led FCC under Trump.





ARTICLE
April 3, 2017

SUPREME COURT NOMINEE
Democrats amass enough support to block a U.S. Senate confirmation vote on Trump’s Supreme Court nominee, Neil Gorsuch, but Republicans vow to change Senate rules to ensure the conservative judge gets the lifetime job.

EGYPT’S SISI AT WHITE HOUSE
Trump moves to reset U.S. relations with Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi after the prior Obama administration’s strained ties, giving him firm backing and vowing to work together to fight Islamic militants.

KUSHNER IN IRAQ
Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, flies into Iraq with the top U.S. military officer to get a first-hand assessment of the battle against Islamic State from U.S. commanders on the ground and to meet Iraqi officials.

ENERGY EFFICIENCY STANDARDS
A coalition of U.S. states mounts a broad legal challenge to what it calls the Trump administration’s illegal suspension of energy efficiency rules for ceiling fans, portable air conditioners and other products.

FCC, CHARTER ‘OVERBUILD’
The U.S. Federal Communications Commission is reversing a requirement that Charter Communications Inc extend broadband service to 1 million households already served by a competitor,  marking the latest reversal of Obama-era requirements by the new Republican-led FCC under Trump.





ARTICLE
April 3, 2017
Washington, D.C. – Trey Yingst, OAN Chief White House Correspondent
President Trump hosted Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi at the White House on Monday for bilateral meetings.
The visit from el-Sisi was the first for an Egyptian leader since the Arab Spring, marking a new era of US/Egypt relations.
Early reports indicate that the two leaders spoke broadly about the fight against the Islamic State and about military aid to Egypt.
Egypt is the second largest beneficiary of US military aid with more than 1 billion dollars received each year. President Trump has pledged to continue this support and develop a closer relationship with the North African country.
“We made great progress with Egypt today,” President Trump said.
On Wednesday President Trump will continue his push for Middle East foreign policy when he welcomes King Abdullah of Jordan to Washington.



ARTICLE
April 3, 2017
A substitute story is available http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-iraq-kushner-idUSKBN17515U



ARTICLE
April 3, 2017
New York, NY – Claire Hardwick, OAN Political Correspondent
While the Senate voted to overturn an Obama administration mandate that required states to allocate Title X funds to planned parenthood and other abortion providers, Alexandra DeSanctis said the most important part of this vote is that it takes power away from the federal government and gives it back to the states.
Alexandra DeSanctis is a political writer for The National Review.
She said that federal government overreach increased under President Obama, as he used the Title X mandate to further his political agenda.
“It was the federal government saying to the states, look, you don’t know what’s best for people in your state. And many of these states wanted to move the money to other health care providers that they felt could better meet the needs of women and other people in their states,” DeSanctis said.
DeSanctis said that President Trump is a fan of deregulation.
And she hopes he will continue to deregulate many areas that became over-regulated under President Obama.



ARTICLE
April 3, 2017
By Luc Cohen
ASUNCION (Reuters) – The United States, historically a major backer of multilateral lending institutions, will not renew its contribution to a Inter-American Development Bank fund that supports pilot development projects, the head of the Washington-based organization said on Sunday.
In a news conference at the IDB’s annual board of governors meeting in Paraguay’s capital, Asuncion, President Luis Alberto Moreno linked the U.S. decision to a policy shift since Republican President Donald Trump took office in January.
“On this occasion, the United States, for various domestic reasons, did not want to participate,” Moreno said. He added that the U.S. delegation had indicated at an October 2016 meeting that it was willing to contribute, “but that it all depended on the result of the election.”
“Once President Trump’s government began, they informed us -at the beginning of February – that the United States would not be making any contribution.”
The IDB provides loans to governments and businesses to finance projects ranging from large-scale infrastructure to small businesses. Founded in 1959, it says it is the leading source of development financing for Latin America, lending $11.3 billion and $13.8 billion in 2015 and 2014, respectively.
The Multilateral Investment Fund, or MIF, created in 1993, was instrumental in the development of microfinance and provides technical assistance to small projects aimed at providing economic opportunity to the poor.
It was a brainchild of former U.S. President George H.W. Bush, and the United States has historically been its largest donor, the IDB said in a statement.
IDB member countries pledge to renew the fund’s coffers every several years. At the October meeting, the IDB governors agreed to provide an additional $300 million to keep the fund running from 2019 to 2023.
This marked the first time since the MIF’s founding that the United States did not contribute to its fund replenishment, an IDB spokesman confirmed. It comes as Trump has proposed slashing the U.S. foreign aid and diplomacy budget by 28 percent.
In the U.S. absence, Latin American and Caribbean countries contributed 55 percent of the total $317 million added to the MIF this year, while Japan pledged $85 million, the IDB said. During the last replenishment in 2007, contributions from Latin America and the Caribbean totaled 8 percent of the $501 million added to the fund. The United States contributed $150 million.
A representative of the U.S. delegation said delegates were under instruction not to comment.
U.S. talking points for “MIF Replenishment Discussions” seen by Reuters and dated on Sunday, said the world’s largest economy applauded the increased contributions by Latin American countries.
“While the United States will not be pledging additional funding, we remain committed to the MIF and will continue to play an active role on the Donors Committee,” the talking points read.




ARTICLE
April 3, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Democratic U.S. Senator Jon Tester said on Sunday that he would vote against Judge Neil Gorsuch, President Donald Trump’s nominee to fill a vacancy on the U.S. Supreme Court.
The Montana lawmaker said in a statement that Gorsuch was “a smart man,” but added: “That doesn’t make him right for a lifetime appointment to the U.S. Supreme Court.”




ARTICLE
April 2, 2017
By Matt Spetalnick
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – President Donald Trump’s top national security aides have completed a broad review of U.S. options aimed at countering North Korea’s nuclear and missile programs, a senior U.S. official said on Sunday.
The review, which was accelerated to have it done before Trump’s summit with Chinese President Xi Jinping this week, includes a range of economic and military measures but leans towards new sanctions and increased pressure on Beijing to rein in its neighbor, the official said.
The list of recommendations was put together by Trump’s National Security Council on his orders and was ready for his consideration, the officials said, speaking on condition of anonymity.
It was not immediately clear if the review had reached the Republican president’s desk or how quickly he would decide on a course of action, which could be delayed by the slow pace at which the administration is filling key national security jobs.
The White House declined comment.
Trump told the Financial Times in an interview published on Sunday that the United States was prepared to respond to North Korean nuclear threats on its own if China fails to pressure Pyongyang.
Trump made clear he would he would urge China to use its influence with North Korea when he meets Xi at his Florida resort on Thursday and Friday for their first face-to-face meeting.
The review, which was led by national security adviser H.R. McMaster, proposes a multi-pronged approach aimed at tightening the screws on North Korea economically and militarily, the official said. It will be up to Trump to decide how and when to proceed, and he could also send the review back for further work, the official said.
While most details remained under wraps, senior U.S. officials told Reuters recently that options under consideration included tougher sanctions aimed at cutting North Korea off from the global financial system, which could entail “secondary sanctions” against Chinese banks and firms that do the most business with Pyongyang.
The U.S. official said Trump may warn Xi of such moves, including efforts to beef up South Korean and Japanese anti-missile defenses – something Beijing strongly opposes.
The Chinese have urged Washington to de-escalate tensions with Pyongyang and to find a way to restart negotiations, but U.S. officials say it would  be premature to resume talks now because it would be seen as a reward to North Korea for bad behavior.
The chief U.S. concern is North Korea’s efforts to develop an intercontinental nuclear missile that could carry a nuclear warhead and be capable of hitting the United States.
Although the long-standing option of pre-emptive military strikes against North Korea is not off the table, the review  gives priority to less-risky steps and “de-emphasizes direct military action,” the official said.
Other steps that have been under consideration are escalating cyber attacks and other covert action aimed at undermining North Korea’s leadership, another U.S. source said recently.





ARTICLE
April 2, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Democratic U.S. Senator Joe Donnelly threw his support on Sunday behind Judge Neil Gorsuch, becoming only the third Democrat to back President Donald Trump’s nominee to fill a vacancy on the Supreme Court.
“After meeting with Judge Gorsuch, conducting a thorough review of his record, and closely following his hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee, I believe that he is a qualified jurist who will base his decisions on his understanding of the law and is well-respected among his peers,” Donnelly said in a statement.
He also said he supported keeping the current 60-vote threshold for high court nominees.




ARTICLE
April 2, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Roadside apartments, industrial lots and a trailer park in New Jersey counted among the sources of wealth for Jared Kushner, President Donald Trump’s son-in-law, before he took up his new role as a senior White House adviser.
A lengthy financial disclosure form released on Friday by the White House, along with scores of others for senior White House staffers, showed the downscale New Jersey roots of the family business run until recently by Ivanka Trump’s husband.
For instance, in the 12 months before he began his White House employment, Kushner made more than $2,500 in rental income from tenants of Union, New Jersey’s Park Lane Mobile Home Park.
A small, industrial lot nearby brought in no more than $5,000. In the town of Wayne, New Jersey, Kushner disclosed ownership of a block of street-level apartments that returned more than $15,000, according to the paperwork.
Kushner’s stakes in such holdings were among the smallest he reported. White House ethics officials said the legally required disclosure document gave a snapshot of the assets and positions Kushner held when he entered his new job as adviser to his father-in-law, and before he would have started selling assets that could pose conflicts of interest.
Kushner’s 54-page report also included most of the assets and income of his wife. It covered scores of assets worth six- and seven-figures. The New York Times reported the couple’s real estate and investment empire was worth as much as $741 million.
As reported, Kushner’s property portfolio did not rival the collection of glitzy hotels, casinos and golf courses owned, controlled or licensed by the president.
But Kushner reported an interest in the Puck Building, a landmark in New York City. It was one of his most valuable holdings and delivered millions of dollars in income.
Kushner’s grandfather anchored the family real estate business in northern New Jersey.
His father, Charles, built that empire until 2004 when he pleaded guilty to 18 counts of tax evasion, witness tampering and making unlawful campaign donations and was sentenced to two years in prison.




ARTICLE
April 2, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The top Democrat on the U.S. House Intelligence Committee, Adam Schiff, said intelligence reports he viewed at the White House on Friday were the same documents seen by panel Chairman Devin Nunes last week.
Nunes, a Republican, sparked a controversy last week when he said he had seen documents at the White House that indicated President Donald Trump and associates may have been caught in incidental intelligence collection before the inauguration.
Nunes shared what he had learned with Trump and held a news conference but did not give the information to the rest of the committee, angering Democrats and some Republicans.





ARTICLE
April 1, 2017
By Lawrence Hurley
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Senate Democrats on Friday stepped closer to having enough votes to block a confirmation vote on President Donald Trump’s Supreme Court nominee with three more Democratic senators coming out against Neil Gorsuch for the lifetime job as a justice.
Democrats are attempting use a procedural hurdle called a filibuster that requires 60 votes to allow a confirmation vote in the 100-seat U.S. Senate. Senate Republicans are hoping to vote on April 7 to confirm the conservative appeals court judge nominated by the Republican president in January.
Democratic Senators Claire McCaskill of Missouri, Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut and Brian Schatz of Hawaii came out against Gorsuch on Friday and backed a filibuster.
Republicans control the Senate 52-48. But if Democrats can muster 41 votes, they would be able to sustain the filibuster. As of Friday afternoon, 36 Democrats had indicated their support for such a move. Two Democrats have said they support Gorsuch. Another two have voiced opposition to Gorsuch but have not made clear whether they would support a filibuster to block a confirmation vote.
Seven Democrats and one independent, Angus King of Maine, who usually votes with them, have not yet announced their position.
If Democrats amass enough support to block a confirmation vote, it would force Republican Senate leaders to try to change the chamber’s long-standing rules and allow confirmation by a simple majority, a move backed by Trump that is sometimes called the “nuclear option.”
If confirmed by the Senate to fill a vacancy created by the February 2016 death of conservative Justice Antonin Scalia, Gorsuch would reinstate the nine-seat high court’s conservative majority at a time when Republicans control Congress and the White House.
McCaskill said in a statement she could not support Gorsuch because a study of his legal opinions revealed “a rigid ideology that always puts the little guy under the boot of corporations.”
McCaskill is up for re-election next year in a state Trump won in the 2016 presidential election.
Blumenthal, a member of the Judiciary Committee that held a four-day confirmation hearing last week and will vote on sending the nomination to the Senate floor on Monday, said in a statement Gorsuch has not been forthcoming with senators about his views on key issues, leaving his core beliefs little known.
“Instead he has evaded real answers at every turn,” Blumenthal said. “We must assume that Judge Gorsuch has passed the Trump litmus test – a pro-life, pro-gun, conservative judge.”
Blumenthal said Gorsuch’s refusal to “distance himself from right-wing groups” raised questions about whether he may be “an acolyte of hard-right special interests.”
Schatz said Gorsuch’s record as a judge was troubling and he had not shown he would challenge executive overreach.
“His refusal to answer questions on long-decided cases or condemn attacks on the judiciary during the hearing demonstrates that he is outside of the legal mainstream,” Schatz said.
Their statements came one day after Gorsuch won his first Democratic support, giving Republicans who control the chamber two of the eight Democratic votes they need to break a filibuster.
Senators Joe Manchin of West Virginia and Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota, Democrats who face re-election in states that voted for Trump last year, said they would vote for Gorsuch.
Trump made the appointment of conservative jurists to the Supreme Court a key promise during the 2016 presidential election. Republicans have defended Gorsuch as well qualified to be a Supreme Court justice and praised his performance during the confirmation hearings.
If the filibuster is beaten, the confirmation vote itself would require a simple majority.
Some Democrats have accused Republicans of “stealing” a Supreme Court seat last year when the Senate refused to consider Democratic former President Barack Obama’s nominee to replace Scalia, appellate judge Merrick Garland.





ARTICLE
April 1, 2017
By Mark Hosenball
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday backed a decision by his former national security adviser to seek immunity in congressional investigations of possible ties between his election campaign and Russia, but there was no immediate sign a request would be granted.
Retired General Michael Flynn, who resigned only 24 days after becoming national security adviser, wants protection against “unfair prosecution” if he testifies before the intelligence committees of the U.S. Senate and the House of Representatives, his lawyer, Robert Kelner, said on Thursday.
Testimony from Flynn could help shed light on the conversations he had last year with Sergei Kislyak, Russian ambassador to the United States, while national security adviser for Trump’s presidential campaign.
U.S. Representative Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House of Representatives intelligence committee, said it was too soon to consider immunity requests.
“As with any investigation – and particularly one that grows in severity and magnitude by the day – there is still much work and many more witnesses and documents to obtain before any immunity request from any witness can be considered,” he said in a statement.
Schiff said the House intelligence panel would discuss any request with the Justice Department and the Senate Intelligence Committee, describing such a request “a grave and momentous step.”
Schiff on Friday was allowed to see documents at the White House that previously had been seen only by the Republican chairman of the intelligence committee.
Trump, a Republican, said in a tweet that Democrats were instigating the congressional investigations because they were upset about his Nov. 8 victory over their party’s candidate, Hillary Clinton.
“Mike Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt (excuse for big election loss), by media & Dems, of historic proportion!” Trump said.
Trump would not comment further when asked about Flynn during a White House meeting with U.S. manufacturers.
White House spokesman Sean Spicer was asked at a news briefing if he was concerned that Flynn could provide information that could be harmful to the administration and replied, “Nope.”
He said Trump wanted Flynn to testify to “get this matter behind us” but declined to say specifically that he should be granted immunity.
“The president is very clear that he wants Mike Flynn to go and be completely open and transparent with the committee, and whatever it takes to do that he is supportive of,” Spicer said.

DOCUMENT REVIEW
Schiff and an aide went to the White House on Friday at the administration’s invitation to review documents that it said  support Trump’s contention he and his team were subjected to surveillance by the Obama administration during the presidential campaign.
The Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, Devin Nunes, has been criticized by his colleagues on the panel  for his handling of the investigation of possible Russian connections, including going to the White House complex independently to review documents on the purported surveillance.
“While I cannot discuss the content of the documents,” Schiff said, “if the White House had any concern over these materials, they should have been shared with the full (House and Senate intelligence) committees in the first place as a part of our ordinary oversight responsibilities.”
He said the material should now be given to both congressional intelligence committees.
FBI Director James Comey has said there is no evidence of wiretapping at Trump Tower in New York but that the agency is investigating whether the Trump campaign colluded with Russia.
Senator Angus King, a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, also said it was too soon to discuss immunity.
A government official with direct knowledge of the case told Reuters that lawyers for Flynn raised the immunity request roughly 10 days ago with representatives of the Senate panel.
Officials told them the committee was not interested in any immunity discussions at that time.
The Wall Street Journal reported on Friday that Flynn had also sought immunity from the Federal Bureau of Investigation in exchange for testimony.
Flynn was forced to resign on Feb. 13 for failing to disclose talks with Kislyak about U.S. sanctions on Moscow and misleading Vice President Mike Pence about the conversations, which occurred before Trump took office.
Congressional committees and the FBI are looking into allegations by U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia meddled in the 2016 U.S. election campaign.
The Russian government has denied the allegations and denied that it hacked emails of Democratic groups and released information to tip the election toward Trump, who has called for better U.S. relations with Moscow.
King, an independent who caucuses with the Democrats, defended the investigations in a CNN interview.
“This is not a witch hunt,” he said. “This is an effort to get to the truth of some very important questions.
“There is no doubt whatsoever that the Russians were behind an effort to interfere in our elections,” he said. “To continue to deny that – it just flies in the face of all of the reality.”




ARTICLE
April 1, 2017

RUSSIA AND THE U.S. ELECTION
Trump backs a decision by his former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, to seek immunity in congressional investigations of possible ties between his campaign and Russia, but there is no immediate sign the request will be granted.

CHINA
The Trump administration slams China on a range of trade issues from its chronic industrial overcapacity to forced technology transfers and longstanding bans on U.S. beef and electronic payment services. Beijing seeks to play down tensions with the United States and put on a positive face ahead of President Xi Jinping’s first meeting with Trump next week.

SUPREME COURT NOMINEE
Senate Democrats step closer to having enough votes to block a confirmation vote on Trump’s Supreme Court nominee with three more Democratic senators coming out against Neil Gorsuch for the lifetime job as a justice.

TRADE
Trump seeks to push his plan for fair trade and more manufacturing jobs back to the top of his agenda by ordering a study into the causes of U.S. trade deficits and a clampdown on import duty evasion.

TAXES
Trump has neither a clear White House tax plan nor adequate staff yet to see through a planned tax overhaul, according to interviews with people in the administration, in Congress and among U.S. tax experts.

CONSUMER FINANCIAL WATCHDOG
Democrats are trying to counter Trump’s boldest move yet to defang the U.S. consumer financial watchdog, with 40 current and former lawmakers defending the agency in court.

EPA
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s scientific integrity watchdog is reviewing whether EPA chief Scott Pruitt violated the agency’s policies when he said in a television interview he does not believe carbon dioxide is driving global climate change, according to an email seen by Reuters.

EGYPT
Trump will seek to rebuild the U.S. relationship with Egypt at a meeting on Monday with Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi focused on security issues and military aid, a senior White House official says.

JORDAN
Trump will host Jordan’s King Abdullah at the White House next week to discuss the fight against Islamic State militants, the Syria crisis and advancing peace between Israelis and Palestinians, the White House says.

TRUMP UNIVERSITY
A U.S. judge approves a $25 million settlement to resolve a class action lawsuit that claimed fraud against Trump and his Trump University real estate seminars.




ARTICLE
April 1, 2017
By Emily Flitter
NEW YORK (Reuters) – The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s scientific integrity watchdog is reviewing whether EPA chief Scott Pruitt violated the agency’s policies when he said in a television interview he does not believe carbon dioxide is driving global climate change, according to an email seen by Reuters on Friday.
Lawyers for environmental group the Sierra Club had asked the EPA’s Office of Inspector General to check whether Pruitt violated policy when he told a CNBC interviewer on March 9, “I would not agree that it’s a primary contributor to the global warming that we see.”
The EPA Inspector General’s office responded to the Sierra Club on Thursday in an email, saying it had referred the matter to the EPA’s Scientific Integrity Officer, Francesca Grifo, for review.
“If after the SIO review, she concludes there is some aspect of the letter itself, or her findings or conclusions that she believes are appropriate for further consideration by the OIG, she will so notify the OIG,” the email stated.
A spokeswoman for the EPA defended Pruitt’s comments.
“Administrator Pruitt makes no apologies for having a candid dialogue about climate science and commonsense regulations that will protect our environment, without creating unnecessary regulatory burdens that kill jobs,” said Liz Bowman in an emailed statement.
“Differing views and opinions on scientific and technical matters is a legitimate and necessary part of EPA’s decision-making process, which is consistent with EPA’s scientific integrity policy that was in place even during the Obama administration,” she added.
The EPA website says its scientific integrity policy requires EPA officials and staff to ensure the agency’s work respects the findings of the broader scientific community.
An overwhelming majority of scientists think that carbon dioxide emissions from the burning of fossil fuels are a major contributor to global climate change, triggering sea level rise, droughts and more frequent violent storms.
The request by Sierra Club ramps up tension between the U.S. environmental movement and the administration of President Donald Trump, who has called global warming a hoax meant to weaken the U.S. economy and has packed his cabinet with people who question the science of climate change.
Grifo is a biologist who was hired by former President Barack Obama’s administration. Before she joined the EPA in late 2013, she oversaw scientific integrity at the Union of Concerned Scientists, a non-partisan group advocating stronger environmental protections.
Pruitt, a former attorney general for Oklahoma, sued the EPA more than a dozen times over its regulations as top prosecutor for the oil and gas producing state.




ARTICLE
April 1, 2017
By Nathan Layne
NEW YORK (Reuters) – Former New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani went to Turkey to meet with the country’s president and sought meetings with U.S. government officials in an attempt to end U.S. prosecution of a wealthy Turkish gold trader charged with conspiring to violate U.S. sanctions on Iran, Manhattan federal prosecutors said.
The moves were disclosed in a letter on Friday to U.S. District Judge Richard Berman, who is overseeing the case in which the trader, Reza Zarrab, is accused of conspiring with others to conduct illegal transactions through U.S. banks on behalf of Iran’s government and other Iranian entities.
The new disclosures highlight the politically charged nature of a case that expanded in scope earlier this week with the arrest in New York of an executive at a Turkish state-owned bank charged with conspiring with Zarrab to evade sanctions.
Zarrab, a dual national of Iran and Turkey, had been arrested in 2013 in a corruption probe of people with close ties to Recep Tayyip Erdogan, who was prime minister of Turkey at the time. Erdogan is currently president.
In the letter prosecutors said Giuliani and former U.S. Attorney General Michael Mukasey – both recently added to Zarrab’s legal team – traveled to Turkey shortly after February 24 to meet with Erdogan to discuss ways to end the prosecution. Giuliani informed the office of Attorney General Jeff Sessions about the planned trip, according to the letter.
Acting U.S. Attorney Joon Kim in Manhattan said that Mukasey and Giuliani, who is a close ally of President Donald Trump, had also sought to meet with other officials in the U.S. government on the issue. “Mr. Giuliani and Mr. Mukasey’s efforts are aimed at reaching a disposition in the case,” Kim wrote in the letter.
Kim has sought to question whether Giuliani and Mukasey should be allowed to represent Zarrab given the potential conflicts of interest. Zarrab allegedly victimized at least eight large banks which are current or former clients of Giuliani and Mukasey’s law firms.
Kim had called earlier this week for a special hearing to make sure Zarrab understands the potential conflict.
Benjamin Brafman, an attorney for Zarrab, responded in a letter to the court on Friday, saying he would consent to a limited hearing but stressed that he believed the prosecution had no right to question the actions of Giuliani and Mukasey.
“That information quite frankly is none of the Government’s business,” Brafman wrote.




ARTICLE
March 31, 2017
The moves were disclosed in a letter on Friday to U.S. District Judge Richard Berman, who is overseeing the case in which the trader, Reza Zarrab, is accused of conspiring with others to conduct illegal transactions through U.S. banks on behalf of Iran’s government and other Iranian entities.
The letter marks the latest attempt by Manhattan federal prosecutors to raise questions about the role of Giuliani and former U.S. Attorney General Michael Mukasey in representing Zarrab. Zarrab allegedly victimized at least eight large banks which are current or former clients of Giuliani and Mukasey’s law firms, raising potential conflicts of interest.
Giuliani and Mukasey “are trying to play a critical – rather than their claimed ‘ancillary’ – role in this proceeding,” acting U.S. Attorney Joon Kim in Manhattan said in the letter. “Mr. Guiliani and Mr. Mukasey’s efforts are aimed at reaching a disposition in this case.”
Giuliani is a lawyer for Greenberg Traurig, while Mukasey, who is also a former federal judge, is a lawyer for Debevoise & Plimpton.
The eight banks are Bank of America Corp, Citigroup Inc, Deutsche Bank AG, HSBC Holdings Plc, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Standard Chartered Plc, UBS Group AG and Wells Fargo & Co.




ARTICLE
March 31, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The top Democrat on the U.S. House Intelligence Committee, Adam Schiff, said intelligence reports he viewed at the White House on Friday were the same documents seen by panel Chairman Devin Nunes last week.
Nunes, a Republican, sparked a controversy last week when he said he had seen documents at the White House that indicated President Donald Trump and associates may have been caught in incidental intelligence collection before the inauguration.
Nunes shared what he had learned with Trump and held a news conference but did not give the information to the rest of the committee, angering Democrats and some Republicans.





ARTICLE
March 31, 2017
By David Lawder
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump sought to push his crusade for fair trade and more manufacturing jobs back to the top of his agenda on Friday by ordering a study into the causes of U.S. trade deficits and a clampdown on import duty evasion.
The executive orders came a week after Trump’s promise to replace Obamacare imploded in Congress and a week before he meets with Chinese President Xi Jinping in Florida, a summit that promises to be fraught with trade tensions.
Trump said at a White House signing ceremony that he and Xi were “going to get down to some serious business” next week and vowed that “the theft of American prosperity” by foreign countries would end.
One of the orders directed the Commerce Department and the U.S. trade representative to conduct a 90-day review of the causes of massive U.S. trade deficits. It will study the effects of abuses such as the dumping of products below costs, unfair subsidies, “misaligned” currencies and “non-reciprocal” trade practices by other countries.
“We’re going to investigate all trade abuses, and, based on those findings, we will take necessary and lawful action to end those many abuses,” Trump said, adding that he wasn’t beholden to any businesses.
Trump administration officials have said they plan tougher enforcement of U.S. trade remedy laws and will initiate more unilateral trade deals. In his 2016 White House bid, the New York businessman campaigned heavily against free-trade deals and accused China of draining jobs from U.S. factory towns with cheap exports.
Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Zheng Zeguang on Friday said the U.S.-China trade imbalance was mostly the result of differences in the two countries’ economic structures and noted that China had a trade deficit in services.
“China does not deliberately seek a trade surplus. We also have no intention of carrying out competitive currency devaluation to stimulate exports.” Zheng told a briefing about the Xi-Trump meeting.
The study of trade abuses appeared aimed at justifying unilateral retaliatory trade actions by the United States, said Matt Gold, a former deputy assistant U.S. trade representative who is now an adjunct trade law professor at Fordham University in New York.
“They probably think it will give them better political ammunition,” Gold said.
But he added that it would not likely reveal anything that is not already in the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative’s annual list of trade barriers, which also was released on Friday. The report criticized China’s excess industrial capacity and requirements for technology transfers and cyber security, which it said are aimed displacing foreign products with domestic versions.
The trade abuses study will focus on those countries that have chronic goods trade surpluses with the United States.
China tops the list, with a $347 billion surplus last year, followed by Japan, with a $69 billion surplus, Germany at $65 billion, Mexico at $63 billion, Ireland at $36 billion and Vietnam at $32 billion.
The study also will examine past trade deals that have failed to produce forecast benefits for the United States, as well as World Trade Organization rules that U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said do not treat countries equally, such as on taxation.
The United States has long complained that WTO rules allow exports from other countries to be exempt from value-added taxes (VAT), but do not allow equivalent corporate income tax benefits for U.S. exporters.
The Trump administration is considering a border tax that would be levied on imports and which would aim to put the United States on a similar tax basis for trade as countries that have VAT.
The second trade order will fight nonpayment and under-collection of anti-dumping and anti-subsidy duties the United States slaps on many foreign goods.
White House National Trade Council Director Peter Navarro said some $2.8 billion in such duties went uncollected between 2001 and the end of 2016 from companies in some 40 countries.
Navarro said the order directs the Commerce and Homeland Security departments to close these gaps by imposing tougher bonding requirements to ensure duty collections and new legal requirements for assessing risks associated with importers.




ARTICLE
March 31, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday directed his administration to review U.S. trade deficits and clamp down on countries that abuse trade rules in two executive orders he said would start a new chapter for U.S. workers and businesses.
“Today I’m signing two executive orders that send this message loud and clear, and that set the stage for a great revival of American manufacturing,” Trump said in the Oval Office.
“We’re going to get these bad trade deals straightened out,” Trump said.




ARTICLE
March 31, 2017
By David Lawder, Steve Holland and David Morgan
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – President Donald Trump has neither a clear White House tax plan nor adequate staff yet to see through a planned tax reform, according to interviews with people in the administration, in Congress and among U.S. tax experts.
In an echo of its attempt to roll back Obamacare that ended in an embarrassing collapse in Congress, the Trump administration has vowed quick action on taxes. But it has yet to appoint people with the skills to evaluate complex tax laws, draft legislation and sell it to deeply divided lawmakers.
Burned by last week’s failed healthcare measure largely authored by House of Representatives Republicans, Trump is determined not to count on Congress so much this time for handling the details on taxes, his second major legislative initiative.
But that only underscores his need for a strong White House tax team, which the administration still lacks. Many policy options are still being studied, from deficit-funded tax cuts to a European-style value-added tax.
“They’re still sorting out who’s in charge, who’s going to take the lead,” said William Hoagland, a longtime Senate Republican aide who worked on the last successful comprehensive tax reform effort in 1986.
“You need someone who has the ear and support of the president who can sell a tax plan, and you need the technical support for that person,” said Hoagland, now senior vice president at the Bipartisan Policy Center, a think tank.
Financial markets have been reassessing expectations of fast action on taxes that have helped fuel a Trump stocks rally.
Members of Trump’s tax team are known, but not their exact duties. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn are senior team leaders. Others include White House advisers Steve Bannon, Jared Kushner, Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross.
Trump huddled with Mnuchin on Thursday to discuss taxes.
“We are at the first stages of this process, beginning to engage with members of Congress, policy groups, business leaders, industry, constituents from around the country, and other stakeholders,” White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters on Thursday, Trump’s 69th day in office.
When Trump was elected in November, Republican lawmakers enthusiastically joined his call to rewrite the tax code and dismantle Obamacare in the first 100 days of his presidency.
In early February, Trump promised a “phenomenal” tax plan by early March that never appeared. Mnuchin spoke on Feb. 23 of enacting tax reform by August. Spicer acknowledged this week that the timetable could be slipping.
Another senior White House official said the administration had assumed it would still be working on healthcare at this point, not tax reform yet. The official, not authorized to speak publicly, spoke to Reuters on condition of anonymity.
So far, Trump’s tax campaign is a far cry from President Ronald Reagan’s 1986 effort, in which Don Regan, as Treasury secretary and then White House chief of staff, spent many months developing legislation that won bipartisan support in Congress.
“The process under Reagan was much more developed, elaborate and long, and there was a strong bench of top-rate technicians putting things together,” said Steven Rosenthal, senior fellow at the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center, a think tank.
Under Trump, he said, “None of that is happening.”

‘A LOT SIMPLER’
During the 2016 election campaign, Trump issued a tax plan that partly resembled one developed by House Speaker Paul Ryan, but Trump does not now appear wedded to either. It is a safe bet he will not lean heavily on the plan from Ryan, who drafted and championed the ill-fated plan to gut Obamacare.
“Trump now desperately needs a policy victory … I would expect the president to play a much more activist role,” said Stephen Moore, a fellow at the Heritage Foundation, a think tank. Moore helped write the Trump campaign tax plan.
Mnuchin last week talked about a middle-class tax cut. He also said tax reform in many ways would be “a lot simpler” than healthcare, dismaying tax experts who said that is not so.
Comprehensive tax reform is so complex that it has defied Congresses and presidents since Reagan. Tax law is riddled with loopholes embedded in the economy and defended by beneficiaries.
Some fundamental questions remain unanswered within the Trump team. For instance, it is unclear if Trump would support a plan that adds to the budget deficit. Past tax reform efforts have tried to be “revenue neutral.”
Trump also has sent mixed messages on Ryan’s proposed “border adjustment tax” that would end the corporate deduction for import costs and make export income tax-free, aiming to boost exports and raise new tax revenues.
The Trump team is heavy on Wall Street experience, but short on tax expertise. At Treasury, Mnuchin is the only Senate-confirmed political appointee in place. The job of Treasury assistant secretary for tax policy is unfilled.
A person familiar with the hiring process for the job said: “Treasury needs more capable tax expertise ASAP, or the White House will yank total control for tax reform from the department for the rest of the year, maybe beyond.”
Mark Mazur, who held the Treasury tax job under former Democratic President Barack Obama, said Mnuchin has too much on his plate to concentrate fully on taxes.
Mnuchin has praised Treasury’s 100 tax policy career staff, but they can only offer options to Trump appointees, said Mazur, now director of the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center.
“The political appointees are the ones who need to turn the crank on the sausage-making machine,” Mazur said.




ARTICLE
March 31, 2017
New York, NY – Claire Hardwick, OAN Political Correspondent
While the House Republicans pulled the American Health Care Act from the floor for a vote, Grace-Marie Turner said many members are feeling the repercussions from this failure, and are ready to work together to finally pass health care reform.
Turner is president of the Galen Institute and an expert on health care policy.
She said repealing and replacing  Obamacare was such a huge campaign promise not only for President Trump, but for all Republicans.
And that the the Republican Caucus had a member only meeting Tuesday where they had a lot of remorse for the failure to pass the bill.
Turner said there is a renewed sense that the House Republicans have to get this bill over the finish line.
Because failure to pass healthcare reform is blocking other campaign promises like tax reform and revitalization of the economy.
“I am optimistic I see the speaker’s commitment, the president has said he’s going to do this- I think he publicly said he’s going to do this with the Republicans or I’m going to do this with the Democrats. Clearly, if the conservatives want to have more reform of Medicaid, more free market options for individuals, more control over the states to be able to approve the kind of plans that people actually want to buy, they need to move quickly before they wind up with more government controlled options which is very likely to happen if they have to put together a majority with half of them Democrats,” Turner said.
Turner said the entire Republican Caucus has campaigned for the past four election cycles on the promise to repeal and replace Obamacare, so failing to deliver this reform to their voters is not an option.



ARTICLE
March 31, 2017
By Roberta Rampton and Steve Holland
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – President Donald Trump will seek to rebuild the U.S. relationship with Egypt at a Monday meeting with Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi focused on security issues and military aid, a senior White House official said on Friday.
“He wants to use President Sisi’s visit to reboot the bilateral relationship and build on the strong connection the two presidents established when they first met in New York last September,” the official said, briefing reporters on condition of anonymity.
Egypt has long been one of Washington’s closest allies in the Middle East, receiving $1.3 billion in U.S. military aid annually. The country is fighting an Islamist insurgency in Sinai, and hundreds of Egyptian soldiers and police have been killed fighting insurgents.
The bilateral relationship was strained when former President Barack Obama criticized Sisi for cracking down on the Muslim Brotherhood, Egypt’s oldest Islamist group.
Sisi does not make a distinction between the Brotherhood, which says it is peaceful, and Islamic State militants. Egypt considers the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist group.
Obama froze aid to the country for two years after Sisi, then a general, overthrew President Mohamed Mursi in mid-2013  after mass protests against Mursi’s rule. Mursi, a Muslim Brotherhood member, had been elected the previous year.
Human rights groups have estimated that at least 40,000 political prisoners have been detained by Sisi’s government.
Trump’s relationship with Sisi got off to a good start when they met last September in New York while Trump was running for president, the White House said.
Trump supports Sisi’s approach to counterterrorism, which includes both military and political efforts, his efforts to reform Egypt’s economy, and Sisi’s calls for “reform and moderation of Islamic discourse,” the official said.
Asked whether the United States would designate the Muslim Brotherhood as a terrorist group, as Egypt has, the official said Trump was interested in hearing Sisi’s views during the meeting.
“We, along with a number of countries, have some concerns about various activities that the Muslim Brotherhood has conducted in the region,” the official said.

‘MORE DISCREET WAY’
Sisi’s visit comes as the Trump administration has proposed massive cuts to U.S. foreign aid, the details of which are still to be determined. The White House anticipates aid to Egypt will continue but provided no details on Friday.
“We’re in the budget process right now and those discussions are ongoing as to how it will be broken out,” the official told reporters.
Some U.S. lawmakers have opposed loosening restrictions on aid to Egypt because of concerns about human rights in the country. The Trump administration intends to address human rights issues behind closed doors, the White House official said.
“Our approach is to handle these types of sensitive issues in a private, more discreet way. We believe it’s the most effective way to advance those issues to a favorable outcome,” the official said.
The official would not say whether Trump would discuss with Sisi the case of Aya Hijazi, an Egyptian-American who works with street children and was arrested in May 2014 on human trafficking charges. Rights groups have called for her release.
Hijazi has been held in custody for 33 months in violation of Egyptian law, which states that the maximum period for pretrial detention is 24 months.
A verdict was set to be read in a March 23 court session, but was postponed with no reason stated by the judge until April 16. The maximum possible jail sentence in her case is 25 years.
The White House is aware of Hijazi’s case “at the most senior levels,” the official told reporters.
“We are going to address this with Egypt in a way that we think maximizes the chances her case will be resolved in a satisfactory way,” the official said.





ARTICLE
March 31, 2017
By Amanda Becker
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Hillary Clinton on Friday warned that the deep budget cuts to foreign aid and diplomacy proposed by President Donald Trump to fund increased military spending would make the United States, and the world, less safe.
“We are seeing signals of a shift that should alarm us all, this administration’s proposed budget cuts to international health, development and diplomacy would be a blow to women and children and a grave mistake,” Clinton said during a speech at Georgetown University.
The Trump administration has asked Congress for a 28 percent, or $10.9 billion, cut in U.S. State Department funding and other international programs to help pay for a 10 percent, $54 billion hike in military spending next year.
The White House has shrugged off concerns from Democrats, some Republicans and current and former national security leaders about the impact, saying the proposed cuts are Trump making good on promises he made during his presidential race against Clinton, the Democratic nominee.
Clinton, also the State Department’s top diplomat during the Obama administration, was speaking at the Georgetown Institute for Women, Peace and Security, which presents an annual award in Clinton’s name to women who have advocated for peaceful solutions.
“Advancing the rights and full participation of women and girls is the great unfinished business of the 21st century,” said Clinton, the first woman to be nominated for president by a major U.S. party.
“It’s not only the right and moral goal for us to be pursuing … this is strategic and necessary for matters of peace, prosperity and security.”
Clinton garnered some of the most enthusiastic applause from the university students in attendance when she took a subtle jab at her former presidential rival.
Shortly after Clinton praised the institute for making an “evidence-based case” for promoting women’s roles, she stopped to remark: “Here I go again, talking about research, evidence, and facts.”
Clinton said during her contentious race against Trump that he was “an absolute avalanche of falsehoods.”
One of Trump’s top advisers said the administration used “alternative facts” after a public disagreement over inaugural attendance.




ARTICLE
March 31, 2017
By Amanda Becker
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Hillary Clinton on Friday warned that the deep budget cuts to foreign aid and diplomacy proposed by President Donald Trump to fund increased military spending would make the United States, and the world, less safe.
“We are seeing signals of a shift that should alarm us all, this administration’s proposed budget cuts to international health, development and diplomacy would be a blow to women and children and a grave mistake,” Clinton said during a speech at Georgetown University.
The Trump administration has asked Congress for a 28 percent, or $10.9 billion, cut in U.S. State Department funding and other international programs to help pay for a 10 percent, $54 billion hike in military spending next year.
The White House has shrugged off concerns from Democrats, some Republicans and current and former national security leaders about the impact, saying the proposed cuts are Trump making good on promises he made during his presidential race against Clinton, the Democratic nominee.
Clinton, also the State Department’s top diplomat during the Obama administration, was speaking at the Georgetown Institute for Women, Peace and Security, which presents an annual award in Clinton’s name to women who have advocated for peaceful solutions.
“Advancing the rights and full participation of women and girls is the great unfinished business of the 21st century,” said Clinton, the first woman to be nominated for president by a major U.S. party.
“It’s not only the right and moral goal for us to be pursuing … this is strategic and necessary for matters of peace, prosperity and security.”
Clinton garnered some of the most enthusiastic applause from the university students in attendance when she took a subtle jab at her former presidential rival.
Shortly after Clinton praised the institute for making an “evidence-based case” for promoting women’s roles, she stopped to remark: “Here I go again, talking about research, evidence, and facts.”
Clinton said during her contentious race against Trump that he was “an absolute avalanche of falsehoods.”
One of Trump’s top advisers said the administration used “alternative facts” after a public disagreement over inaugural attendance.




ARTICLE
March 31, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The U.S. House of Representatives Intelligence Committee’s top Democrat said on Friday that the panel would discuss with the Justice Department and the Senate Intelligence Committee any request for immunity from prosecution from Michael Flynn, President Donald Trump’s former national security adviser.
U.S. Representative Adam Schiff called such a request “a grave and momentous step,” noting the interests of the Department of Justice in the matter.





ARTICLE
March 31, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The U.S. House of Representatives Intelligence Committee’s top Democrat said on Friday that the panel would discuss with the Justice Department and the Senate Intelligence Committee any request for immunity from prosecution from Michael Flynn, President Donald Trump’s former national security adviser.
U.S. Representative Adam Schiff called such a request “a grave and momentous step,” noting the interests of the Department of Justice in the matter.





ARTICLE
March 31, 2017
Washington D.C. – Kendall Forward, OAN Political Correspondent
Legislation to repeal the federal death tax has reached both the House and the Senate. It’s a stand alone issue that’s also a major part the President’s tax plan, and expected to bring in supporters from both parties. The federal death tax takes 40% net worth after a family member dies. This leaves many small businesses struggling to keep their doors open. Countries like Switzerland, Sweden, and Russia have gone away with their death taxes, so why is America still holding on?
Dick Patton with the American Business Defense Council is a fierce advocate against it, calling for “no taxation without respiration.” Patton represents family businesses across the country, many of whom are forced to sell parts or all of their business when a family member dies. “Many families are just plain stuck because you never know when death is going to occur,” says Patton. “Why should we have to go through this elaborate dance just to keep the property in the family? Just to keep the farm alive? Just to keep the business in place?”
Patton has successfully played a part in helping 36 states successfully repeal their local death tax. His number one goal is abolishing the federal death tax. He recounts stories how how it has impacted families he has met with. “I was talking to a farmer in Mississippi… and this guy said ‘I’m a farmer. According to the I.R.S. I’m rich because I have all of this dirt, but I’m broke.'” Patton adds, “most of the family farms in America are just like that. Sometimes they don’t survive sometimes they do. Sometimes they go into years or decades of debt to pay for it.”
Defendants of the death tax say it’s necessary to prevent great disparities of wealth and social imbalance.
The tax pays for one third of 1% of the federal budget. Patton describes many instances of businesses closing, forced to disappear thousands of jobs they employ; “Family businesses provide 72% of all the jobs in a jobs thirsty America. We have a President who very mindfully, and in a very focused way said we need to bring jobs back to America.”
The repeal is backed by Representative Kristi Noemin the House and John Thune in the Senate. The President’s tax plan includes complete repeal of the estate and death tax and Patton says polls show it’s a bipartisan issue. American Business Defense Council Polls show two thirds of Americans, over all socio-economic backgrounds, support the repeal.



ARTICLE
March 31, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump will Host Jordan’s King Abdullah at the White House next week to discuss the fight against Islamic State militants, the Syria crisis and advancing peace between Israelis and Palestinians, the White House said in a statement.
The April 5 meeting between the two leaders comes after Trump’s Middle East envoy met with Abdullah earlier this month.




ARTICLE
March 31, 2017
By David Lawder
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The Trump administration on Friday slammed China on a range of trade issues from its chronic industrial overcapacity to forced technology transfers and longstanding bans on U.S. beef and electronic payment services.
The annual trade barriers list from the U.S. Trade Representative’s (USTR) office sets up more areas of potential irritation for the first face-to-face meeting between President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping next week in Florida.
Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, asked about his expectations for the meeting, told Fox News on Friday: “What I would hope will come out would be a commitment to starting to abide by the rules and a commitment to working collaboratively to help reduce our deficit.“
USTR, controlled by the White House, said that Chinese government industrial policies and financial support for industries such as steel and aluminum have resulted in overproduction and a flood of exports that have distorted global markets and undermined competitors.
“While China has begun to take steps to address steel excess capacity, these steps have been inadequate to date and even fewer efforts have been taken by China in aluminum and other sectors,” USTR said in the report.
USTR released the list of trade irritants in 63 countries just after senior Trump trade officials announced an executive order to study the causes of U.S. trade deficits.
The report said China also is using a series of cybersecurity restrictions as part of an apparent long-term goal to replace foreign information and communications technology products and services with locally produced versions.
USTR also accused China of using a range of measures to engineer the transfer of foreign technology to Chinese firms. They include denying financial or regulatory approvals to companies using foreign-owned intellectual property (IP) or that do not conduct research or manufacture products in China.
“China also reportedly conditions foreign investment approvals on technology transfer to Chinese entities, mandates adverse licensing terms on foreign IP licensors, uses anti-monopoly laws to extract technology on unreasonable terms and subsidizes acquisition of foreign high technology firms to bring technology to the Chinese parent companies.”
Gaps in IP rights enforcement have allowed the misappropriation of foreign IP and trade secrets, both within and outside of China.
USTR’s criticisms are consistent with increasingly vocal concerns raised by international business groups about what they see as a worsening business climate for foreign firms in China, as well as China’s goal to boost domestic manufacturing content in 10 sectors from robotics to biopharmaceuticals.
Earlier this month, the European Union Chamber of Commerce said the “Made in China 2025” plan amounts to a “large-scale import substitution plan aimed at nationalizing key industries” or “severely curtailing the position of foreign business.”
USTR also brought up longstanding complaints about online piracy of movies, books, music, video games and software in China as well as a ban on U.S. beef that has been in place since 2003.
It said delays in China’s approval process for agricultural products derived from biotechnology also worsened in 2016, hurting U.S. corn exports.
Ross, the commerce secretary, also said Trump will sign two executive orders on Friday. The first calls for a 90-day study by the Commerce Department into the causes of U.S. trade deficits, the results of which would be used to formulate policy.
A second order would solve a problem involving collection of anti-dumping duties, he said.
“There’s some $3 billion worth of duties that have never been collected because they set up straw-man importers that don’t have any financial substance, so by the time the case ends, there’s nobody there against whom you can assess the fine. So what these orders will do is require letters of credit or insurance company bonds or cash so there will be somebody against whom we can levy the fine,” Ross said.




ARTICLE
March 31, 2017
Washington, D.C. – Trey Yingst, OAN Chief White House Correspondent
On Friday President Trump took two major executive actions on trade.
The first order calls for Congress and the US Trade Representative to develop a report within 90 days that identifies trade abuse. The goal of the order is to find areas that add to the US trade deficit and eventually negotiate them.
The second order addresses Anti Dumping and Countervailing. The action directs the Department of Homeland Security to hold accountable countries or individuals who violate US trade laws.
Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross broke down the actions to members of the media and called them both a systematic analysis with a focus on countries who try to undermine the US.
“With some of the countries we will conclude that no action should be taken,” Ross said.
For countries who are found to be engaging unfairly with the US on trade, they may see renegotiations on trade policy in the coming months.
Trade is expected to be a big topic of conversation next week when President Trump meets with Chinese President Xi Jinping at Mar-a-Lago.



ARTICLE
March 31, 2017

TRUMP VS. CONSERVATIVE REPUBLICANS
Trump lashes out at Republican conservatives who helped torpedo healthcare legislation he backed, escalating a feud within his party that jeopardizes the new administration’s legislative agenda.

RUSSIA
Trump’s former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, has discussed with congressional committees giving testimony in their investigations of potential ties between the Trump campaign and Russia, his lawyer says.
Russia mounted a campaign of “propaganda on steroids” seeking to influence the 2016 U.S. presidential election, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee says, listing several areas of concern about possible links to Republican Trump’s campaign.
The White House has invited the top Republican and Democratic members of the Senate and House of Representatives intelligence panels to review new material relevant to their investigation into Russia’s alleged interference in the election, presidential spokesman Sean Spicer says.

CHINA
Trump sets the tone for a tense first meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping next week by tweeting that the United States could no longer tolerate massive trade deficits and job losses.

SURVEILLANCE
Two White House officials played a role in providing House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes with documents showing Trump and his associates were swept up in surveillance by U.S. intelligence agencies, The New York Times reports.

SUPREME COURT
Senators Joe Manchin and Heidi Heitkamp become the first Democrats to support the confirmation of Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch, giving Republicans two of eight Democratic votes needed to avoid a nasty fight on the U.S. Senate floor next week.

IMMIGRATION
The Justice Department will appeal a ruling from a Hawaii federal judge that granted an injunction blocking Trump’s revised restrictions on travel from some Muslim-majority countries, it says in a court filing.

NAFTA
In revamping the North American Free Trade Agreement, the Trump administration will seek tax equality and the ability to reimpose tariffs if a flood of imports from Canada and Mexico causes “a threat of serious injury” to U.S. industry, a draft of negotiating objectives shows.

SYRIA
The United States’ diplomatic policy on Syria for now is no longer focused on making the war-torn country’s president, Bashar al-Assad, leave power, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations says, in a departure from the Obama administration’s initial and public stance on Assad’s fate.






ARTICLE
March 31, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Thursday he understood President Donald Trump’s frustration with Republicans’ failure to agree on healthcare legislation to replace Obamacare.
“It’s very understandable that the president is frustrated that we haven’t gotten to where we need to go,” Ryan told reporters when asked about Trump’s tweet saying the conservative House Freedom Caucus was blocking the party’s agenda and vowing to fight them if they did not get on board.
Ryan said about 90 percent of Republicans supported the party’s healthcare bill and only about 10 percent opposed it.




ARTICLE
March 31, 2017
By Susan Cornwell and Amanda Becker
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump lashed out on Thursday at Republican conservatives who helped torpedo healthcare legislation he backed, escalating a feud within his party that jeopardizes the new administration’s legislative agenda.
Trump threatened to try to defeat members of the Freedom Caucus – a bloc of conservative Republicans in the House of Representatives  – in next year’s congressional elections if they continued to defy him.
“The Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they don’t get on the team, & fast. We must fight them, & Dems, in 2018!” Trump wrote on Twitter on Thursday morning.
He later singled out three Freedom Caucus members by name, U.S. Representatives Mark Meadows, Jim Jordan and Raul Labrador.
“If @RepMarkMeadows, @Jim_Jordan and @Raul_Labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts & reform,” he said in one tweet.
“Where are @RepMarkMeadows, @Jim_Jordan and @Raul_Labrador?
#RepealANDReplace #Obamacare,” he asked in another.
House conservatives fought back.
Labrador, one of the founders of the Freedom Caucus, urged Trump in a tweet to “Remember who your real friends are. We’re trying to help you succeed.”
“Most people don’t take well to being bullied,” said Representative Justin Amash, who compared Trump’s approach to what a child does when he wants to “get his way.”
Trump’s deteriorating relationship with Republican House conservatives could make it harder for him to pass his legislative agenda, which includes rewriting the U.S. tax code, revisiting a healthcare overhaul and funding construction of a wall along the U.S.-Mexican border.
Trump, a New York businessman who touted his skills as a dealmaker in his bid for the White House, has repeatedly criticized Freedom Caucus members, blaming them for the defeat of legislation to repeal and replace former President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law.
Freedom Caucus members said the bill did not go far enough to dismantle the 2010 Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare.
Asked during a briefing whether Trump’s tweet about the Freedom Caucus was a “divide-and-conquer” strategy, White House spokesman Sean Spicer said: “No, it’s a math strategy, which is to get to 216,” the number of votes currently needed to pass House legislation.
The discord following the healthcare debacle was not limited to tensions between Trump and the Freedom Caucus. In recent days, the president has been out of sync with the two highest ranking Republicans in Congress, House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell.
Trump and his aides have suggested reviving the push for a healthcare bill. While Ryan expressed openness to the idea, McConnell said he thought doing so would be futile.
But Ryan publicly disagreed with Trump when the president offered to work with Democrats on new healthcare legislation.
“I don’t want that to happen,” the speaker told CBS in an interview aired on Thursday.

‘NOT AN IDEAL POSITION’
More than healthcare legislation was at stake.
Republican lawmakers still await key details on what Trump’s priorities are in the monumental tax reform effort they want to launch.
Passing a budget for next year could also prove challenging. Trump and the Freedom Caucus want to dramatically shrink domestic programs. Moderate Republicans are aghast at proposals to cut popular programs that fund environmental cleanup and meals for senior citizens.
Most pressing is an April 28 deadline for approving new funding to keep the government running.
“The GOP (Republican) House is riven by factions that are quite ideological. Trump is not,” said University of Virginia political science professor Larry Sabato. “And let’s throw in the fact that Trump is unpopular and weak and has no Democratic support in Congress.
“Add all this up. Neither Trump nor congressional Republicans are in an ideal position to govern, and that’s an understatement,” Sabato said.
There are about three dozen members of the House Freedom Caucus, comprising about 15 percent of the 237 House Republicans. But their clout is larger, as Trump and Ryan cannot afford to lose too many House Republicans if they want to try to pass bills, like the Obamacare repeal, that attract zero Democratic support.
Dan Meyer, a legislative affairs chief to former Republican President George W. Bush, said that with the Freedom Caucus threatening Trump’s agenda, the White House either had to find a way to work with the conservatives, or tack to the left.
Some Republicans were so furious they were publicly saying things usually reserved for closed-door meetings.
Representative Chris Collins, a Trump ally and part of the “Tuesday Group” of moderate Republicans, told reporters his group was so angry with the Freedom Caucus that it would “never” meet with it. He accused its members of trying to shift blame for the healthcare failure to moderates.

SENATORS CRINGE
Senate Republicans expressed alarm and urged efforts at consensus.
Senator John McCain, who ran for president in 2008 and was defeated by Obama, said that if he were sitting in the White House, he would try to ease intraparty tensions rather than stoking them.
“But that’s the president,” said McCain who sometimes is at odds with Trump. He added this advice to Trump: “Sit down with them and say this is an emergency situation.”
Senator Cory Gardner, a Republican who served in the House from 2011 to 2014, said his former colleagues needed to quit arguing and come to a consensus “sooner rather than later.”
A senior House Republican aide distanced Ryan from Trump’s strategy of upbraiding conservatives.
“Ryan … is never going to intentionally alienate a large swath of his caucus,” said the aide, who spoke on the condition of anonymity.
Publicly, Ryan said he understood Trump’s frustration.
The speaker also said he was encouraging Republican lawmakers “to keep talking to one another.”
Republican Senator Bob Corker chided Ryan, however, for his views about courting Democrats on healthcare reform.
“We have come a long way in our country when the speaker of one party urges a president NOT to work with the other party to solve a problem,” Corker wrote on Twitter.




ARTICLE
March 30, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said on Thursday he hopes to start the 90-day countdown clock to launch a renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement before Congress takes its spring recess at the end of next week.
Ross told CNBC in a live interview that he needs leaders of the House Ways and Means Committee and the Senate Finance Committee to sign off on the notification letter before a 90-day consultation period can start.
The administration has sent them a draft letter that lays out some of its negotiating priorities.
“There’s no change in our thinking,” Ross told CNBC. “This letter simply describes in very broad outline the topics that we will be discussing. So I don’t think there’s any great reason for you to overthink it.”




ARTICLE
March 30, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The U.S. Department of Commerce made a final finding that seven foreign producers dumped certain carbon and alloy steel cut-to-length plate in the U.S. market, allowing it to impose duties ranging from 3.62 percent to 148 percent, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said on Thursday.
The determinations of dumping, or selling a product below its fair price, apply to imports of CTL plate from Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, South Korea and Taiwan, Ross said.
In addition, there was a final finding that South Korean imports were subsidized, leading to a countervailing duty of 4.31 percent being slapped on those products, he said at a department event.
“A healthy steel industry is critical to our economy and manufacturing base, yet our steel industry today is under assault from foreign producers that dump and subsidize their exports,” Ross told the audience.
In 2015, imports of CTL plate from the seven producers totaled $732 million, with those from Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Korea and Taiwan valued at an estimated $14.2 million, $19.8 million, $179 million, $196.2 million, $37 million, $54.9 million, $210 million and $21 million, respectively, department figures show. (http://bit.ly/2mSZM1Z)
Cut-to-length steel is used in a wide range of applications, including buildings and bridgework; agricultural, construction and mining equipment; machine parts and tooling; ships, rail cars, tankers and barges; and large-diameter pipe.
The finding followed an investigation prompted by a petition from Nucor Corp and U.S. subsidiaries of ArcelorMittal SA and SSAB AB.
For Austrian producers and exporters, dumping duties on the Voestalpine group and all others were set at 53.72 percent.
They were 5.4 percent for Industeel Belgium, 51.78 percent for the NLMK Belgium group and 5.4 percent for all other Belgium producers and exporters.
Among French manufacturers and exporters, duty rates were set at 148.02 percent for Industeel France and 8.62 percent for Dillinger France and all others.
In Germany, duties were set at 5.38 percent for AG der Dillinger Hüttenwerke, 22.90 percent for the Salzgitter group and 21.03 percent for all other exporters and producers.
A spokesman for Salzgitter confirmed the company was facing duties, saying the decision to impose the duties and the level of them were incomprehensible.
In Italy, the department set anti-dumping duty rates of 6.08 percent for Officine Tecnosider, 22.19 percent for Marcegaglia SpA and NLMK Verona SpA and 6.08 percent for all other producers and exporters.
Among Japanese producers and exporters, Tokyo Steel Manufacturing Co Ltd was hit with a duty rate of 14.79 percent. A rate of 48.67 percent was imposed on JFE Steel Corp and Shimabun Corp, and for all others it was set at 14.79 percent.
Taiwanese companies Shang Chen Steel Co Ltd and China Steel Corp had anti-dumping duties of 3.62 percent and 6.95 percent, respectively, imposed on them. The rate for other producers and exporters was set at 5.29 percent.
For South Korea, the department imposed an anti-dumping duty of 7.39 percent on POSCO, as well as a countervailing duty of 4.31 percent to account for subsidies. The same rates apply to all other producers and exporters.
The findings allow the department to ask U.S. Customs authorities to collect cash deposits from exporters based on those rates.
On March 3, in a decision stemming from the same investigation, the U.S. International Trade Commission said it had made a final finding that U.S. industry was being harmed by the dumping and subsidization of imports of carbon and alloy steel CTL plate from China. That allows for the final imposition of duties by the Commerce Department on China’s producers and exporters of the plate.




ARTICLE
March 30, 2017
By Patricia Zengerle
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Russia mounted a campaign of “propaganda on steroids” seeking to influence the 2016 U.S. presidential election, the top Democrat on the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee said on Thursday, listing several areas of concern about possible links to Republican Donald Trump’s campaign.
In Moscow, Russian President Vladimir Putin again denied that Russia tried to influence the election, but in doing so he made reference to the wrong U.S. president in answering a question at an Arctic forum.
“Once, Reagan, while discussing, I think, taxes, told the Americans: ‘Read my lips: ‘No!’”
His reply recalled what George H.W. Bush told Americans during his 1988 presidential election campaign, “Read my lips: No new taxes.”
Trump has dismissed suggestions of links with Moscow as Democratic Party sour grapes about his surprise November defeat of the party’s candidate, Hillary Clinton. U.S. intelligence agencies said Russia hacked emails of senior Democrats and orchestrated the release of embarrassing information to hurt Clinton’s campaign.
“I will not prejudge the outcome of our investigation,” Senator Mark Warner told an intelligence committee hearing on the allegations. “We are seeking to determine if there is an actual fire, but so far there is a great, great deal of smoke.”
Putin also said on Thursday that contacts Russian diplomats had made in the United States were merely part of routine work.
At the hearing, lawmakers warned of the danger that Russia could interfere in elections in France and Germany this year and in future U.S. campaigns. Cyber security experts at the rare day-long public hearing detailed what they described as the dissemination of disinformation and cyber attacks on both Democratic political operatives and Republicans.
Lawmakers and cyber experts mentioned stories that were being spread to discredit German Chancellor Angela Merkel. And they said Britain’s “Brexit” vote last year on leaving the European Union should be examined.
Clinton Watts, a security consultant and former FBI agent, told Senator Marco Rubio, a Republican committee member, that he may have been a victim of Russian activity during his unsuccessful campaign for the 2016 Republican nomination against Trump.
Rubio later said he would not comment. But he told the hearing that in July 2016, after he announced he would run for re-election to the Senate, former members of his presidential campaign team were targeted by an unsuccessful cyber attack from Russia.
He said former campaign staffers were also targeted unsuccessfully from within Russia within the past 24 hours.

‘CAPABLE ADVERSARY’
“We’re all targets of a sophisticated and capable adversary,” said Senator Richard Burr, a Republican who heads the intelligence committee.
Democrat Warner, who was a technology executive before entering politics, described a sweeping Russian campaign using trolls and botnets, or networks of hacked or infected devices, to spread large amounts of disinformation.
The campaign of “fake news” was particularly targeted at traditionally Democratic-leaning states such as Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania, where Trump defeated Clinton by narrow margins that were not predicted by opinion polls, he said.
“This Russian ‘propaganda on steroids’ was designed to poison the national conversation in America,” Warner said.
Citing concerns to be addressed in the committee’s probe, Warner listed the prediction by a Trump associate about the release of hacked emails weeks before they were released, a change in the Republican Party’s platform to water down language on Ukraine, and Trump’s campaign manager, Paul Manafort, and other Trump associates being forced to step down over ties to Russia.
A separate investigation in the House of Representatives into the intelligence agencies’ allegations of a Russian role in the U.S. election has become mired in controversy over accusations that its Republican chairman, Trump ally Devin Nunes, is not impartial.
Nunes and Representative Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House committee, met on Thursday to discuss their investigation. Schiff said the two had discussed obtaining documents before deciding which witnesses to call in.
The New York Times reported on Thursday that two White House officials played a role in providing Nunes with documents the Republican committee chairman cited to show Trump and his associates were swept up in surveillance by U.S. intelligence.
Trump said Nunes’ comments about the surveillance helped justify his insistence, made without evidence, that former President Barack Obama had wiretapped Trump Tower in New York, his campaign headquarters.




ARTICLE
March 30, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The White House has invited the top Republican and Democratic members of the Senate and House of Representatives intelligence panels to review new material relevant to their investigation into Russia’s alleged interference in the U.S. presidential election, White House spokesman Sean Spicer said on Thursday.
“There has been information, … material that has … come to light, and that we want to make sure that the people who are conducting the review have that information,” Spicer told reporters without giving details about the information.
“We have invited them up to view it in a classified setting,” he said, referring to the Republican chairs and Democratic ranking members of the Senate and House intelligence committees.




ARTICLE
March 30, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The top Democrat on the House of Representatives intelligence committee said on Thursday the chamber’s investigation into Russian meddling in the U.S. election needs to go forward despite whatever obstacles it may face.
“One way or another, the investigation has to take place,” Representative Adam Schiff told reporters. “We’re carrying on.”
Schiff, who on Monday called the panel’s Republican chairman, Devin Nunes, to recuse himself, said it was up to House Speaker Paul Ryan and Nunes to decide who leads the probe, but that they would have to “articulate why and how they feel that can be done credibly.”




ARTICLE
March 30, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Thursday he understood President Donald Trump’s frustration with Republicans’ failure to agree on healthcare legislation to replace Obamacare.
“It’s very understandable that the president is frustrated that we haven’t gotten to where we need to go,” Ryan told reporters when asked about Trump’s tweet saying the conservative House Freedom Caucus was blocking the party’s agenda and vowing to fight them if they did not get on board.
Ryan said about 90 percent of Republicans supported the party’s healthcare bill and only about 10 percent opposed it.




ARTICLE
March 30, 2017
By Patricia Zengerle
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The Republican chairman of the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee on Wednesday promised a thorough investigation into any direct links between Russia and Republican Donald Trump during his successful 2016 run for the White House.
Committee Chairman Richard Burr and Mark Warner, its top Democrat, pledged at a joint news conference that they would work together, in contrast with the partisan discord roiling a similar probe by the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee.
Burr was asked if the Senate panel wanted to determine if there was anything suggesting a direct link to Trump, and responded: “We know that our challenge is to answer that question for the American people.”
Trump’s young presidency has been clouded by allegations from U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia sought to help him win, while connections between his campaign personnel and Russia also are under scrutiny. Trump dismisses such assertions and Russia denies the allegations.
The Senate committee intends to begin interviewing as many as 20 people, including Jared Kushner, Trump’s son-in-law and one of his closest advisers, beginning as early as Monday.
Burr served as a security adviser to Trump’s campaign but said he had not coordinated with him on the scope of the committee’s investigation. He insisted he could remain objective.
Burr declined to go along with the White House’s denial of collusion between the campaign and Russian hackers, who U.S. intelligence officials believe favored Trump in last year’s campaign at the expense of Democratic challenger Hillary Clinton.
“We would be crazy to try to draw conclusions from where we are in the investigation,” Burr said. “Let us go a little deeper into this before you ask us to write the conclusions. That’s clearly something we intend to do down the road.”
Burr and Warner would not comment on the investigation in the House, where the chairman of the intelligence committee, Trump ally Devin Nunes, has been under fire over his handling of the matter.
Many Democrats, including Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House intelligence panel, called for Nunes to recuse himself from the investigation after he met last week with an unidentified source at the White House complex, accusing him of colluding with the White House.
Before telling his committee colleagues, Nunes met with House Speaker Paul Ryan, and then Trump, and told reporters the source provided him with evidence that information on Trump’s transition team had been collected during legal surveillance of other targets.
Both Republican and Democratic lawmakers have said the discord surrounding the House committee has made the Senate investigation more important than ever. “Clearly in the Senate, it appears that both Democrats and Republicans are acting like adults and taking this matter seriously,” Democratic Representative Jim McGovern told Reuters.

‘PAID INTERNET TROLLS’
Warner and Burr both stressed the importance of exposing the activity of Russian hackers, which Warner said included reports of “upwards of 1,000 paid Internet trolls” who spread false negative stories about Clinton.
Warner and Burr did disagree slightly, with Warner alluding to some difficulties getting particular documents from intelligence agencies, and Burr defending them.
The two senators also indicated they had communicated with Michael Flynn, Trump’s former national security adviser, who was fired last month after misrepresenting meetings with the Russian ambassador.
“It would be safe to say we have had conversations with a lot of people and it would be safe to say General Flynn is a part of that list,” Burr said.
Neither Burr nor Warner gave a timeline for finishing the investigation.
“This is one of the biggest investigations the Hill has seen in my time here,” said Burr, who has been in Congress since 1995.
The senators said they also wanted to call attention to what they described as Russia’s attempts to influence upcoming elections in France and Germany.




ARTICLE
March 30, 2017
By David Lawder
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. debt held by the public will balloon to 150 percent of economic output by 2047 unless tax and spending laws are changed, the Congressional Budget Office said on Thursday, far exceeding the record level just after World War II.
The new projections show steeper 30-year debt growth than last year’s long-term forecast by the non-partisan budget analysis agency, and could make it harder for some members of Congress to support a tax reform plan that is partly financed with higher deficits.
Last year, the CBO estimated U.S. public debt would grow to 141 percent of gross domestic product by 2046, while the record was 106 percent of GDP in 1946. That level would be reached in 2035, the CBO said.
Under this year’s projection, CBO predicts public debt for 2017 to be about 77 percent of GDP, growing to 89 percent in 2027, and 113 percent in 2037.
The new forecasts assume that the Affordable Care Act, the healthcare law known as Obamacare that House Republicans failed to replace last week, stays in place for the long term.
The projected debt growth reflects CBO’s estimates of the rising costs of caring for a growing population of people over 65, growth in interest costs, and assumptions of slower economic growth due to reduced assumptions about productivity gains.
Annual deficits are expected to average 8.6 percent of GDP in the 2038-2047 period versus 2.9 percent expected for 2017 and 4.0 percent for the 2018-2027 period.
The long-term projections extend CBO’s assumptions made in its 10-year budget outlook in January, which showed falling deficits for the next two years, but growth thereafter.
Net interest costs in 2047 are expected to be 6.2 percent of GDP, compared with 1.4 percent in 2017 and about 1.2 percent in 1967, the CBO said.
But the wild card in the CBO 30-year projections are real interest rates. Real interest yields on 10-year Treasury notes are assumed to average 1.5 percent over 30 years, rising to 2.3 percent in 2047.
Much higher interest rates, coupled with different assumptions in productivity and healthcare cost growth, could  produce significantly different outcomes, CBO said.
The CBO said that its debt-to-GDP ratio could range from 85 percent with low rates and strong growth, to 244 percent with weaker growth and higher rates.




ARTICLE
March 30, 2017
Washington, D.C. – Trey Yingst, OAN Chief White House Correspondent
President Trump held bilateral meetings with Denmark’s Prime Minister Lars Rasmussen on Thursday at the White House.
The talks come as Danish and American troops are fighting alongside each other to assist in taking back the ISIS controlled city of Raqqa, Syria.
The two leaders also reportedly spoke about immigration and trade. The US is Denmark’s largest non-European trading partner, exporting chemical products, legos and windmills.
The two world leaders appeared before the press briefly in the Oval Office to comment on the relationship between the US and Denmark
“We have a truly great relationship and we are working together on many fronts,” President Trump said.
The meeting fell on the 100th anniversary of Denmark turning over the Virgin Islands to the United States.



ARTICLE
March 30, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan, the top Republican in Congress, said he does not want President Donald Trump to work with Democrats on new legislation for revamping the country’s health insurance system, commonly called Obamacare.
In an interview with “CBS This Morning” that will air on Thursday, Ryan said he fears the Republican Party, which failed last week to come together and agree on a healthcare overhaul, is pushing the president to the other side of the aisle so he can make good on campaign promises to redo Obamacare.
“I don’t want that to happen,” Ryan said, referring to Trump’s offer to work with Democrats.
Carrying out those reforms with Democrats is “hardly a conservative thing,” Ryan said, according to interview excerpts released on Wednesday. “I don’t want government running health care. The government shouldn’t tell you what you must do with your life, with your healthcare,” he said.
On Tuesday, Trump told senators attending a White House reception that he expected lawmakers to reach a deal “very quickly” on healthcare, but he did not offer specifics.
“I think it’s going to happen because we’ve all been promising – Democrat, Republican – we’ve all been promising that to the American people,” he said.
Trump said after the failure of the Republican plan last week that Democrats, none of whom supported the bill, would be willing to negotiate new healthcare legislation because Obamacare is destined to “explode.”




ARTICLE
March 30, 2017
New York, NY – Claire Hardwick, OAN Political Correspondent
While the Senate Intelligence Committee announced they will conduct a thorough investigation into whether President Trump had ties to Russia, Roger Kimball said this is more of a political witch-hunt than a substance driven probe.
Kimball, the Editor-in Chief at The New Criterion, said the Democratic Party has been trying to find some concrete proof of a connection between President Trump and Russia for months.
He said they are stuck on this topic in order to try and delegitimize President Trump’s victory and the Trump movement.
But also, to explain Hillary Clinton’s election loss.
Kimball said that while the left continues to try and control the narrative, Trump’s actions as president speak louder than their empty allegations.
“As far as Donald Trump being complicit with Putin, let’s see what he’s done. He is given a green light to energy exploration in this country. So now, Russia’s primary source of dollars is, you know, permanently on hold. The price of oil’s not going up because turns out Obama was wrong, we can drill our way out of this crisis. We have more proven reserves that anyone in the world,” Kimball said.
Kimball said that if the Democrat Party wants to look at a politician with ties to Russia, they should look at Hillary Clinton who facilitated the Russians getting 20 percent control of US uranium reserves.



ARTICLE
March 30, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – A looming push to overhaul the U.S. tax code could include the repeal of Obamacare taxes left intact by last week’s collapse of the Republican healthcare bill, the Senate’s top Republican on tax policy said on Wednesday.
Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch said levies imposed by Obamacare, including taxes on medical devices and benefit-rich health insurance polices known as “Cadillac” plans, could be tackled through tax reform or a revised healthcare bill.
“Either, as far as I’m concerned,” Hatch told reporters.  “Any way we can get rid of those, I think it’d be a good thing.”
Americans for Tax Reform, a political group in Washington that opposes all tax increases, said 21 tax hikes emerged from the 2010 Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare.
Democrats say the taxes are necessary to help moderate-to-low-income consumers obtain health coverage through private insurance and the Medicaid program for the poor and disabled.
The prospects for using tax reform to repeal Obamacare’s taxes dimmed earlier this week in the House of Representatives, when House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady said he would not include the Obamacare items in tax reform legislation his panel is expected to disclose later this year.
Hatch’s comments suggested the Senate could take a different approach on the taxes once a House tax reform bill reaches his chamber, unless a new healthcare bill surfaces first.
The House Republican healthcare bill, which would have repealed nearly $900 billion in Obamacare taxes over a decade, was pulled from consideration last Friday because Republicans lacked the votes to pass it.
Republicans say they are determined to revisit the topic, and President Donald Trump told senators on Tuesday that he expected lawmakers to reach a deal on healthcare.




ARTICLE
March 30, 2017
TOKYO (Reuters) – U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross is expected to join Vice President Mike Pence for a bilateral economic dialogue in Tokyo next month, a Japanese government official with direct knowledge of preparations said on Thursday, dashing Tokyo’s hope of leaving thorny issues on trade off the negotiating table.
Participants of the dialogue, led by Pence and Japanese Deputy Prime Minister Taro Aso, will hold their first round of talks in Tokyo on April 18 to discuss issues ranging from macroeconomic policy, infrastructure investment and trade.
The dialogue will be a major test of U.S. President Donald Trump’s confrontational approach to trade. Senior administration officials, including Ross, have signaled they would press Japan to remove non-tarrif trade barriers and buy more U.S. products.
Japan, which proposed the dialogue, had hoped to keep contentious issues like auto and agriculture trade out of the talks by proposing an agenda focused on infrastructure investment and energy.
One of Tokyo’s strategy was to keep the bilateral dialogue as informal as possible so Aso can deal directly with Pence, who is regarded as having a less confrontational view on trade compared with others in the Trump administration, Japanese government officials said.
“The agenda is vague now, but if friction comes up in the future, our plan is to say let’s discuss that in the Aso-Pence dialogue and then use the dialogue to diffuse any problems,” one of the officials said on condition of anonymity as he was not authorized to speak publicly.
The participation of Ross heightens the chance the dialogue would serve as a venue to discuss a bilateral trade deal, which could put Japan under U.S. pressure to open up heavily-protected areas like agriculture and pharmaceuticals, the officials said.
Hiroshige Seko, Japan’s ministry of economy, trade and industry, and Foreign Minister Fumiko Kishida will also join the dialogue, the government officials said.
Ross has been known to have close ties with Japan, having led a firm investing in the country since 1997 and serving as chairman of the Japan Society – a non-profit organization promoting bilateral relations, since 2010.




ARTICLE
March 30, 2017
By Chris Kahn
NEW YORK (Reuters) – Republicans mostly blame the U.S. Congress, and not President Donald Trump or party leaders, for failing to pass their party’s healthcare overhaul, according to a Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll released on Wednesday.
The March 25-28 poll asked who should take responsibility for the failure of the American Health Care Act (AHCA), which Republican leaders pulled from consideration last week without a vote.
Besides Trump, who backed the bill, and House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan, who was expected to shepherd it through Congress, the poll asked if people blamed House Republicans, House Democrats or the media.
Republicans were most likely to blame Congress. Some 26 percent said House Democrats were most responsible and 23 percent blamed House Republicans. Another 13 percent blamed Trump and 10 percent blamed Ryan. Only 8 percent blamed the media. (Graphic: http://tmsnrt.rs/2nhOmjI PDF link: http://tmsnrt.rs/2nhtM30)
Their assessment appeared to align with Trump’s criticism of Democratic leaders and the conservative Freedom Caucus, whom he blamed for the bill’s failure.
Overall, nearly one in four Americans, including Democrats and independents, blamed Trump. Ryan, Congress and the media received less criticism.
The Republican reform was widely criticized after estimates by the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office showed 24 million people could lose their health insurance over the next 10 years.
Trump said on Tuesday he still thinks healthcare reform can happen “very quickly” in Washington, but he did not offer any specifics on how it could get done, or what would be changed from the previous bill.
Nearly half of all Americans said they would like to see that happen, though the response was split along party lines. Some 80 percent of Republicans said they would like to see their party take another swing at a bill, compared with only 25 percent of Democrats.
In a separate poll conducted between Jan.7-23, 46 percent of Americans wanted to keep Obamacare, the popular name for President Barack Obama’s healthcare reform, while fixing “problem areas,” and another 8 percent wanted to keep it exactly as it is.
The Reuters/Ipsos poll was conducted online in English in all 50 states. The March 25-28 poll included 1,332 people, including 456 Republicans and 558 Democrats. It has a credibility interval, a measure of accuracy, of 3 percentage points for the entire group and 5 percentage points for Democrats and Republicans.




ARTICLE
March 30, 2017
By David Shepardson
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The Republican chairman of the U.S. Federal Communications Commission is expected to unveil proposed reforms on Thursday to the $45 billion business data services market just four months after his Democratic predecessor abandoned a reform plan.
FCC Chairman Ajit Pai is set to announce reforms but will not propose completely deregulating the market, two officials briefed on the plan said. The proposal is set to be discussed at the FCC’s April meeting.
An FCC spokesman declined to comment.
Small businesses, schools, libraries and others rely on business data services, or special-access lines, to transmit large amounts of data quickly, for instance connecting banks to ATM machines or gasoline pump credit card readers.
Special-access lines are used by offices, retailers, banks, manufacturers, schools and hospitals to move large amounts of data, and wireless carriers rely on them for the backhaul of mobile traffic.
Major telecommunications and cable companies have met with FCC staff in recent weeks to talk about the issue, according to FCC records.
Under President Barack Obama, then-FCC chairman Tom Wheeler in April 2016 proposed a sweeping reform plan for business data services that aimed to reduce prices paid for services. Wheeler abandoned the proposal in November after Donald Trump was elected president.
The data services market is an important business for AT&T Inc, CenturyLink Inc (CTL.N), Frontier Communications Corp and Verizon Communications Inc (VZ.N), while Sprint Corp and other companies that use the lines say they are being overcharged.
Wheeler had proposed maintaining and lowering lower price caps using legacy data systems with a one-time 11 percent reduction in prices phased in over three years.
The proposal came under criticism from AT&T and the Communications Workers of America union.
Sprint, which backed Wheeler’s proposal, told the FCC in a March 22 letter that “thousands of large and small businesses across the country are paying far too much for broadband because of inadequate competition.”
Sprint argued “a small handful of companies are overcharging the very investors and employers that are critical to our economic growth and are using anticompetitive tactics to ensure that these businesses never have access to competitive alternatives.”
AT&T argued Wheeler’s plan was “little more than a wealth transfer to companies that have chosen not to invest in last mile fiber infrastructure.”
In a March 13 letter, AT&T suggested the FCC largely deregulate the market but leave rules in place where there is no competition.
CenturyLink and Frontier in a March 20 filing urged the FCC to completely deregulate the market.




ARTICLE
March 30, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Ivanka Trump said on Wednesday she would work in the White House in an unpaid, informal advisory role to the president as she sought to allay ethics concerns about working there.
“I have heard the concerns some have with my advising the president in my personal capacity while voluntarily complying with all ethics rules and I will instead serve as an unpaid employee in the White House office, subject to all of the same rules as other federal employees,” she said in a statement.
Questions about possible conflicts of interest arose after it was announced on March 20 that Trump, 35, would become an informal adviser to her father, President Donald Trump, with an office in the West Wing.
She has been an increasingly influential adviser to the president and her husband, Jared Kushner, is a powerful Trump adviser.




ARTICLE
March 29, 2017
By Patricia Zengerle
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – President Donald Trump’s administration has informed Congress of its plan to pursue the $5 billion sale to Bahrain of 19 Lockheed Martin F-16 aircraft and related equipment, which was held up last year by concerns about human rights, a congressional source said on Wednesday.
The State Department originally notified Congress of the sale last September during President Barack Obama’s administration. It was pulled back because of concerns that Bahrain had not made promised improvements to its human rights record.
The Trump administration has separated the human rights issues from the transfer, the source said.
Members of Congress were not immediately available to comment on whether they would object to the sale over human rights concerns this time.
The $4.867 billion sale includes the aircraft, 23 engines, radars and other avionics, air-to-air and air-to-ground ordnance and related equipment.
The latest notice sent to Congress provides for 40 days of additional congressional review, then a formal notice to Congress as required by the Arms Export Control Act, after which the licenses for the sale would be approved.
Lockheed Martin declined comment.





ARTICLE
March 29, 2017
By Valerie Volcovici
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The U.S. Interior Department said on Wednesday that it would form a new committee to review royalty rates collected from oil and gas drilling, coal mining and renewable energy production on federal lands to ensure taxpayers receive their full value.
Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke said the committee would advise him on whether the government is getting a fair price from companies that lease public land for energy and natural resource development.
The committee will replace the process put in place by former Interior Secretary Sally Jewell to review and overhaul the federal coal leasing program.
“The programmatic review put in place (by Jewell) was costly and unnecessary,” Zinke told reporters on Wednesday.
“I have established a royalty policy committee to provide advice to me about how we value collections across the board,” he said.
In January 2016, the administration of former Democratic President Barack Obama began a multiyear review of the federal coal leasing program after government and watchdog reports found Interior’s Bureau of Land Management was not properly accounting for the fair market value of coal.
It also ordered a moratorium on new coal leases for at least three years during the review, which Republican President Donald Trump officially rescinded in the executive order on energy he signed Tuesday.
Zinke’s committee will instead get recommendations on adjusting royalty rates for coal, as well as oil and gas, from a panel of up to 28 members.
Members will include Interior Department officials, representatives of western states and Indian tribes that produce energy, energy stakeholders and academic groups who will serve three-year terms.
Federal coal, primarily from Wyoming’s Powder River Basin, accounts for more than 40 percent of all of that fuel mined in the United States and produces for 10 percent of U.S. greenhouse gas emissions.
Zinke’s predecessor Jewell said a review of the program was three decades overdue and necessary after reports called for more transparency in the leasing process.
Environmental groups raised concerns that replacing the more comprehensive review with a committee approach will mean that other core problems with federal energy leasing will not be addressed, such as transparency and boosting competition in lease sales.
“Cancelling the coal program review is a serious mistake that only harms American taxpayers, coal states and communities,” said Dan Bucks, former director of revenue for the state of Montana.





ARTICLE
March 29, 2017
By Sarah N. Lynch
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The U.S. Senate Banking Committee said on Wednesday it would vote next week on the nomination of Jay Clayton, President Donald Trump’s choice to lead the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
After the panel votes on April 4, Clayton would still need to be confirmed by the full U.S. Senate before he could be sworn in as SEC chairman.




ARTICLE
March 29, 2017
In an ethics disclosure form filed with the Department of Health and Human Services on Tuesday, Gottlieb said he would resign from multiple corporate boards including GlaxoSmithKline Plc and consulting positions.
Gottlieb’s financial ties to the healthcare industry are extensive. If confirmed he has agreed to recuse himself from matters in which he has a financial interest and divest his holdings in about 20 mostly small healthcare companies.
Gottlieb, 44, is widely expected to be confirmed, though his pharmaceutical ties are likely to be scrutinized by Democrats. For the past decade he has been a partner at New Enterprise Associates, a large venture capital fund with investments in the life sciences.
He would also resign from his position at the investment firm T.R. Winston & Co, and said he would not perform any consulting work while running the agency or participate in any matter involving previous clients for a year after last providing services to a client.
Gottlieb, a resident fellow at the conservative American Enterprise Institute think tank, is viewed favorably by the drug industry. He would be responsible for implementing key elements in the recently passed 21st Century Cures Act, which calls on the agency to streamline the drug approval process.




ARTICLE
March 29, 2017
In an ethics disclosure form filed with the Department of Health and Human Services on Tuesday, Gottlieb said he would resign from multiple corporate boards including GlaxoSmithKline Plc and consulting positions.
Gottlieb’s financial ties to the healthcare industry are extensive. If confirmed he has agreed to recuse himself from matters in which he has a financial interest and divest his holdings in about 20 mostly small healthcare companies.
Gottlieb, 44, is widely expected to be confirmed, though his pharmaceutical ties are likely to be scrutinized by Democrats. For the past decade he has been a partner at New Enterprise Associates, a large venture capital fund with investments in the life sciences.
He would also resign from his position at the investment firm T.R. Winston & Co, and said he would not perform any consulting work while running the agency or participate in any matter involving previous clients for a year after last providing services to a client.
Gottlieb, a resident fellow at the conservative American Enterprise Institute think tank, is viewed favorably by the drug industry. He would be responsible for implementing key elements in the recently passed 21st Century Cures Act, which calls on the agency to streamline the drug approval process.




ARTICLE
March 29, 2017
By Dustin Volz
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – A U.S. Senate investigation into Russia’s meddling during the U.S. election should include a thorough review of any financial ties between Russia and President Donald Trump and his associates, Democratic senator Ron Wyden said Wednesday.
In a formal written request made to the leaders of the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee, Wyden said financial relationships between Trump, a real estate developer with properties around the world, and Russia are deserving of scrutiny because of resistance by Trump and some in his orbit have not been forthcoming about their finances.
“Efforts to understand these relationships and to separate fact from speculation have been hampered by the opacity of the finances of President Trump and his associates,” Wyden, who also sits on the intelligence panel, wrote to Republican Richard Burr and Democrat Mark Warner.
The letter, though devoid of new details, is the latest piece of evidence suggesting Trump’s business dealings are attracting expanded interest from investigators amid a raft of new reports scrutinizing potential financial entanglements between the president and Russia.
Trump has declined to release his tax returns, bucking decades of precedent for presidents and presidential candidates.
The letter followed new disclosures in recent weeks of previously unknown meetings and financial arrangements between Trump’s associates and wealthy Russians, and came as Democrats attempt to focus public attention on questions about Trump’s connections to Russia.
On Monday, the state development bank Vnesheconombank disclosed that its executives had met Jared Kushner, Trump’s son-in-law and a top White House adviser, in December. And last week Paul Manafort, Trump’s former campaign chairman, admitted he had done business work for Russian billionaire Oleg Deripaska.
Trump has repeatedly insisted allegations that he or members of his administration have an untoward relationship with Russia as “fake news.” He has also said that he has no business deals in Russia.
A Reuters investigation published earlier this month found that dozens of members of the Russian elite have bought at least $98.4 million worth of property in seven Trump-branded luxury towers in southern Florida, according to public documents, interviews and corporate records.
Wyden has repeatedly tried to push into public light more information about U.S. investigations into Russia’s role in the 2016 election.
He organized a two-sentence letter from seven senators to the White House last November asking the outgoing Obama administration to declassify additional information about Russia’s interference in the election. Then-president Barack Obama announced a review of Russia’s activities soon after.
U.S. intelligence agencies later released a review of its assessment of Russia’s multi-pronged influence campaign, concluding Moscow’s actions were intended to help Trump win and discredit his opponent, Democrat Hillary Clinton. Russia has denied the allegations.
Wyden in January also asked Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey if his agency was investigating links between Russia and associates of Trump. Comey declined to answer, but last week confirmed the FBI was probing possible ties.
Examining finances has long been within the purview of the oversight role of the intelligence panel, Wyden wrote, citing a recent committee report said that “financial intelligence has emerged as a significant area of (intelligence community) activity, aiming to ‘follow the money’ of adversaries.”




ARTICLE
March 28, 2017
Washington, D.C. – Trey Yingst, OAN Chief White House Correspondent
President Trump held a listening session on Wednesday at the White House to address the opioid epidemic in the United States.
As a result of the meeting, President Trump appointed New Jersey governor Chris Christie to lead a new commission tasked with ending drug abuse.
Press Secretary Sean Spicer said during the press briefing that the President wants to end the flow of drugs into the United States and also address the addiction many have to prescription pain pills.
Part of the listening session included the President speaking with survivors of addition. One of those survivors was AJ Solomon, who is found of Victory Bay Recovery Center.
“Having people in recovery there to share their stories and raise awareness was very important,” Solomon said
In order to address the drug abuse issue from all angles, President Trump also spoke with Attorney General Jeff Sessions and the Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly to hear their ideas for the newly formed commission.



ARTICLE
March 29, 2017
New York, NY – Claire Hardwick, OAN Political Correspondent
David Daleiden and Sandra Merritt, who recorded undercover videos that showed top officials at Planned Parenthood talk about the sale of aborted baby parts, were charged with 15 felonies in the state of California.
A citizen journalist and the founder of Project Veritas, James O’Keefe, said the indictment of David Daleiden and his coworker Sandra Merritt over Planned Parenthood videos, is deeply concerning.
O’Keefe said the California Justice Department has become deeply politicized.
And the decision to go after David Daleiden and Sandra Merritt is politically motivated.
“It’s a national disgrace that they would go after someone like David, who put himself on the line spent a year of his own time put his own money investigating Planned Parenthood,” O’Keefe said.
O’Keefe said the California government is going after Daleiden and Merritt because of what he exposed about Planned Parenthood.
And is trying to send a clear message to others who might do the same.



ARTICLE
March 29, 2017
New York, NY – Claire Hardwick, OAN Political Correspondent
While Attorney General Eric Schneiderman is investigating ExxonMobil, the New York State Republican Party Chairman Ed Cox said the probe is” purely political.”
Cox said the Attorney General’s role should be apolitical.
But instead, Attorney General Eric Schneiderman is using his power for political purposes instead of rendering justice.
“It was mere harassment of a major oil company in order to please his major donors and other members of the environmental movement. that’s not what he should be doing. it was a witch hunt in search of a case,” Cox said.
Attorney General Eric Schneiderman has been investigating ExxonMobil since 2015, and most recently, has ordered the company to hand over emails from former CEO Rex Tillerson’s alias account to other executives.
In a letter to the Supreme Court, ExxonMobil’s lawyers wrote that to date, ExxonMobil produced more than 2.4 million documents in connection to this investigation, and that so far, the “NYAG has found no evidence of the far flung campaign.”



ARTICLE
March 29, 2017
By Lawrence Hurley and Richard Cowan
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said on Tuesday that the Senate would have a final vote on April 7 on President Donald Trump’s nominee for the Supreme Court, Neil Gorsuch, even as more Democrats opposed his confirmation
The Gorsuch nomination, McConnell told reporters, will hit the Senate floor next week after the Senate Judiciary Committee on Monday approves him. McConnell added that Gorsuch will be “confirmed on Friday” of next week.
Senate Republicans continued to put the pressure on Democrats to lend enough support to Colorado appeals court judge Gorsuch to avoid a showdown that in turn could trigger McConnell to seek a change in Senate rules that would clear away a Democratic blockade against the nomination.
So far, about 26 of the 48 Democratic senators have publicly announced opposition to Gorsuch. Most of that group backs a growing effort to block a confirmation vote through the use of a procedural hurdle called a filibuster.
Sixty votes in the 100-seat Senate would be needed to stop a filibuster and allow a confirmation vote on Gorsuch. The confirmation would require a simple majority in favor. Republicans control the Senate 52-48.
Some Senate Republican aides suggested that if Democrats block a confirmation vote, McConnell might move quickly to change the rules. It was unclear, however, if he had enough votes to do so
Democratic Senate leader Chuck Schumer told reporters that Gorsuch will face an uphill climb to get the 60 votes he would need to avoid a showdown over Senate rules.
“The bottom line is very simple, and that is that Gorsuch did not acquit himself well at the hearings and did not impress our caucus,” Schumer said, accusing Gorsuch of siding with  powerful interests and expressing concerns about his independence from the president.
“It’s going to be a real uphill climb for him to get those 60 votes,” Schumer told reporters.
Trump is seeking to avoid another setback in Congress after major healthcare legislation he supported was pulled from the House of Representatives floor amid opposition within his own party on Friday.
The confirmation of Gorsuch, 49, would restore the nine-seat court’s conservative majority, a major campaign promise for Trump.
The Senate Judiciary Committee oversaw a four-day confirmation hearing for Gorsuch last week.




ARTICLE
March 28, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – House of Representatives Republican leaders said on Tuesday they still intended to repeal and replace Obamacare after their White House-backed bill failed to get enough support and collapsed last week.
“The fact that our conference is more resolved than ever to repeal this law is very encouraging and we’re not going to stop until we get it done,” said House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy after a closed meeting. House Speaker Paul Ryan told reporters he would not give a timeline on any new attempt to pass healthcare legislation “because we want to get it right.”




ARTICLE
March 28, 2017

RUSSIA
House Speaker Paul Ryan stands by Devin Nunes, a Trump ally who heads the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee and is under fire for his handling of an investigation into possible Russian ties to the president’s election campaign.
Nunes says he will not divulge – even to fellow committee members – who gave him intelligence reports indicating Trump and his associates may have been ensnared in incidental intelligence collection.

CLIMATE CHANGE
Trump signs an order to undo Obama-era regulations to curb climate change, keeping a campaign promise to support the coal industry while calling into question U.S. support for an international deal to fight global warming.

BROADBAND PRIVACY RULES
The House votes 215-205 to repeal regulations requiring internet service providers to do more to protect customers’ privacy than websites like Alphabet Inc’s Google or Facebook Inc after the White House said it strongly supported the move.

BORDER WALL
Trump’s call for $1.5 billion this year to help build a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border could be in jeopardy as fellow Republicans in Congress weigh delaying a decision on the request.

SUPREME COURT
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell says the Senate will have a final vote on April 7 on Trump’s Supreme Court nominee, Neil Gorsuch, even as more Democrats oppose his confirmation.

NATO
The U.S. Senate overwhelmingly backs the expansion of NATO to allow Montenegro to join the alliance, hoping to send a message that the United States will push back against Russian efforts to increase its influence in Europe.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will press this week for NATO allies to demonstrate a “clear path” to increase defense spending, a State Department official tells reporters, speaking on condition of anonymity.

BANKING REGULATION
Republican lawmakers ask the Treasury secretary to review the process a government council uses to label non-bank institutions “too big to fail,” saying the additional capital requirements and regulations are too onerous.

WORLD LEADERS
Trump will meet with Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi at the White House next Monday, the White House says.
Trump will meet April 6-7 with Chinese President Xi Jinping at his Mar-a-Lago retreat in Florida, a source familiar with the meeting says.
Trump will attend a G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, on July 7-8, the White House says after Trump spoke by phone to German Chancellor Angela Merkel.




ARTICLE
March 28, 2017
The Missouri senator’s investigation comes amid an epidemic of opioid addiction, with 91 Americans dying everyday as a result of overdose, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
“This epidemic is the direct result of a calculated sales and marketing strategy major opioid manufacturers have allegedly pursued over the past 20 years to expand their market share,” McCaskill, the top Democrat on the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, wrote in a letter to the drugmakers. (http://bit.ly/2o7pa4p)
McCaskill asked Johnson & Johnson, Mylan NV, Purdue Pharma, Insys Therapeutics Inc and Depomed Inc for internal estimates of the risk of abuse, addiction and overdose of opioids.
The companies are the top five U.S. prescription opioid drugmakers by 2015 sales, according to McCaskill’s letter.
Depomed and Purdue Pharma said they were reviewing the letter and would respond accordingly.
Purdue also said its OxyContin painkiller made up just 2 percent of the U.S. opioid analgesic prescription market.
Johnson & Johnson said it had received the letter and would address the senator’s request.
“We believe that we have acted appropriately, responsibly and in the best interests of patients regarding our opioid pain medications,” said Jessica Castles Smith, a spokeswoman for Johnson & Johnson unit Janssen.
Mylan said it is committed to helping find solutions to the issue of opioid abuse and misuse.
“We welcome the senator’s interest in this important matter and we share her concerns regarding the misuse of prescription opioids,” a Mylan spokeswoman told Reuters in an email.




ARTICLE
March 28, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Trump administration trade officials want a revamped North American Free Trade Agreement to improve access for U.S. farm products, manufactured goods and services in Canada and Mexico, said lawmakers who met with them on Tuesday.
Members of the House of Representatives Ways and Means Committee met with Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross and acting U.S. Trade Representative Stephen Vaughn to discuss the administration’s plans for renegotiating the 23-year-old trade deal.
Representative Bill Pascrell, a New Jersey Democrat, said Ross told lawmakers in the closed-door session that the administration was still aiming to complete NAFTA renegotiations by the end of 2017.
That time frame is viewed by some members as “ambitious,” especially because it is not clear when the administration will formally notify Congress of its intention to launch NAFTA renegotiations, Pascrell said.
The notification will trigger a 90-day consultation period before substantial talks can begin. Tuesday’s meeting was a legal requirement to prepare the notification and preserve the “fast track” authority for approving a renegotiated deal with only an up-or-down vote in Congress.
President Donald Trump has long vilified NAFTA as draining millions of manufacturing jobs to Mexico, and he has vowed to quit the trade pact unless it can be renegotiated to shrink U.S. trade deficits.
Lawmakers said Ross and Vaughn discussed broad negotiating objectives, but did not get into specific issues such as U.S. access to Canada’s dairy sector or rules of origin for parts used on North American-assembled vehicles.
House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady told reporters that market access, modernizing NAFTA and “holding trading partners accountable” were key objectives articulated by Ross and Vaughn
“They were very clear, they want to open access in ag, manufacturing and services as well, so they want this to be a 21st century agreement,” Brady said.
Spokesmen for the Commerce Department and USTR were not immediately available for comment on the meeting.
Lawmakers said the administration has not settled on the form of the negotiations, whether NAFTA will remain a tri-lateral agreement or whether it would be split into two bilateral trade deals.
“My sense is that they are not prejudging the form, they are focused on the substance of the agreement itself with Mexico and Canada,” Brady said.
Some lawmakers expressed frustration that the Trump officials were short on specific answers.
“I wouldn’t exactly call this meeting as moving the ball forward very much,” said Representative Ron Kind, a Wisconsin Democrat.




ARTICLE
March 28, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump will meet with Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi at the White House on April 3, the White House said on Tuesday.
They will discuss how to defeat Islamic State militants and efforts to pursue peace and stability in the region, the White House said in a statement.




ARTICLE
March 28, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said on Tuesday that President Donald Trump’s nominee for the Supreme Court, Judge Neil Gorsuch, will face an uphill climb to get the 60 votes he will need for confirmation.
“The bottom line is very simple, and that is that Gorsuch did not acquit himself well at the hearings and did not impress our caucus,” Schumer said, accusing Gorsuch of siding with  powerful interests and expressing concerns about his independence from the president.
“It’s going to be a real uphill climb for him to get those 60 votes,” Schumer told reporters.


March 28, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said on Tuesday that President Donald Trump’s nominee for the Supreme Court, Judge Neil Gorsuch, will face an uphill climb to get the 60 votes he will need for confirmation.
“The bottom line is very simple, and that is that Gorsuch did not acquit himself well at the hearings and did not impress our caucus,” Schumer said, accusing Gorsuch of siding with  powerful interests and expressing concerns about his independence from the president.
“It’s going to be a real uphill climb for him to get those 60 votes,” Schumer told reporters.





ARTICLE
March 28, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said on Tuesday that President Donald Trump’s nominee for the Supreme Court, Judge Neil Gorsuch, will face an uphill climb to get the 60 votes he will need for confirmation.
“The bottom line is very simple, and that is that Gorsuch did not acquit himself well at the hearings and did not impress our caucus,” Schumer said, accusing Gorsuch of siding with  powerful interests and expressing concerns about his independence from the president.
“It’s going to be a real uphill climb for him to get those 60 votes,” Schumer told reporters.


March 28, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said on Tuesday that President Donald Trump’s nominee for the Supreme Court, Judge Neil Gorsuch, will face an uphill climb to get the 60 votes he will need for confirmation.
“The bottom line is very simple, and that is that Gorsuch did not acquit himself well at the hearings and did not impress our caucus,” Schumer said, accusing Gorsuch of siding with  powerful interests and expressing concerns about his independence from the president.
“It’s going to be a real uphill climb for him to get those 60 votes,” Schumer told reporters.





ARTICLE
March 28, 2017
By David Lawder
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The top Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee asked the government ethics watchdog on Monday to review comments by Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin plugging “The Lego Batman Movie,” a film one of his companies produced, for a possible ethics violation.
In a letter to Office of Government Ethics Director Walter Shaub, Senator Ron Wyden said he was concerned that Mnuchin had violated his ethics agreement signed in January in his comments on Friday at the end of a live interview with the Axios news website.
Mnuchin had agreed to divest his interests in Ratpac-Dune Entertainment Holdings LLC within 120 days of his confirmation, and “not participate personally and substantially in any matter that has a direct and predictable effect on the financial interests of the entity” unless first obtaining a waiver.
RatPac-Dune, co-founded by Mnuchin with producer-director Brett Rattner and media billionaire James Packer, has produced and financed a number of Hollywood hits in recent years, including “Avatar,” “Mad Max: Fury Road” and “The Lego Batman Movie.”
At the Axios event, Mnuchin was asked in a question from a reader for a movie recommendation.
“I’m not allowed to promote anything that I’m involved in.  So I just want to have the legal disclosure, you’ve asked me the question, and I am not promoting any product,” Mnuchin said. “But you should send all your kids to ‘Lego Batman.'”
The comment drew laughter from the audience at the Washington event.
Wyden said the Finance Committee had received no notifications regarding Mnuchin’s holdings in RatPac-Dune and assumed the Treasury chief still held that interest.
“I am concerned that Sec. Mnuchin’s comments, may be seen to have a predictable effect on the financial interests” of RatPac-Dune, Wyden said in his letter.
In a statement, a Treasury spokesman said: “As his statement reflects, the Secretary clearly recognized that he generally may not promote private interests and specifically gave the legal disclosure that he was not promoting a movie, but answering a question he was asked directly.”
The OGE recommended last month that the White House should consider disciplinary action against President Donald Trump’s adviser Kellyanne Conway for her on-air comment on Fox News Channel promoting the clothing and jewelry line of Trump’s daughter Ivanka Trump. Conway said people “should go buy Ivanka’s stuff.”
The White House later told the ethics watchdog that Conway had acted “inadvertently” and without “nefarious motive or intent to benefit personally.”





ARTICLE
March 28, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – A Republican-controlled committee of lawmakers approved a bill on Tuesday to allow a congressional audit of Federal Reserve monetary policy, a proposal Fed policymakers have opposed and which faces an uncertain path to final approval.
Democrats uniformly spoke against the proposal during a meeting of the House of Representatives Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, suggesting the bill would face stronger resistance than in the past.
“We should not in any way hinder their independence,” said Representative Carolyn Maloney, a New York Democrat, echoing the sentiment of Fed policymakers who say they could come under political pressure to avoid making unpopular decisions such as raising interest rates to slow growth and control inflation.
The next step for the bill would be a floor vote by the entire House, where Republicans hold a solid majority.
Republican President Donald Trump expressed support for audits of the U.S. central bank during his election campaign, but it remained unclear whether the White House would back the proposal.
Republicans proposed numerous bills during the Obama administration to open the Fed up to deeper scrutiny, arguing the added transparency would ensure the Fed was accountable and free of outside influence.
Currently, the Fed publishes detailed audits of its finances but it keeps the inner workings of its monetary policy deliberations secret, publishing transcripts of policy meetings only with a five-year lag.
The proposal approved on Tuesday would “put an end to that reign of secrecy,” said Representative Thomas Massie, the Kentucky Republican who submitted the bill.
The House has already passed versions of the bill twice, with dozens of Democrats joining nearly unanimous Republican support in 2012 and 2014. Those versions of the legislation died in the Senate.
Republicans control both houses of Congress but only have a narrow majority in the Senate.
Representative Stephen Lynch of Massachusetts was among Democrats who voted in favor of similar legislation in 2012 and 2014 but came out against the current proposal, saying it could lead to political interference at the Fed.
Lynch said he hoped a compromise could be found that increased transparency at the Fed, such as by requiring it to publish transcripts of policy meetings two years after they take place.




ARTICLE
March 28, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump spoke by phone to Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday and said he looked forward to playing host to a visit by Modi to Washington later this year.
The White House said Trump spoke with Modi to congratulate him on the outcome of recent state-level elections. Trump expressed support for Modi’s economic reform agenda.
“President Trump also said he looks forward to hosting Prime Minister Modi in Washington later this year,” the White House said in a statement. No date for the visit was mentioned.




ARTICLE
March 28, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump spoke by phone to Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday and said he looked forward to playing host to a visit by Modi to Washington later this year.
The White House said Trump spoke with Modi to congratulate him on the outcome of recent state-level elections. Trump expressed support for Modi’s economic reform agenda.
“President Trump also said he looks forward to hosting Prime Minister Modi in Washington later this year,” the White House said in a statement. No date for the visit was mentioned.




ARTICLE
March 28, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump will attend a Group of 20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, on July 7 and 8, the White House said on Tuesday after Trump spoke by phone with German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
A statement said Trump spoke to Merkel to congratulate her on the outcome of a closely watched German election in the western state of Saarland, which Merkel’s conservatives won in a boost to her prospects of winning a fourth term in September’s national election.
“The two leaders also used the occasion to reflect on the chancellor’s March 17 visit to the White House. The president said he looked forward to visiting Hamburg, Germany for the G20 summit on July 7 and 8,” the White House statement said.





ARTICLE
March 28, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – House of Representatives Republican leaders said on Tuesday they still intended to repeal and replace Obamacare after their White House-backed bill failed to get enough support and collapsed last week.
“The fact that our conference is more resolved than ever to repeal this law is very encouraging and we’re not going to stop until we get it done,” said House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy after a closed meeting. House Speaker Paul Ryan told reporters he would not give a timeline on any new attempt to pass healthcare legislation “because we want to get it right.”




ARTICLE
March 28, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – House of Representatives Republican leaders said on Tuesday they still intended to repeal and replace Obamacare after their White House-backed bill failed to get enough support and collapsed last week.
“The fact that our conference is more resolved than ever to repeal this law is very encouraging and we’re not going to stop until we get it done,” said House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy after a closed meeting. House Speaker Paul Ryan told reporters he would not give a timeline on any new attempt to pass healthcare legislation “because we want to get it right.”




ARTICLE
March 28, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes on Tuesday said his panel’s probe into Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election would continue to move forward.
Speaking to reporters on Capitol Hill, Nunes was asked if asked if he would recuse himself from panel’s probe but he declined to answer directly. “The investigation continues,” Nunes told CNN, NBC and other media outlets.




ARTICLE
March 28, 2017
Washington, D.C. – Trey Yingst, OAN Chief White House Correspondent
Secret Service placed the White House on lockdown today after a man claimed to have a bomb outside the North entrance gates.
The incident started around before 11am, outside the Treasury building next to the White House.
A Secret Service agent told One America News that a man approached a crowd of people, claiming to have an explosive. Secret Service immediately evacuated the surrounding area and arrested the man. The suspect, described as a middle aged male, had a warrant out for his arrest, the agent said.
“He is claiming he has a bomb,” the agent told One America News as the incident unfolded.
According to the agent, a bomb squad then sent a robot to examine the package that the suspect was carrying.
Once it was determined that it did not contain a bomb, the lockdown was lifted.
 
 



ARTICLE
March 28, 2017
By Elena Fabrichnaya, Steve Holland and Patricia Zengerle
MOSCOW/WASHINGTON (Reuters) – A Russian bank under Western economic sanctions over Russia’s incursion into Ukraine disclosed on Monday that its executives had met Jared Kushner, President Donald Trump’s son-in-law and a top White House adviser, in December.
A U.S. Senate committee investigating suspected Russian interference in the election wants to interview Trump associates, including Kushner, 36, who is married to Trump’s daughter Ivanka Trump and has agreed to testify.
Kushner previously acknowledged meeting the Russian ambassador to Washington last December and only on Monday did it emerge that executives of Russian state development bank Vnesheconombank (VEB) had talks with Kushner during a bank roadshow last year.
The bank said in an emailed statement that as part of its preparing a new strategy, its executives met representatives of financial institutes in Europe, Asia and America.
It said roadshow meetings took place “with a number of representatives of the largest banks and business establishments of the United States, including Jared Kushner, the head of Kushner Companies.” VEB declined to say where the meetings took place or the dates.
There was no immediate comment from Kushner.
Allegations by U.S. intelligence agencies that Russian actors were behind hacking of senior Democratic Party operatives and spreading disinformation linger over Trump’s young presidency. Democrats charge the Russians wanted to tilt the election toward the Republican, a claim dismissed by Trump. Russia denies the allegations.
But there has been no doubt that the Russian ambassador to the United States, Sergei Kislyak, developed contacts among the Trump team. Trump’s first national security adviser, Michael Flynn, was forced to resign on Feb. 13 after revelations that he had discussed U.S. sanctions on Russia with Kislyak and misled Vice President Mike Pence about the conversations.
U.S. officials said that after meeting with Russian Kislyak at Trump Tower last December, a meeting also attended by Flynn, Kushner met later in December with Sergei Gorkov, chairman of Vnesheconombank.
White House spokeswoman Hope Hicks confirmed the meetings, saying nothing of consequence was discussed.
Gorkov was appointed head of VEB in early 2016 by Russian President Vladimir Putin. He graduated from the Federal Security Service, or FSB, Russia’s internal security agency. He was awarded the Medal of the Order of Merit for Services to the Fatherland, according to the bank’s website.
According to two congressional staffers, some Senate investigators want to question Kushner and Flynn about whether they discussed with Gorkov or other Russian officials or financial executives the possibility of investing in 666 Fifth Avenue in New York or other Kushner Co or Trump properties if the new administration lifted the sanctions.
VEB, aside from being under sanctions, has been grappling with bad debt after financing politically expedient projects such as construction for the Sochi Winter Olympics.
It received 150 billion rubles ($2.6 billion) in support from the Russian budget in 2016, when its senior management was sacked and replaced by a team of executives from Russia’s biggest lender Sberbank.
In an article posted on Dec. 18, Forbes estimated that Jared Kushner, his brother Josh and his parents, Charles and Seryl, have a fortune of at least $1.8 billion, more than half of which Forbes estimates is held in real estate.
Forbes did not provide a specific estimate for Jared Kushner’s net worth on his own.

FOREIGN CONTACTS
On Monday, White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters that Kushner is willing to testify to the Senate Intelligence Committee chaired by U.S. Senator Richard Burr, a North Carolina Republican.
“Throughout the campaign and the transition, Jared served as the official primary point of contact with foreign governments and officials … and so, given this role, he volunteered to speak with Chairman Burr’s committee,” Spicer told reporters at his daily briefing.
The Republican and Democratic leaders of the Senate panel also said Kushner had agreed to be interviewed but no date had yet been scheduled.
Simply meeting with representatives of a U.S.-sanctioned entity is not a violation of sanctions or against the law.
Evgeny Buryakov, 41, a Russian citizen who worked at Vnesheconombank and whom U.S. authorities accused of posing as a banker while participating in a New York spy ring, pleaded guilty to a criminal conspiracy charge in March 2016. Buryakov admitted in federal court in Manhattan to acting as an agent for the Russian government without notifying U.S. authorities.
He was prosecuted by the office of the U.S. attorney in Manhattan under Preet Bharara, who was among several chief prosecutors fired or asked to resign earlier this month by the new administration.

CLASSIFIED INFORMATION
Also on Monday, a mystery rooted in Trump’s claim that he was wiretapped by then President Barack Obama during the election campaign deepened with the disclosure that a top congressional Republican reviewed classified information on the White House grounds about potential surveillance of some Trump campaign associates.
U.S. Representative Devin Nunes, chairman of the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee, visited the White House the night before he announced on Wednesday that he had information that indicated some Trump associates may have been subjected to some level of intelligence activity before Trump took office on Jan. 20.
Democrats have said Nunes, who was a member of Trump’s transition team, can no longer run a credible investigation of Russian hacking, the U.S. election and any potential involvement by Trump associates.
House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi and Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, have urged Nunes to recuse himself from the Russia probe.
Nunes told CNN on Monday that he went to the White House grounds because the intelligence information was not available to Congress. He said he did not meet with Trump or his aides at that time and did not coordinate the release of information with the Trump administration.
Nunes spokesman Jack Langer said in a statement that Nunes  “met with his source at the White House grounds in order to have proximity to a secure location where he could view the information provided by the source.”
White House spokesman Spicer did not shed any light on who at the White House helped Nunes gain access to a secure location.
It was the latest twist in a saga that began on March 4 when Trump said on Twitter without providing evidence that he “just found out that Obama had my ‘wires tapped’ in Trump Tower just before the victory.”
FBI Director James Comey told Congress last Monday he had seen no evidence to support the claim.





ARTICLE
March 28, 2017
By Lawrence Hurley
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Democratic opposition to President Donald Trump’s U.S. Supreme Court nominee grew on Monday while the White House demanded a “fair, up-or-down vote” in the Senate on confirming Neil Gorsuch to the lifetime post.
Four more Democratic senators added their support to a growing effort to block a confirmation vote through the use of a filibuster. That procedural hurdle requires 60 votes in the 100-seat Senate to allow a confirmation vote by a simple majority. Republicans control the Senate 52-48.
There are now 20 senators who have backed Democratic leader Chuck Schumer’s filibuster call – up from 16 on Friday.
Senator Joe Manchin, however, announced on Monday that he opposes a filibuster, according to an aide, and Senator Heidi Heitkamp also indicated she would oppose it.
“It’s my duty to fully consider any Supreme Court nominee, regardless of which party is in the White House,” she said in a statement.
Democratic opposition to Gorsuch could prompt a Senate showdown over the confirmation of the conservative appeals court judge from Colorado, but Republicans could change the Senate’s rules to disallow filibusters against Supreme Court nominees.
Trump is seeking to avoid another setback in Congress after major healthcare legislation he supported was pulled from the House of Representatives floor amid Republican opposition on Friday.
The confirmation of Gorsuch, 49, to replace Antonin Scalia, who died in February 2016, would restore the nine-seat court’s conservative majority, a major campaign promise for Trump.
The latest Senate Democrats to join the fight include Bill Nelson, who said there are “real concerns” that Gorsuch would be hostile to voting rights and support businesses over workers and consumers.
The other three Democratic senators to have newly announced their opposition were Judiciary Committee members Mazie Hirono, Al Franken and Jack Reed.
Manchin and Nelson are among 10 Democrats who conservative activists had hoped would join Republicans in preventing any attempt to block a Gorsuch vote. They are all up for re-election in 2018 in states Trump won in the 2016 presidential election.
Democrat Patrick Leahy of Vermont, also a Judiciary Committee member, said he generally opposes filibusters but added that Gorsuch would face one if he does not adequately answer written questions.
White House spokesman Sean Spicer said any attempted filibuster would be “nothing short of obstructionism.”
The committee is due to vote next Monday on sending the nomination to the full Senate.




ARTICLE
March 28, 2017
By Julia Edwards Ainsley and Andy Sullivan
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Attorney General Jeff Sessions threatened on Monday to cut off U.S. Justice Department grants to cities that fail to assist  federal immigration authorities, moving the Trump administration closer to a potential clash with leaders of America’s largest urban centers.
Sessions’ statements were aimed at a dozens of cities and other local governments, including New York, Los Angeles and Chicago, that have joined a growing “sanctuary” movement aimed at shielding illegal immigrants from stepped-up deportation efforts.
Police agencies in those jurisdictions have barred their officers from routinely checking on immigration status when making arrests or traffic stops. And they have refused to lock up individuals longer than otherwise warranted at the request of federal agents seeking to deport them.
Trump administration officials says the deportation crackdown is focused on illegal immigrants convicted of serious crimes. They insist public safety is jeopardized when police refuse to notify U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement of plans to release such a person from local custody.
“Failure to deport aliens who are convicted of criminal offenses puts whole communities at risk, especially immigrant communities in the very sanctuary jurisdictions that seek to protect the perpetrators,” Sessions said at a White House news briefing.
His threat to withhold grants as punishment drew swift condemnation from California and New York officials.
California Senate leader Kevin de Leon, a Los Angeles Democrat, called Sessions’ threat “nothing short of blackmail,” accusing of “race-based scapegoating” in its crackdown on immigrants.
Critics also argue that enlisting police cooperation in rounding up immigrants for removal undermines communities’ trust in local police, particularly among Latinos. And they question whether the administration is really targeting dangerous criminals.
President Donald Trump, who made tougher immigration enforcement a cornerstone of his campaign, directed the government to cut off funding to sanctuary jurisdictions in a Jan. 25 executive order. That order has yet to be put into effect, but Sessions’ announcement seemed to be the first step in doing so.
The Justice Department grants typically are used to help police improve crime-fighting techniques, buy new equipment and assist victims of crime.
Sessions may find his ability to sway local decision-making through the Justice Department’s purse is limited, because only a fraction of its grant dollars flow directly to city and county governments.
Federal records show the Justice Department doled out $1 billion to state governments and $430 million to nonprofits, but only $136 million directly to cities and counties last year.
New York state Attorney General Eric Schneiderman said his office would continue helping local governments “have the tools they need to protect their immigrant communities.”

LOCAL DEFIANCE
Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti, whose city is home to one of the largest U.S. immigrant communities, also denounced Sessions’ threat to use funding as a form of coercion.
“L.A.’s values are not for sale,” Garcetti said. “Slashing funds for first responders, for our port and airport, for counterterrorism, crime-fighting and community-building serves no one.”
So far no state has adopted policies barring cooperation with immigration authorities, though Maryland’s Democratic-controlled House of Delegates approved such legislation last week. The state’s Republican governor, Larry Hogan, has said he would veto the bill.
California’s De Leon is backing a bill that would essentially make all of the most populous U.S. state a sanctuary, but he does not currently have the votes to pass it.
Sessions sought to frame the debate as a public-safety issue, citing the case of a woman shot to death in San Francisco two years ago by illegal immigrant who had already been deported five times and had seven felony convictions.
San Francisco may not be affected by the new restrictions, as the city and county received no funding from the department in the most recent fiscal year.
However, Sessions’ order could impact other jurisdictions. New Orleans, Philadelphia, Chicago and New York City – all singled out as possibly noncompliant by an inspector general’s report last year – collectively received $15 million in Justice Department grants.
According to Trump’s executive order, Sessions would have to wait until the Homeland Security Department determines what constitutes a “sanctuary city” before funding is restricted. DHS last week reported roughly 120 cities and counties that it deems uncooperative, though the agency has not finalized the list.
Sal Tinajero, council member of the California sanctuary city of Santa Ana, questioned whether Sessions even had the authority to make good on his threat.
“How do you take money away that Congress has already voted to allocate? You can’t. Congress has to take another vote,” he said.




ARTICLE
March 28, 2017

JARED KUSHNER
A Russian bank under Western economic sanctions over Russia’s incursion into Ukraine discloses that its executives had met Jared Kushner, Trump’s son-in-law and a top White House adviser, during the 2016 election campaign.
Kushner, already a White House senior adviser, will take on the additional task of overseeing an effort to overhaul the federal government, the White House says.

RUSSIA
Representative Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House of Representatives’ Intelligence Committee, says committee Chairman Devin Nunes should recuse himself from any further involvement in the panel’s investigation of Russian involvement in the 2016 election.
Nunes says he did not meet with Trump or his aides when he viewed intelligence information on the White House grounds last week.

TAX CUTS
The White House will take a lead role in crafting legislation to overhaul the U.S. tax code, eyeing an August target date as Trump seeks his first legislative victory following the failure last week of a long-promised bill to undo Obamacare.
The Republican-controlled House will not seek to repeal Obamacare taxes as a part of expected tax reform legislation, the top House Republican on tax policy says.

SUPREME COURT NOMINEE
Democratic opposition to Trump’s U.S. Supreme Court nominee grows while the White House demands a “fair up-or-down vote” in the Senate on confirming Neil Gorsuch to the lifetime post. [L2N1H41SH]

FINANCIAL MARKETS
Stocks, the dollar and U.S. long-dated Treasury yields steady after sharp drops, as investors hope Trump will be able to bolster the economy despite a defeat over healthcare reform.

IMMIGRATION
American cities that do not cooperate with federal immigration authorities may lose millions of dollars in grant money from the Justice Department, U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions says.

CARL ICAHN
Several Democratic senators press billionaire investor Carl Icahn to clarify his role as an adviser to Trump on regulation, saying his position in the administration raises “alarming” questions about potential conflicts of interest with his stakes in the biofuels and pharmaceutical industries.

MAR-A-LAGO
A U.S. government watchdog has agreed to review how classified information is kept secure at Trump’s Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida, the agency says, after Democratic lawmakers raised concerns about the issue last month.





ARTICLE
March 27, 2017
By Julia Harte
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – A U.S. government watchdog has agreed to review how classified information is kept secure at President Donald Trump’s Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida, the agency said on Monday, after Democratic lawmakers raised concerns about the issue last month.
The Government Accountability Office’s review will examine whether Secret Service agents subject Mar-a-Lago guests to any security screening, and evaluate the expenses incurred by government employees who travel with Trump to Mar-a-Lago, according to a letter the agency sent the lawmakers on Friday.
The GAO will also check whether Trump has made any payments to the U.S. Treasury from profits at his hotels, the letter said. Trump’s lawyer pledged at a Jan. 11 news conference to donate Trump Hotel profits from foreign governments to the Treasury.
The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Trump’s handling of U.S. security information at Mar-a-Lago came under congressional scrutiny in February after photos taken by private guests in the club’s public dining area showed Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe reviewing documents following a North Korean missile launch.
The White House denied afterward that any classified material was present in the dining room.
Elijah Cummings, the top Democrat on the House of Representatives Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, said on Monday the GAO would be able to conduct an “independent review” of how Trump spends his weekends at the resort, which the Republican president has dubbed his “Winter White House.”
In a Feb. 16 letter, Cummings and Democratic Senators Tom  Udall, Elizabeth Warren and Sheldon Whitehouse asked the GAO to assess whether Trump and his staff had violated security protocol when hosting foreign dignitaries and handling classified information at the Florida resort.
Udall said on Monday the American people “deserved to know who has access to the president, how much it’s costing to protect him and whether the Trump Organization is benefiting from that protection.”
He introduced a bill on Friday that would require the White House to publish logs of people who meet with Trump there and at other locations.
The GAO is expected to begin the review in a few months.




ARTICLE
March 27, 2017
By Julia Harte
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – A U.S. government watchdog has agreed to review how classified information is kept secure at President Donald Trump’s Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida, the agency said on Monday, after Democratic lawmakers raised concerns about the issue last month.
The Government Accountability Office’s review will examine whether Secret Service agents subject Mar-a-Lago guests to any security screening, and evaluate the expenses incurred by government employees who travel with Trump to Mar-a-Lago, according to a letter the agency sent the lawmakers on Friday.
The GAO will also check whether Trump has made any payments to the U.S. Treasury from profits at his hotels, the letter said. Trump’s lawyer pledged at a Jan. 11 news conference to donate Trump Hotel profits from foreign governments to the Treasury.
The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Trump’s handling of U.S. security information at Mar-a-Lago came under congressional scrutiny in February after photos taken by private guests in the club’s public dining area showed Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe reviewing documents following a North Korean missile launch.
The White House denied afterward that any classified material was present in the dining room.
Elijah Cummings, the top Democrat on the House of Representatives Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, said on Monday the GAO would be able to conduct an “independent review” of how Trump spends his weekends at the resort, which the Republican president has dubbed his “Winter White House.”
In a Feb. 16 letter, Cummings and Democratic Senators Tom  Udall, Elizabeth Warren and Sheldon Whitehouse asked the GAO to assess whether Trump and his staff had violated security protocol when hosting foreign dignitaries and handling classified information at the Florida resort.
Udall said on Monday the American people “deserved to know who has access to the president, how much it’s costing to protect him and whether the Trump Organization is benefiting from that protection.”
He introduced a bill on Friday that would require the White House to publish logs of people who meet with Trump there and at other locations.
The GAO is expected to begin the review in a few months.

March 27, 2017
By Julia Harte
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – A U.S. government watchdog has agreed to review how classified information is kept secure at President Donald Trump’s Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida, the agency said on Monday, after Democratic lawmakers raised concerns about the issue last month.
The Government Accountability Office’s review will examine whether Secret Service agents subject Mar-a-Lago guests to any security screening, and evaluate the expenses incurred by government employees who travel with Trump to Mar-a-Lago, according to a letter the agency sent the lawmakers on Friday.
The GAO will also check whether Trump has made any payments to the U.S. Treasury from profits at his hotels, the letter said. Trump’s lawyer pledged at a Jan. 11 news conference to donate Trump Hotel profits from foreign governments to the Treasury.
The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Trump’s handling of U.S. security information at Mar-a-Lago came under congressional scrutiny in February after photos taken by private guests in the club’s public dining area showed Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe reviewing documents following a North Korean missile launch.
The White House denied afterward that any classified material was present in the dining room.
Elijah Cummings, the top Democrat on the House of Representatives Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, said on Monday the GAO would be able to conduct an “independent review” of how Trump spends his weekends at the resort, which the Republican president has dubbed his “Winter White House.”
In a Feb. 16 letter, Cummings and Democratic Senators Tom  Udall, Elizabeth Warren and Sheldon Whitehouse asked the GAO to assess whether Trump and his staff had violated security protocol when hosting foreign dignitaries and handling classified information at the Florida resort.
Udall said on Monday the American people “deserved to know who has access to the president, how much it’s costing to protect him and whether the Trump Organization is benefiting from that protection.”
He introduced a bill on Friday that would require the White House to publish logs of people who meet with Trump there and at other locations.
The GAO is expected to begin the review in a few months.




ARTICLE
March 27, 2017
By Julia Harte
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – A U.S. government watchdog has agreed to review how classified information is kept secure at President Donald Trump’s Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida, the agency said on Monday, after Democratic lawmakers raised concerns about the issue last month.
The Government Accountability Office’s review will examine whether Secret Service agents subject Mar-a-Lago guests to any security screening, and evaluate the expenses incurred by government employees who travel with Trump to Mar-a-Lago, according to a letter the agency sent the lawmakers on Friday.
The GAO will also check whether Trump has made any payments to the U.S. Treasury from profits at his hotels, the letter said. Trump’s lawyer pledged at a Jan. 11 news conference to donate Trump Hotel profits from foreign governments to the Treasury.
The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Trump’s handling of U.S. security information at Mar-a-Lago came under congressional scrutiny in February after photos taken by private guests in the club’s public dining area showed Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe reviewing documents following a North Korean missile launch.
The White House denied afterward that any classified material was present in the dining room.
Elijah Cummings, the top Democrat on the House of Representatives Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, said on Monday the GAO would be able to conduct an “independent review” of how Trump spends his weekends at the resort, which the Republican president has dubbed his “Winter White House.”
In a Feb. 16 letter, Cummings and Democratic Senators Tom  Udall, Elizabeth Warren and Sheldon Whitehouse asked the GAO to assess whether Trump and his staff had violated security protocol when hosting foreign dignitaries and handling classified information at the Florida resort.
Udall said on Monday the American people “deserved to know who has access to the president, how much it’s costing to protect him and whether the Trump Organization is benefiting from that protection.”
He introduced a bill on Friday that would require the White House to publish logs of people who meet with Trump there and at other locations.
The GAO is expected to begin the review in a few months.

March 27, 2017
By Julia Harte
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – A U.S. government watchdog has agreed to review how classified information is kept secure at President Donald Trump’s Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida, the agency said on Monday, after Democratic lawmakers raised concerns about the issue last month.
The Government Accountability Office’s review will examine whether Secret Service agents subject Mar-a-Lago guests to any security screening, and evaluate the expenses incurred by government employees who travel with Trump to Mar-a-Lago, according to a letter the agency sent the lawmakers on Friday.
The GAO will also check whether Trump has made any payments to the U.S. Treasury from profits at his hotels, the letter said. Trump’s lawyer pledged at a Jan. 11 news conference to donate Trump Hotel profits from foreign governments to the Treasury.
The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Trump’s handling of U.S. security information at Mar-a-Lago came under congressional scrutiny in February after photos taken by private guests in the club’s public dining area showed Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe reviewing documents following a North Korean missile launch.
The White House denied afterward that any classified material was present in the dining room.
Elijah Cummings, the top Democrat on the House of Representatives Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, said on Monday the GAO would be able to conduct an “independent review” of how Trump spends his weekends at the resort, which the Republican president has dubbed his “Winter White House.”
In a Feb. 16 letter, Cummings and Democratic Senators Tom  Udall, Elizabeth Warren and Sheldon Whitehouse asked the GAO to assess whether Trump and his staff had violated security protocol when hosting foreign dignitaries and handling classified information at the Florida resort.
Udall said on Monday the American people “deserved to know who has access to the president, how much it’s costing to protect him and whether the Trump Organization is benefiting from that protection.”
He introduced a bill on Friday that would require the White House to publish logs of people who meet with Trump there and at other locations.
The GAO is expected to begin the review in a few months.




ARTICLE
March 27, 2017
By Jonathan Stempel
NEW YORK (Reuters) – A wealthy Turkish gold trader’s decision to hire former New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani and former U.S. Attorney General Michael Mukasey to represent him, as he defends against charges he conspired to violate U.S. sanctions on Iran, raises a potential conflict of interest, prosecutors said.
At least eight big banks allegedly victimized by the trader, Reza Zarrab, are current or former clients of Giuliani and Mukasey’s law firms, acting U.S. Attorney Joon Kim in Manhattan said in a letter dated Monday to the federal judge hearing the case.
The banks’ relationships with the law firms require a special hearing, known as a “Curcio” hearing, to make sure Zarrab understands the potential conflict, Kim said.
Giuliani is a lawyer for Greenberg Traurig, while Mukasey, who is also a former federal judge, is a lawyer for Debevoise & Plimpton. Neither firm had an immediate comment.
The eight banks are Bank of America Corp, Citigroup Inc, Deutsche Bank AG, HSBC Holdings Plc, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Standard Chartered Plc, UBS Group AG and Wells Fargo & Co.
“Through various deceptive acts, including layering the transactions and omitting information concerning the Iranian nexus, Zarrab and his co-conspirators allegedly tricked numerous U.S. financial institutions into processing barred transactions, thus exposing them to significant potential loss,” Kim said in a letter to U.S. District Judge Richard Berman, explaining the potential conflict of interest.
Prosecutors accused the Iranian-born Zarrab and two others of engaging in hundreds of millions of dollars of transactions for Iran’s government and Iranian entities from 2010 to 2015, in a scheme to evade U.S. sanctions.
A trial is scheduled for Aug. 21. Zarrab has been in federal custody since his March 21, 2016, arrest in Miami, while en route to Disney World with his wife and daughter.
Holding a Curcio hearing now could eliminate one ground for appeal if the case goes against Zarrab.
The case has been closely watched in Turkey, where Zarrab was arrested in 2013 in a corruption probe into individuals with close ties to Tayyip Erdogan, then Turkey’s prime minister and now its president. Zarrab is a dual national of Iran and Turkey.
Another lawyer for Zarrab, Benjamin Brafman, said in a letter on Monday that Giuliani and Mukasey’s roles “will not require any appearance in court and, accordingly, a hearing is not required.”
The case is U.S. v. Zarrab, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 15-cr-00867.




ARTICLE
March 27, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The Republican-controlled U.S. House of Representatives will not seek to repeal Obamacare taxes as a part of expected tax reform legislation, the top House Republican on tax policy said on Monday.
“We never envisioned bringing Obamacare taxes into that (reform) effort and I still don’t,” House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady told reporters.
Obamacare taxes “go away when we repeal and replace. And so regrettably, they stay in place,” Brady said.




ARTICLE
March 27, 2017
By Valerie Volcovici
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Several Democratic senators pressed billionaire investor Carl Icahn on Monday to clarify his role as an adviser to President Donald Trump, saying his position in the administration raised “alarming” questions about potential conflicts of interest with his stakes in the biofuels and pharmaceutical industries.
The senators, led by Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island, sent a letter to Icahn pointing out that, as a Trump adviser on regulation, he has made policy proposals that benefit his own investments – which range from an oil refinery to an nutritional supplement manufacturer.
“We write because we are increasingly concerned about the role you are playing in the Trump Administration and the possibility that you are breaking federal conflict of interest laws,” the seven senators wrote in the letter, seen by Reuters.
Calls to Icahn’s office and lawyer were not immediately answered.
Icahn has been thrust into the limelight in recent weeks after the Renewable Fuels Association said he had informed them that Trump was preparing an executive order to overhaul the U.S. biofuels program in a way that benefited refiners.
The White House quickly denied it had an executive order in the works, and pointed out that Icahn held an informal, unpaid role as adviser to Trump.
The senators said that despite the administration downplaying his role, Icahn has disclosed to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) that he was a special adviser, meaning it is important to shareholders of the companies in which he holds stakes in.
Icahn owns an 82 percent stake in CVR Energy, which along with other refining companies, has called for changes to the Renewable Fuel Program to shift the burden of blending biofuels into gasoline away from refiners and further down stream to marketers. Icahn has said the change would help the entire refining industry, not just CVR.
Icahn also owns stakes in Herbalife and Bristol Meyers-Squib. The senators said Icahn had helped Trump pick the heads of the Treasury, Commerce, and the SEC, which have some oversight over the companies in which he has a stake.
“Your ownership of each of these companies – and others – raises alarming questions about how you, and the Trump Administration, are handling your many conflicts of interest,” the senators wrote.
In their letter, the senators said Icahn should be re-classified by the Trump administration as a special government employee, making him subject to ethics requirements.
When Trump announced in December that Icahn would be a special adviser, Trump made clear he would “not be serving as a federal employee or a Special Government Employee and will not have any specific duties.”
The letter also includes over a dozen questions about Icahn’s ties to the administration, including whether he has received waivers from ethics requirements, and whether he has divested from some of his financial holdings.




ARTICLE
March 27, 2017
By Environment Correspondent Alister Doyle
OSLO (Reuters) – A 2015 global pact for fighting climate change will benefit in some ways at least if U.S. President Donald Trump carries out a threat to pull out, backers say, in a shift from gloom about the fate of a deal that took two decades to negotiate.
The Paris Agreement requires consensus for all decisions, meaning the withdrawal of a recalcitrant United States would make it easier for emitters such as China and the European Union to design details of a trillion-dollar shift from fossil fuels.
Trump has called man-made climate change a hoax and made a so-far unfulfilled campaign pledge to “cancel” the agreement, saying he wants to promote the domestic fossil fuel industry.
In a step to undo environmental regulations introduced under former President Barack Obama, Trump will sign an order on Tuesday aimed at making it easier for companies to produce energy in the United States.
“There will be some advantages for other countries and there will also be extraordinary disadvantages,” if the U.S. ends up quitting Paris, said Christiana Figueres, an architect of the agreement who was the U.N.’s climate chief in Paris.
“It’s not a black and white scenario,” she said.
She said the ideal outcome, both for the United States and other nations, was for Washington to stay and make deep cuts in greenhouse gas emissions. There were better investment prospects for renewable energies such as solar power than coal, she added.
The fear has long been that a pullout of the world’s top economy would drain other nations’ willingness to cut greenhouse gas emissions under an agreement ratified by nations as diverse as China, Saudi Arabia and African countries.
But there is an emerging rival view that Paris might be better off.

ACHILLES HEEL
“The Achilles heel of the Paris Agreement is that it’s built on consensus,” said Johan Rockstrom, director of the Stockholm Resilience Center at Stockholm University.
“It’s very difficult to have a negative giant in the room” able to obstruct all decisions, he said, adding that he had swung in recent weeks to reckon that a U.S. pullout would be better overall from an earlier view that it would be a “big failure”.
The Paris Agreement has few binding obligations. It lets all nations set their own goals for fighting climate change and has no penalties for non-compliance.
Governments have set a 2018 deadline to work out a rule book for the Paris Agreement, filling in details, for instance, of how nations will report and monitor their curbs on emissions.
Maldives Environment Minister Thoriq Ibrahim – chair of the Alliance of Small Island States whose members fear they are at risk from rising sea levels – urged continued U.S. participation in Paris.
“The closer you look at it, the clearer it becomes that it (the Paris Agreement) also promotes important strategic, economic, and security benefits as well,” he said.
Norwegian Prime Minister Erna Solberg also said it would be better for the United States to stay. “But I don’t think that it’s the end of the Paris Agreement if the United States decides to leave,” she said.
Oliver Geden, of the German Institute for International and Security Affairs, disagreed. A U.S. withdrawal would badly undermine the Paris Agreement and any decisions would be largely irrelevant without the world’s biggest economy, he said. “The momentum could fade away pretty soon,” he predicted.
Still, almost 200 nations agreed after Trump’s election in November that the world had an “urgent duty” to combat an “alarming and unprecedented” rate of global warming.
“The pace and scale of change already underway in the global economy is remarkable and irreversible,” said Stephanie Pfeifer, head of the Institutional Investors Group on Climate Change, a forum with 18 trillion euros ($20 trillion) in assets under management.
“Renewables have already overtaken coal as a global power source, electric vehicles are the growth segment of the auto industry and jobs are being created very rapidly in clean energy,” she said.
The U.S. target under Paris, set by Obama, is to cut emissions by between 26 and 28 percent below 2005 levels by 2025 as part of global efforts to avert more downpours, droughts, heatwaves and floods.
Trump’s pro-coal policies are likely to make U.S. emissions cuts less ambitious.
By staying in the Paris Agreement, Trump would also undermine a demand in its Article 4 that successive national climate plans have to be ever deeper cuts. A U.S. pullout would make it easier for backers to argue that the principle has not been violated.
The Paris Agreement sets an over-riding goal of limiting global warming to “well below” two degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit) above pre-industrial times. The United Nations says that current pledges are insufficient to meet that goal.




ARTICLE
March 27, 2017
New York, NY – Claire Hardwick, OAN Political Correspondent
While President Trump’s monumental election still has the political establishment reeling, one author said the fight for conservatism in America has just begun.
Todd Starnes wrote the book “The Deplorables’ Guide to Making America Great Again”
He said Hillary Clinton drew a line in the sand when she called Trump’s supporters a “basket of deplorables.”
” I really do think when historians go back and unwrap what happened in the 2016 presidential election, I really do think one of the bellwether moments was when Hillary Clinton called half of Donald Trump supporters a “basket of deplorables.” And it wasn’t necessarily the word deplorable I think that caused a lot of people to decide to vote for Donald Trump, I think it was the word irredeemable,” Starnes said.
Starnes said that the “deplorable” are those who cherish traditional American values and believe in the sovereignty of America.
In his book, Starnes wrote that even though President Trump won the election, conservatives have to continue to engage in politics to ensure their core liberties are not taken away from politicians in Washington, D.C.



ARTICLE
March 27, 2017
ROME (Reuters) – Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni will meet U.S. President Donald Trump in the United States on April 20, diplomatic sources said on Monday.
Italy holds the rotating presidency of the Group of Seven industrialized nations and is due to host a summit of leaders in Sicily in May, which is expected to be Trump’s first trip to Europe as president.
Trump has already met a number of major power leaders in Washington since taking office in January, including British Prime Minister Theresa May and German Chancellor Angela Merkel.




ARTICLE
March 27, 2017
Washington, D.C. – Trey Yingst, OAN Chief White House Correspondent
On Monday the Pentagon said that an “unspecified number” of troops were sent to Iraq over the weekend to support the operation to liberate Mosul.
Defense sources with knowledge of the deployment said the number of US forces heading to fight ISIS is 200.
Most of the new US personnel come from the 82nd airborne division and will be stationed outside of Mosul.
The increase in troops comes after reports in recent weeks that 1,000 US troops would deploy to Kuwait to act as reserve forces in the liberation of Mosul and Raqqa.
US backed forced recaptured an ISIS controlled airport over the weekend and hope to advance closer to Raqqa in the coming weeks.
The Trump administration has increased coalition airstrikes as they work with forces on the ground. During a press briefing on Monday, Press Secretary Sean Spicer indicated the new troops heading to the Middle East are part of President Trump’s larger anti-ISIS strategy.



ARTICLE
March 27, 2017
By Roberta Rampton
Speaking to a group of small business owners in Charleston, West Virginia, Pence said President Donald Trump is ready to move on to his next priority: simplifying the tax code and cutting tax rates.
“We’re going to roll our sleeves up and we’re going to cut taxes across the board for working families, small businesses and family farms,” Pence said.
“Working with this Congress, President Trump is going to pass the largest tax cut since the days of Ronald Reagan, and we’re going to get this American economy moving again,” he said.
Comprehensive tax reform has eluded previous Congresses and administrations since 1986 when it was last accomplished under former President Ronald Reagan.
Pence made his comments the day after the Republican-controlled House of Representatives failed to find enough support within its own ranks to pass legislation to roll back Obamacare — a setback that raised doubts about Trump’s ability to deliver on other big promises requiring help from Congress.
Trump and Republicans had campaigned to overhaul former President Barack Obama’s health care law, which they have argued is too intrusive and expensive.
“As we all learned yesterday, Congress just wasn’t ready,” said Pence, who spent a dozen years in Congress starting in 2001, and has been a key emissary for Trump on Capitol Hill.
“With 100 percent of House Democrats — every single one — and a handful of Republicans actually standing in the way of President Trump’s plan to repeal and replace Obamacare, we’re back to the drawing board,” Pence said.
On tax reform, Pence said Trump wants to cut the corporate tax rate to 15 percent from 35 percent to spur investment.
The House of Representatives’ tax committee is working on legislation that would cut the corporate rate to 20 percent.
Pence said the White House also would seek to work with Congress to boost funding for the military, roll back regulations on the energy sector, and confirm Judge Neil Gorsuch, Trump’s pick to fill a vacancy on the Supreme Court.
Standing with Linda McMahon, who started and ran World Wrestling Entertainment before being named as head of Trump’s Small Business Administration, Pence joked that the White House could use some muscle to work with lawmakers.
“Maybe we could have used a few of your WWE superstars on Capitol Hill yesterday,” Pence said.




ARTICLE
March 27, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. Vice President Mike Pence on Sunday revived talk of the possibility the United States may move its embassy to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv, saying President Donald Trump was seriously considering the matter.
During the 2016 U.S. presidential campaign, Trump’s team spoke often about moving the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem. But since taking office, the contentious issue appears to have moved to the backburner.
“After decades of simply talking about it, the president of the United States is giving serious consideration to moving the American embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem,” Pence said in a speech to the influential, pro-Israel U.S. lobbying group AIPAC.
Israel regards Jerusalem as its eternal and indivisible capital and wants all countries to base their embassies there, though Israeli politicians also understand that moving the U.S. embassy there could be destabilizing.
The relocation is strongly opposed by many U.S. allies as the Palestinians also claim the city as their capital.
The final status of Jerusalem is supposed to be determined via direct negotiations between the Israelis and the Palestinians.
If the United States were to relocate its embassy, it would be seen as an explicit recognition of Jerusalem belonging to Israel, potentially pre-determining the outcome of eventual peace negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians.
The U.S. Senate on Thursday narrowly confirmed Trump’s pick to be ambassador to Israel, David Friedman, a bankruptcy lawyer allied with the Israeli right, who favors moving the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem.





ARTICLE
March 27, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Republican U.S. Representative Ted Poe resigned from the House Freedom Caucus on Sunday over the conservative legislative group’s role in sinking a healthcare overhaul championed by President Donald Trump.
“Saying no is easy, leading is hard, but that is what we were elected to do,” the Texas lawmaker said in a statement. “Leaving this caucus will allow me to be a more effective member of Congress.”
Poe was in favor of the Republican legislation, but the Freedom Caucus argued the proposal did not go far enough in repealing the 2010 Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare.
The Freedom Caucus, consisting of the House of Representatives’ most conservative members, was instrumental in dealing Trump a stunning political setback on Friday when Republican House leaders pulled the healthcare legislation, derailing a major 2016 election campaign promise of the president and his allies.
Trump’s fellow Republicans control both houses of Congress.
Trump had courted Freedom Caucus lawmakers intensively. Outside conservative groups such as the Club for Growth and Heritage Action for America that are closely aligned with the Freedom Caucus had strongly opposed the Republican healthcare bill and urged lawmakers to vote against it.
In a tweet on Sunday morning, Trump lashed out at both the Freedom Caucus and other conservatives, saying their actions had left “Democrats smiling in D.C.”





ARTICLE
March 26, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Republican U.S. Representative Ted Poe resigned from the House Freedom Caucus on Sunday over the conservative legislative group’s role in sinking a healthcare overhaul championed by President Donald Trump.
“Saying no is easy, leading is hard, but that is what we were elected to do,” the Texas lawmaker said in a statement. “Leaving this caucus will allow me to be a more effective member of Congress.”
Poe was in favor of the Republican legislation, but the Freedom Caucus argued the proposal did not go far enough in repealing the 2010 Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare.
The Freedom Caucus, consisting of the House of Representatives’ most conservative members, was instrumental in dealing Trump a stunning political setback on Friday when Republican House leaders pulled the healthcare legislation, derailing a major 2016 election campaign promise of the president and his allies.
Trump’s fellow Republicans control both houses of Congress.
Trump had courted Freedom Caucus lawmakers intensively. Outside conservative groups such as the Club for Growth and Heritage Action for America that are closely aligned with the Freedom Caucus had strongly opposed the Republican healthcare bill and urged lawmakers to vote against it.
In a tweet on Sunday morning, Trump lashed out at both the Freedom Caucus and other conservatives, saying their actions had left “Democrats smiling in D.C.”





ARTICLE
March 24, 2017
By David Morgan
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – After failing to repeal Obamacare, Republicans in the U.S. Congress quickly pivoted on Friday to President Donald Trump’s next priority: overhauling the federal tax code, but their plan has already split the business community.
Division among Republicans was the chief cause of the embarrassing setback on Obamacare, and similar fault lines have been evident for months in the Republicans’ tax plan, mainly over an untested proposal to use the tax code to boost exports.
House of Representatives tax committee Chairman Kevin Brady conceded the demise of a Republican plan to roll back Obamacare could make the path to tax reform harder. “This made a big challenge more challenging. But it’s not insurmountable,” he told Fox News after Ryan canceled a vote on an Obamacare rollback bill.
But Brady said he and House Speaker Paul Ryan are all-in on tax reform.
Brady said House Republicans plan to begin moving on tax reform this spring and to pass legislation before Congress’s summer recess in late July.
“We’re going to work with the administration to get this done,” he said.
Trump has been unclear about his position on the most problematic feature of the House Republicans’ tax “blueprint,” a proposal known as the border adjustment tax that would cut taxes on exports and raise them on imports.
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Friday that tax reform in many ways is “a lot simpler” than healthcare reform.
“We’re able to take the tax code and redesign things and I think there is very, very strong support,” Mnuchin said at an event hosted by news website Axios.
Comprehensive tax reform is a policy goal so complex that it has defied successive Congresses and presidents since 1986 when it was last accomplished under former President Ronald Reagan.
The U.S. tax code is riddled with narrow subsidies and loopholes, many of them deeply embedded in the economy and defended by the interests they benefit, such as the mortgage interest deduction and the business interest deductibility.
Brady’s panel has been working on a plan since mid-2016 that would cut the corporate tax rate to 20 percent from 35 percent, end taxing foreign profits for U.S.-based multinationals and cut other tax rates for businesses and investors.
The plan has divided businesses, prompting import-dependent industries to warn of higher prices for consumer goods from clothing and electronics to gasoline.
Brady has been adamant that border adjustment will be part of the House tax reform, saying earlier this week that the provision was “a given” for final legislation but would include a transition period for import-heavy industries.




ARTICLE
March 24, 2017

HEALTHCARE
Trump suffers a stunning political setback in a Congress controlled by his own party when Republican leaders pull legislation to overhaul the U.S. healthcare system, a major 2016 election campaign promise of the president and his allies.
Trump says the healthcare legislation he supported had been “very, very close” to getting enough support in the House of Representatives and that now he probably will move on to tax reform.
Wall Street’s predilection for a glass-half-full view of Trump is on full display as investors back off fears that a failure to repeal Obamacare would endanger his entire agenda in favor of optimism that he will simply get on with tax cuts and infrastructure spending.
Nearly half of American adults say the Republican healthcare reform measure that was pulled from consideration by the House is “not an improvement” over Obamacare, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll.

SURVEILLANCE
The partisan divide over the House Intelligence Committee’s probe of Russian interference in the U.S. presidential election deepens when the committee’s top Democrat suggested its Republican chairman canceled a public hearing after pressure from the White House.

SUPREME COURT
A third of Democratic senators have so far announced they will vote against confirming Trump’s Supreme Court nominee, Neil Gorsuch, adding to a chorus of opposition from the left, but leaving questions over whether there will be a concerted effort to block a vote in the Senate.

PIPELINE
Trump’s administration approves TransCanada Corp’s Keystone XL pipeline, cheering the oil industry and angering environmentalists even as further hurdles for the controversial project loom.

ECONOMY
U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin says financial markets could improve “significantly” once they fully reflect the potential for economic growth from Trump’s policies.

TRAVEL BAN
A federal judge in Virginia rules that Trump’s travel ban was justified, increasing the likelihood the measure will go before the Supreme Court as the decision takes an opposing view to courts in Maryland and Hawaii that have halted the order.

CALIFORNIA CARS
California approves vehicle pollution targets that the Trump administration last week put on hold, setting up a potential face-off between federal and state regulators that could be expensive for automakers and a headache for consumers.

JOBS
Trump touts Charter Communications Inc’s decision to invest $25 billion in the United States and its previously disclosed plan to hire 20,000 workers over four years.




ARTICLE
March 24, 2017
By Dave McKinney
CHICAGO (Reuters) – Illinois Governor Bruce Rauner on Friday vetoed a legislative fix favored by Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel for two of the city’s struggling pension funds and castigated it as a “kick-the-can approach.”
The financial footing and credit ratings for the nation’s third-largest city have slipped precipitously as its unfunded pension liabilities grew to $33.8 billion for Chicago’s four retirement systems in the most recent accounting.
The plan that passed the Illinois Senate unanimously in January and cleared the House overwhelmingly last December would have granted the state’s blessing to alter the city’s pension repayment schedule for its municipal and laborers’ retirement systems.
The systems are projected to run out of money in the coming decade and were depending on legislative sign-off of the city’s enactment of a water and sewer usage tax and telephone surcharge designed to help get them 90 percent funded in 40 years.
City officials have acknowledged that more money will be needed starting in 2023 when payments will reach actuarially required levels.
But Rauner rejected the package, saying it created a payment schedule that eventually would necessitate a tax increase for Chicago. He said it needed to be part of a broader, statewide pension funding strategy to address Illinois’ $129.8 billion unfunded pension liability.
“This is another kick-the-can approach to pension funding that landed Chicago in fiscal crisis in the first place,” Rauner said in a prepared statement. “This bill will create an unsustainable funding schedule that will lead to tax increases without solving the real problem.”
A spokesman for the Democratic mayor slammed the Republican governor’s action as an “irresponsible and irrational decision.”
“Instead of helping secure the future of our taxpayers and middle-class retirees, the governor chose to hold them hostage – just as he has done to social service providers, schoolchildren and universities across the state,” Emanuel spokesman Adam Collins said in a statement, referring to Rauner’s inability to broker a state budget deal for 21 months.
Rauner’s action left Democrats with no ability to block his veto because the pension bailout passed in the previous session of the state General Assembly, which ended in mid-January, and the governor’s only options were to approve or reject the measure.
But the city is pinning its hopes on an identical piece of legislation that passed the newly seated state Senate in late January and is awaiting action in the House, Collins said.




ARTICLE
March 24, 2017
By Lesley Wroughton and Phil Stewart
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will meet with senior Turkish officials in Ankara next week, in talks that could be vital to an advancing U.S.-backed campaign to retake the Syrian city of Raqqa from Islamic State, U.S. officials said on Friday.
Turkey has been pressing the United States to drop its military alliance with the Syrian Kurdish YPG militia, which it considers part of the Kurdistan Workers’ Party that has been fighting an insurgency for three decades in Turkey.
But U.S. officials have long viewed Kurdish fighters as key to an approaching assault on Raqqa, Islamic State’s de facto capital. It would work alongside Arab fighters in the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF).
Instead, Turkey wants the United States to draw from Syrian Arab rebel groups backed by Ankara for the final assault on Raqqa, a predominantly Arab city, proposals that so far have failed to convince U.S. officials who are not certain that the Turkish-backed Arab force is large and well-trained enough.
“We first need to work out details with Turkey,” one senior official said, speaking on condition of anonymity.
The decision sets President Donald Trump’s wish for quick battlefield victories against the need to maintain the United States’ longstanding strategic alliance with Turkey, a NATO ally which provides the United States access to a base critical for the air war in Syria.
The Raqqa campaign appears to be gathering steam as an overlapping U.S.-backed effort in Iraq is drawing closer to driving Islamic State from the city of Mosul.
French Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said on Friday that the battle for Raqqa would likely start “in the coming days.”
The head of the Syrian Kurdish YPG militia told Reuters last week that the assault would begin at the start of April, and that the YPG would be taking part.
Some U.S. officials think that timeline is too optimistic, noting that a major battle underway for Tabqa dam, about 25 miles (40 km) west of Raqqa, could take weeks to complete.
The Pentagon also has said the United States has not decided on the composition of an American-backed assault force in Raqqa.
The United States has about 1,000 troops in Syria at the moment, and the Raqqa campaign could involve hundreds more.

KURDISH CONUNDRUM
Senator John McCain, the Senate Armed Services Committee’s chairman, suggested to reporters earlier this week that it would be hard to convince Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan of the merits of backing Kurdish fighters, even if they are the most effective weapon against Islamic State.
“The conundrum is that if you don’t use the Kurds, it will take a lot longer while (Islamic State is) sending streams of terrorists out of Raqqa,” McCain said.
“But if you do, you have an enormous challenge as far as relations with Turkey is concerned,” he added.
McCain said the relationship with Erdogan was particularly important and cited an April 16 referendum on constitutional changes to extend his powers.

SAFE ZONES
Tillerson’s meeting in Ankara also closely follows a meeting of 68 coalition partners this week in Washington, where they agreed to intensify the fight against Islamic State, including in Syria.
At Wednesday’s meeting, Tillerson said the United States would create “interim zones of stability” through ceasefires to help refugees return home in the next phase of the fight against Islamic State and al Qaeda in Syria and Iraq.
He did not elaborate, although one U.S. official said there was not yet agreement among all American agencies on where and how such zones would be set up.
The U.S. military has long been skeptical of creating safe zones inside Syria or Iraq, partly because any safe zone guaranteed by the United States almost certainly would require some American military protection. Securing the ground alone would require thousands of troops, former U.S. officials and experts say.
The top U.S. commander on the ground, Lieutenant General Stephen Townsend, said earlier in March that, “We are building safe zones right now for all Iraqis and all Syrians to be safe from (Islamic State).”
Increased U.S. or allied air power would be required if Trump chooses to enforce “no fly” restrictions and ground forces might also be needed to protect civilians in those areas.
The State Department did not provide more details of Tillerson’s trip to Turkey, but said he will visit Brussels on March 31 to participate in a rescheduled meeting of NATO foreign ministers.
The NATO meeting had been set for April 5-6, but it was rescheduled after Tillerson decided instead to attend a summit with China. That caused unease among European allies already worried about Trump’s commitment to the Western military alliance.




ARTICLE
March 24, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan told President Donald Trump on Friday that there are not enough votes to pass Republicans’ healthcare bill, CNN reported, citing a Republican source.
Ryan, at a meeting with Trump at the White House, is seeking guidance from Trump about possible next steps, according to CNN. Republican leaders had been planning a vote later on Friday on the measure, which seeks to dismantle Obamacare.




ARTICLE
March 24, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan made a trip to the White House on Friday to meet with President Donald Trump as the healthcare legislation was being hotly debated on Capitol Hill, its fate uncertain.
A White House official said Ryan and Trump would discuss Republican efforts to get enough votes to secure passage of the bill that aims to repeal and replace Obamacare.




ARTICLE
March 24, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The Republican-controlled U.S. House of Representatives on Friday cleared the way for a contentious debate on legislation to repeal Obamacare and replace it with a more limited federal healthcare insurance program.
By a vote of 230-194, the House approved rules for debating the Republican legislation that Democrats oppose. It was not yet clear whether House Speaker Paul Ryan has enough Republican support to pass the bill that has been endorsed by President Donald Trump.




ARTICLE
March 24, 2017
By David Lawder
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Friday that he believes financial markets could improve “significantly” once they fully reflect the potential for U.S. economic growth from President Donald Trump’s economic policies.
Mnuchin said at an event sponsored by news website Axios that optimism about U.S. growth from policies such as regulatory reform and tax reform is “definitely not all baked in” to market valuations.
U.S. stock prices and the dollar have strengthened significantly since Trump was elected in November, largely in anticipation of corporate profits rising as regulatory burdens ease and tax rates fall. Some of those gains were retraced this week as Republicans in Congress faced stiff opposition from conservatives in passing a bill to replace the Obamacare health law.
“I think there is some good news that’s baked in, but yet, I think there is further room for significant growth in the economy that would be reflected in the markets,” Mnuchin said.
“The consequence would be that the market could go up significantly,” Mnuchin added.
Treasury secretaries in the past have shied away from publicly discussing market valuations.
But Mnuchin said Trump’s policies could produce growth of 3 percent to 3.5 percent, which is significantly higher than the fourth quarter reading of 1.9 percent.
“We’re in an environment where the U.S. assets are the most attractive assets to invest in on a global basis.”
Mnuchin said he is still aiming to achieve passage of comprehensive tax reform by the time Congress takes its August recess. He also said he expects the Trump administration’s Obamacare replacement bill to pass later on Friday.




ARTICLE
March 24, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Vice President Mike Pence canceled a planned trip to two U.S. states on Friday to work with President Donald Trump as the House of Representatives sought to vote on Republicans’ healthcare bill, a spokesman for Pence said.
Pence had planned to travel to Little Rock, Arkansas, and Memphis, Tennessee, according to the spokesman. The change came as House Republican leaders scrambled to gain enough support for the legislation ahead of a vote later on Friday.




ARTICLE
March 24, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump said U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan should stay on as leader even if Republicans’ healthcare plan to dismantle Obamacare fails to pass the chamber later on Friday.
Asked about the bill, which faces opposition from within the party, Trump said to reporters at the White House: “We’ll see what happens.”




ARTICLE
March 24, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – White House budget director Mick Mulvaney said on Friday he did not know if there was enough support in the U.S. House of Representatives to pass Republicans’ healthcare bill to dismantle Obamacare.
“That’s up to the House to count their own votes,” Mulvaney  told ABC News in an interview. President Donald Trump has called for a Friday vote on the bill to replace Democratic President Barack Obama’s 2010 Affordable Care Act.




ARTICLE
March 24, 2017
By Yasmeen Abutaleb, David Morgan and Emily Stephenson
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – In the middle of a confused three-day scramble by U.S. Republicans to save their plan to dismantle Obamacare, President Donald Trump telephoned a former small-town sandwich shop owner from the North Carolina mountains on Wednesday afternoon.
Representative Mark Meadows took the call during a meeting of the Freedom Caucus, a conservative faction of the House of Representatives he chairs. His talk with Trump thrust Meadows into the eye of a legislative storm that led to a pivotal vote on the bill being postponed. Then, late on Thursday after Trump demanded action by the House, a final vote was set for Friday.
Through it all, Meadows has been a key player in Trump’s first major legislative initiative, an effort as chaotic and unpredictable as his campaign for the White House, with its ultimate outcome still in doubt late on Thursday night.
After promising for months as a candidate to repeal and replace Obamacare, Trump has still not produced his own plan to do so, choosing instead to support a rollback bill drafted by senior House Republicans, including House Speaker Paul Ryan.
Financial markets have watched the drama over the bill nervously, concerned that defeat or delay for it could undermine Trump’s ability to carry through on promises to cut taxes and reduce regulation that have lifted U.S. stocks for weeks.
In a schism among Republicans who now control Congress and the White House, moderates oppose Ryan’s bill, saying it goes too far. The non-partisan Congressional Budget Office has estimated it would result in 24 million fewer Americans having insurance by 2026 than if Obamacare remained in place intact.
Meadows and the Freedom Caucus don’t like it either, but for very different reasons, making a compromise challenging. They say it doesn’t go far enough to repeal the healthcare law put in place in 2010 by former Democratic President Barack Obama.
To deal with this problem, Trump stepped in personally earlier this week to try to win over Meadows and his maverick conservative faction, according to interviews with dozens of lawmakers and congressional aides. But, even after marathon phone calls and meetings at the White House, Trump, who prides himself as a master negotiator, failed to secure the deal.
Meadows told reporters on Thursday night he still opposed the bill, but was optimistic that a deal could be reached. “I am still a no,” he said, taking basically the same position he took on Wednesday afternoon after his phone call with Trump.

LEANING RIGHT
When he embraced Ryan’s bill and then decided to intervene to try to save it, Trump opted for a strategy in which he would concentrate on winning over Meadows and the conservatives.
Ryan and House leaders would deal with “everybody else,” Republican Representative Tom Rooney said Thursday. That strategic approach soon had embarrassing consequences.
Trump’s push began in earnest on Tuesday, when he visited Capitol Hill seeking support for the plan among Republicans.
On Wednesday, the House Rules Committee held marathon meetings to finalize the bill that would go to the floor.
After his Wednesday phone call with the president, Meadows spent much of Wednesday night negotiating with Trump, said a Republican lawmaker.
“Mark Meadows has been at the White House more in the last 48 hours than any other times in his life combined,” said one conservative lobbyist with knowledge of internal discussions.
As Meadows and other Freedom Caucus members such as Representative Jim Jordan negotiated with Trump, more and more right-wing amendments were added to the bill to placate conservatives.
The conservative concessions hurt moderates. “The vast majority of us in the Republican conference have been left out of these discussions,” Representative Bradley Byrne said Thursday. “That is a growing problem for our leadership and I think it’s a growing problem for the chances of this bill.”

RYAN BALKS
At some point, Ryan himself balked when he learned of the agreements struck between Trump and the conservatives, according to the conservative lobbyist, setting in motion a frantic push to save a vote on the bill that had been set for Thursday.
By late afternoon, that rescue effort had collapsed and the vote was scrapped. Trump responded forcefully, dispatching top White House lieutenants to a meeting with lawmakers with a clear message: the president was done negotiating.
The message was “it’s done tomorrow or Obamacare stays,” said Republican Representative Chris Collins.
With that, lawmakers announced that a decisive vote on the bill would be held on Friday afternoon.
Earlier, even as the vote that had been set for Thursday was falling apart, Trump was meeting with trucking industry representatives and gleefully climbed into the cab of an 18-wheeler. He said then that everyone would find out in a couple of hours whether Republicans had enough votes to pass the healthcare bill, unaware that the vote had already been delayed.




ARTICLE
March 24, 2017
By Patricia Zengerle
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The Republican head of the U.S. House of Representatives Intelligence Committee apologized on Thursday for the way he handled sensitive allegations about U.S. spy agency surveillance of President Donald Trump’s team.
Representative Devin Nunes was criticized by colleagues on Wednesday for calling a news conference to announce that the communications of members of the team that ran Trump’s transition to the presidency were swept up in incidental surveillance targeting foreigners.
Democrats were upset that Nunes made the comments to the media and then briefed Trump in the White House without informing them. They questioned whether the intelligence panel could run a credible investigation.
A Republican intelligence committee aide said on Thursday that Nunes had apologized to Democrats on the panel.
“Yes, he apologized to the minority on the committee today for going public and to the (White House) with his announcement yesterday before sharing the information with the minority. He pledged to work with them on this issue and share information with them about it,” the aide told Reuters.
The panel is conducting one of the main congressional investigations over allegations by U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia sought to influence the 2016 presidential election, including claims of ties between Trump’s team and Moscow. Russia denies the allegations.
Representative Jackie Speier, a Democrat on the panel, said Nunes had apologized “in a generic way.”
Asked if Nunes knew whether Trump’s associates were party to these communications or if they could have been communications between two foreigners talking about Trump’s associates, Nunes’ spokesman said:
“He (Nunes) said he’ll have to get all the documents he requested from the IC (intelligence community) about this before he knows for sure.”
At a hearing of the committee on Monday, FBI director James Comey confirmed the existence of the investigation for the first time.
The top Democrat in the House, Nancy Pelosi, on Thursday described Nunes as “a willing stooge” of Trump who had “committed a stunt at the White House” with his comments.
“The necessity of an independent investigation is increasingly being recognized,” she said, referring to the probe involving Russia.
The White House had on Wednesday seized on Nunes’ remarks, which had cited anonymous sources, to bolster Trump’s unproven assertion on Twitter this month that President Barack Obama wiretapped his election campaign headquarters in Manhattan’s Trump Tower.
Nunes himself has said that the information he had did not support Trump’s allegation. He also said that none of the surveillance he knew about was related to Russia.
Democrats said Nunes may have revealed classified information with his comments to reporters but the congressman’s spokesman said that he did not.
Nunes, who was a member of Trump’s transition team, seemed contrite on Thursday for the timing and manner of his statement.
“There was a lot going on yesterday and it was a judgment call on my part. At the end of the day, sometimes you make the right decisions and sometimes you make the wrong ones but you’ve got to stick by the decisions you make,” he told reporters after the intelligence committee’s regular classified meeting.
Another Democrat on the committee, Representative Eric Swalwell, told MSNBC that its members had not yet seen the material referred to by Nunes.
The House committee is investigating whether Russia hacked emails of senior Democrats and released embarrassing information to hurt the campaign of Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton, interfering in the election to benefit Trump.




ARTICLE
March 24, 2017
By Matt Spetalnick
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The Trump administration reiterated its concerns about Israeli settlement activity, the two sides said on Thursday, as a round of talks ended without agreement over limiting future construction on land the Palestinians want for a state.
The four days of high-level meetings in Washington marked the latest step by President Donald Trump’s aides aimed at opening the way to renewed peace diplomacy between Israel and the Palestinians, despite deep skepticism in the United States and Middle East over the chances for success.
Trump’s Middle East envoy, Jason Greenblatt, who recently returned from a visit to the region, led the U.S. delegation in what were described as “intensive discussions” with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s chief of staff Yoav Horowitz and foreign policy adviser Jonathan Schachter.
Despite setting a more positive tone toward Israel than his predecessor Barack Obama, Trump urged Netanyahu during a White House visit last month to “hold back on settlements for a little bit.” The two then agreed that their aides would seek an accommodation on how much Israel can build and where.
“The United States delegation reiterated President Trump’s concerns regarding settlement activity in the context of moving towards a peace agreement,” according to a joint statement released by the White House.
“The Israeli delegation made clear that Israel’s intent going forward is to adopt a policy regarding settlement activity that takes those concerns into consideration,” it said. “The talks were serious and constructive, and they are ongoing.”
Peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians have been frozen since 2014 and settlements are one of the most heated issues. Palestinians want the West Bank and East Jerusalem for their own state, along with the Gaza Strip.
Most countries consider Israeli settlements, built on land captured in the 1967 Middle East war, to be illegal. Israel disagrees, citing historical and political links to the land, as well as security interests.
Trump has expressed some ambivalence about a two-state solution, the mainstay of U.S. policy for the past two decades. But he recently invited Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas to visit.
Trump has not publicly detailed what kind of agreement he wants with Israel on settlements. But many supporters of a two-state solution have urged a formula that restricts construction to the large settlement blocs that Israel is expected to retain under any final peace accord.
In the talks, officials discussed measures for improving the climate for peace, according  to the joint readout. It said a key focus was on steps that “could have a meaningful impact on the economic environment in the West Bank and Gaza,” and specifically a desire to advance efforts toward “self-sustainability” in electricity and water.




ARTICLE
March 24, 2017
By David Lawder and David Shepardson
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The Trump administration is preparing new executive orders to re-examine all 14 U.S. free trade agreements and review government procurement policies to aid American companies, two administration officials said.
The North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) with Mexico and Canada will top the list of trade deals to be reviewed, which affect 20 countries from the Americas to Asia, the officials told Reuters. They spoke on condition of anonymity because the orders were still being developed.
They said on Wednesday that the trade deal and procurement review orders were among several executive actions that the Trump administration is preparing on trade. The timing of the orders is unclear, but they could start to be rolled out next week, the officials said.
Politico first reported the plan for the two orders, quoting a senior administration official as saying the trade orders would help shift the White House narrative “to a place where the president can really shine.”
The fate of Trump’s first major legislative effort in Congress, a measure to replace the 2010 Obamacare health law, remains uncertain amid stiff opposition from conservative Republicans. The House of Representatives had to delay a vote on the bill on Thursday due to insufficient support for the legislation.
The orders to review existing trade deals and public procurement policies would be largely symbolic, as the administration has already announced its intention to renegotiate NAFTA, with plans to formally notify Congress of its intention to launch talks in the coming weeks.
Early last month, White House spokesman Sean Spicer said, “We’re going to re-examine all the current trade deals, figure out if we can improve them.”
The U.S. bilateral and multilateral trade deals cover these countries: Australia, Bahrain, Canada, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, the Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Israel, Jordan, Mexico, Morocco, Nicaragua, Oman, Panama, Peru, Singapore and South Korea.
Media representatives for the White House and the U.S. Trade Representatives’ office declined to comment on any forthcoming executive orders.
Senator Orrin Hatch, the Utah Republican who chairs the Senate Finance Committee, said he would welcome orders to review trade deals if that means it accelerated negotiations on changing them.
“I think we’ve got to start moving,” Hatch told reporters on Wednesday. “If he wants to do these unilaterally or bilaterally, he’s got to get going on them.”
Trump’s trade officials, including White House adviser Peter Navarro, and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, have long said that NAFTA’s rules-of-origin provisions need to be tightened to exclude more components from outside the trading bloc. NAFTA requires cars and trucks to have only 62.5 percent North American content, providing significant opportunities for Asian manufacturers to provide parts.
The procurement review would be in line with Trump’s “Buy American, Hire American” campaign push and could win some allies among Democrats in Congress. These include Senators Tammy Baldwin of Wisconsin and Jeff Merkley of Oregon, who urged the White House in a recent letter to exclude U.S. government contracts from NAFTA and restrict waivers that allow more foreign companies to bid on public procurements.
But news of the potential trade orders did not impress  Republican Senate Agriculture Committee Chairman Pat Roberts of Kansas.
“I’m more interested in getting our trade representative passed on the Senate floor,” Roberts told reporters, referring to Robert Lighthizer, Trump’s choice for U.S. trade representative, whose nomination has been stalled in the Senate.
Roberts also said he wanted to impress upon the White House the importance of trade deals to boost agricultural exports, including a glut of Kansas wheat, amid what he views as a preoccupation with manufactured exports in the administration.




ARTICLE
March 23, 2017
By Nick Carey and Paul Lienert
DETROIT (Reuters) – When U.S. President Donald Trump announced a review last week of tough Obama-era vehicle emissions and fuel-efficiency standards, he proclaimed that the “assault on the American auto industry is over.”
But rules set by the Environmental Protection Agency may take a backseat to consumers demanding vehicles that guzzle less gas and automakers having to meet tougher standards if they want to export cars overseas, according to auto industry analysts.
In the end, U.S. carmakers may just gain a few more years to meet the more stringent targets that former President Barack Obama’s administration negotiated with the companies in 2012, analysts said.
If Europe and China continue to toughen their emissions standards, “the U.S. might become an outlier,” American Axle President Mike Simonte told Reuters on Thursday.
Trump’s move was widely seen leading to a rollback or loosening of more stringent targets, which would slash vehicle exhaust emissions while effectively doubling average fuel economy to 54.5 miles per gallon by 2025.
Automakers have argued the rules for 2022-2025 are too expensive and could cost American jobs, so the Trump administration’s review was seen as a win for them.
On a conference call Thursday with investors, Bob Shanks, Ford Motor Co’s chief financial officer, said, “We are not seeking a rollback in any way. We just want to have a conversation around the levels we want to achieve.”
Despite what the EPA may want, California and nine other states in the Zero Emission Vehicle program — eight in the northeast, plus Oregon — are expected to move ahead on Friday with the previously established targets.
Those states account for nearly 30 percent of U.S. auto sales.
The potential divide with the rest of the country could create a “two-tiered environment with two sets of regulations,” said Mark Wakefield, managing director of AlixPartners’ automotive practice. This “could drive costs higher if automakers have to build two versions of the same vehicle to meet the two different standards.”
The Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers, a trade group that sued to overturn the Obama-era rules on behalf of several big automakers, wrote the White House on Thursday urging talks to begin quickly with California to ensure that national standards remain in place.
“Automakers seek certainty, predictability and rationality – over time – from the regulatory process,” the group’s CEO Mitch Bainwol wrote.

“EPA A DISTANT THIRD”
Kristin Dziczek, director of the Center for Automotive Research’s labor and industry group, said U.S. automakers could find it hard to export cars to markets such as China and Europe with tougher regulatory regimes if the U.S. targets were rescinded.
“I don’t think we’re going to see a rollback,” she said. “At most, I think we may see a slowing of the timetable” for implementing the tougher standards.
AlixPartners’ Wakefield said if China, the world’s largest market, continues pushing electric vehicles while America backpedals, it could lead to “some movement of investment from the U.S. to China, especially as the latter market continues to grow.”
General Motors Co and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV referred Reuters to public comments made by the industry’s lobbying group, the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers.
EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt, a climate change skeptic, said the Obama administration estimated it would cost $200 billion over 13 years to comply with stricter standards, which he believes will lead to higher prices for consumers and jobs leaving the country.
Morgan Stanley analyst Adam Jonas said the auto industry expected to miss the 2022-2025 targets regardless of who occupied the White House, but he believes the EPA’s recent move may carry relatively little weight.
“Of all the things that are likely to drive fuel economy, I would rank the EPA a distant third on the list, behind consumer preferences and the direction of technology,” he said.
United Auto Workers union President Dennis Williams said while around 60 percent of U.S. auto sales are currently trucks and SUVs, consumers value fuel-economy improvements for those vehicles.
“The automakers shouldn’t make the mistake of sliding backward,” Williams said. “We’re here to protect our (union) members, but we understand that in doing so we also have to look at the future.”




ARTICLE
March 23, 2017

HEALTHCARE
Trump fails to persuade enough skeptical members of his own Republican Party to begin dismantling Obamacare, forcing the House of Representatives to delay a vote on the healthcare legislation.

SUPREME COURT
Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer pledges to pursue a procedural hurdle to try to block the confirmation of Trump’s Supreme Court nominee, Neil Gorsuch, a move that could provoke a nasty partisan fight and change the way the Senate does business.

SURVEILLANCE
The Republican head of the U.S. House of Representatives Intelligence Committee apologizes for his handling of sensitive allegations about U.S. spy agency surveillance of President Donald Trump’s team.

KEYSTONE PIPELINE
The State Department will approve on Friday the permit needed to proceed with construction of the Canada-to-United States Keystone XL oil pipeline, a project blocked by former President Barack Obama, according to government sources.

IMMIGRATION
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is directing U.S. diplomatic missions to identify “populations warranting increased scrutiny” and to toughen screening for visa applicants in those groups, according to diplomatic cables seen by Reuters.

NOMINEES
The Senate narrowly confirms Trump’s nominee for ambassador to Israel, David Friedman, an outspoken bankruptcy lawyer aligned with the Israeli right.
Jay Clayton, the Wall Street attorney chosen by Trump to lead the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, defends himself against charges that he had multiple conflicts of interest that would cause him to miss too many SEC votes.

IRAN
Iran would face tighter U.S. sanctions over ballistic missile launches and other non-nuclear activities under a bill announced by a bipartisan group of senators, echoing a harder line on Tehran espoused by Trump.

TRADE, PROCUREMENT
The Trump administration is preparing new executive orders to re-examine all 14 U.S. free trade agreements and review government procurement policies to aid American companies, two administration officials say.

MIDDLE EAST
Two months after stepping down as Obama’s ambassador to Israel, Dan Shapiro sees some good in the initial peace efforts by the new Trump administration, even as he voices grievances against it.

TRUMP HOTEL
The Trump International Hotel in Washington is not in violation of federal conflict-of-interest rules that bar elected officials from taking part in a lease of federal property, the U.S. General Services Administration says.




ARTICLE
March 23, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The Trump International Hotel in Washington is not in violation of federal conflict-of-interest rules that bar elected officials from taking part in a lease of federal property, the U.S. General Services Administration said on Thursday.
Critics argued that the luxury hotel housed in the historic Old Post Office a few blocks from the White House was a conflict of interest for Republican President Donald Trump because he is both landlord and tenant of the building. Lawyers for the hotel said the claim had no merit.
Democratic lawmakers asked the GSA, which oversees federal property, to clarify the status of the lease arrangement.
“We would like to thank the GSA for their diligent review of this matter,” Amanda Miller, a spokeswoman for the hotel, said in an email.
In January, Trump said he would maintain ownership of his global business empire, but hand control to his two oldest sons while president. His eldest son, Donald Trump Jr., subsequently took the reins of the Washington hotel.
In a letter from GSA contracting officer Kevin Terry to Donald Trump Jr., the agency said the issue had been resolved by the younger Trump taking over as head of the company that runs the hotel and by changes to its internal operating agreement.
The GSA said the company, the Trump Old Post Office LLC, was in full compliance with the section of the lease prohibiting elected federal officials from having any part of it.
The hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue has become a rallying point for anti-Trump protesters.
Two Democratic U.S. congressmen, Elijah Cummings of Maryland and Peter DeFazio of Oregon, voiced displeasure with the GSA decision.
“Any elected official can now defy the restriction by following this blueprint,” they said in an email statement, calling the agency’s letter “completely inadequate.”
“This decision allows profits to be reinvested back into the hotel so Donald Trump can reap the financial benefits when he leaves the White House,” they added. “This is exactly what the lease provision was supposed to prevent.”
A Washington restaurant sued the president and Trump Old Post Office LLC this month, claiming patrons had shifted business there to curry favor with his administration. A Trump Organization attorney said the lawsuit lacked merit.




ARTICLE
March 23, 2017
By Patricia Zengerle
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The U.S. Senate on Thursday narrowly confirmed President Donald Trump’s nominee to be ambassador to Israel, David Friedman, an outspoken bankruptcy lawyer aligned with the Israeli right.
The vote was 52 to 46, almost exclusively along party lines. Only two Democrats, Senators Robert Menendez and Joe Manchin, joined Trump’s fellow Republicans in backing Friedman.
That amount of opposition is highly unusual for a nominee for U.S. ambassador to Israel, a close ally of the United States. For decades, nominees from both Democratic and Republican presidents have been approved without objection, via unanimous consent or voice votes.
Friedman, who has no diplomatic experience, is a longtime friend of Trump who worked for the Republican former New York businessman as a bankruptcy lawyer.
In addition to investing in settlements on land claimed by the Palestinians, Friedman favors moving the U.S. embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. The relocation is strongly opposed by many U.S. allies because both Israel and the Palestinians claim the city as their capital.
Friedman is also known for using inflammatory language against those with whom he has political disagreements, such as describing former President Barack Obama as anti-Semitic. Democrats said his approach could risk security in a volatile region.
“Our ambassador should not be the kind of person who uses language to fuel violence, hate, instability,” Democratic Senator Brian Schatz said on the Senate floor before the final confirmation vote.
Trump’s selection of Friedman reflects his shift in policy toward Israel after years of friction between Obama and Israeli leader Benjamin Netanyahu. Unlike Obama, Trump has wavered on the U.S. commitment to a two-state solution, long a bedrock of Washington’s Middle East policy, and backed the embassy’s relocation.
When Friedman was approved by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, also largely along party lines, Republican Senator Bob Corker, the panel’s chairman, praised him as an “impassioned advocate” for strong U.S.-Israeli ties.
“He understands the complexity of issues at stake for the United States and the necessity to support a democratic ally in an important and unstable part of the world,” Corker said.
Thursday’s vote meant that Trump will have an ambassador in place in time for next week’s annual conference in Washington of the powerful pro-Israel lobbying group AIPAC.




ARTICLE
March 23, 2017
By David Shepardson
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The U.S. Senate on Thursday voted narrowly to repeal regulations requiring internet service providers to do more to protect customers’ privacy than websites like Alphabet Inc’s Google <GOOGL.O> or Facebook Inc <FB.O>.
The vote was along party lines, with 50 Republicans approving the measure and 48 Democrats rejecting it. The two remaining Republicans in the Senate were absent and did not cast a vote.
According to the rules approved by the Federal Communications Commission in October under then-President Barack Obama, internet providers would need to obtain consumer consent before using precise geolocation, financial information, health information, children’s information and web browsing history for advertising and internal marketing.
The vote was a victory for internet providers such as AT&T Inc <T.N>, Comcast Corp <CMCSA.O> and Verizon Communications Inc <VZ.N>, which had strongly opposed the rules.
The bill next goes to the U.S. House of Representatives, but it was not clear when they would take up the measure.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said the Senate was overturning a regulation that “makes the internet an uneven playing field, increases complexity, discourages competition, innovation, and infrastructure investment.”
But Democratic Senator Ed Markey said, “Republicans have just made it easier for American’s sensitive information about their health, finances and families to be used, shared, and sold to the highest bidder without their permission.”
FCC Chairman Ajit Pai said consumers would have privacy protections even without the Obama administration internet provider rules.
In a joint statement, Democratic members of the FCC and the Federal Trade Commission said the Senate vote “creates a massive gap in consumer protection law as broadband and cable companies now have no discernible privacy requirements.”
Republican commissioners, including Pai, said in October that the rules would unfairly give websites like Facebook, Twitter Inc <TWTR.N> or Google the ability to harvest more data than internet service providers and thus dominate digital advertising. The FCC earlier this month delayed the data rules from taking effect.
The Internet and Television Association, a trade group, in a statement praised the vote as a “critical step towards re-establishing a balanced framework that is grounded in the long-standing and successful FTC privacy framework that applies equally to all parties operating online.”
Websites are governed by a less restrictive set of privacy rules overseen by the Federal Trade Commission.
Jonathan Schwantes, senior policy counsel for advocacy group Consumers Union, said the vote “is a huge step in the wrong direction, and it completely ignores the needs and concerns of consumers.”




ARTICLE
March 23, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee apologized to Democratic members of the panel for going public and to the White House before briefing them about information he said he obtained about surveillance of President Donald Trump’s team, a committee aide said on Thursday.
Committee chairman Representative Devin Nunes also promised to work with the panel’s Democrats and share information with them, the aide said, a day after committee Democrats said Nunes’ actions raised questions about the panel’s ability to credibly investigate potential ties between Trump associates and Russia.
Nunes surprised and angered committee Democrats and some of his fellow Republicans on Wednesday with a surprise announcement that some private communications by Trump and members of his team may have been swept up by U.S. intelligence as they monitored foreign targets.






ARTICLE
March 23, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – A House intelligence committee Democrat said on Thursday there was a “grave question” about the objectivity of the panel’s Republican chairman after remarks he made about the incidental surveillance of members of President Donald Trump’s transition team.
“He knows, full well, that there is grave question about his objectivity and I think over the next few days we are going to assess whether or not we feel confident that he can continue in that role,” Representative Jackie Speier told reporters, speaking of remarks committee Chairman Devin Nunes had made on Wednesday.




ARTICLE
March 23, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Republican U.S. Representative Mo Brooks said he believed up to 40 Republicans still opposed their party’s healthcare legislation on Thursday, while the chairman of the House of Representatives Ways and Means committee said he was not sure when a vote would be taken.
“In my judgment right now there are probably about 30 or 40 ‘no’ votes on the Republican side,” Brooks, a member of the conservative Freedom Caucus, said on MSNBC. Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady said he believed Republicans were getting closer to a measure they could agree on.
“I don’t know the timing on this, but I know we are getting very close,” Brady said on Fox News. “I know we still have work to do to make sure members’ concerns are heard.”




ARTICLE
March 23, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The No. 2 Democrat in the U.S. House of Representatives said on Thursday it was clear Republicans were falling short in their effort to secure votes to pass their healthcare bill, and said he doubted they would succeed.
“Clearly, they don’t have the votes now because the president is working it very hard, the Republican leadership is working very hard, and they’re making changes” to the legislation, House Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer told MSNBC.




ARTICLE
March 23, 2017
By Yuval Ben-David
TEL AVIV (Reuters) – Two months after stepping down as Barack Obama’s ambassador to Israel, Dan Shapiro sees some good in the initial peace efforts by the new administration of Donald Trump, even as he voices his grievances against it.
“So far the approach on the Israeli-Palestinian issue has been more cautious and more responsible than almost anything else,” Shapiro told Reuters.
“I can’t quite explain why on this one issue they’re closer to the norm than they’ve been on other issues.”
Shapiro has gained a following of thousands on his new personal Twitter account, sharing insights gleaned from nearly six years in the Tel Aviv embassy and face-to-face contacts with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, and correcting misconceptions he perceives on social media about Obama’s diplomacy.
In the interview, he said Trump has surprised him by calling for a slowdown in Israeli settlement construction on occupied land Palestinians seek for a state.
The former envoy praised the Republican president’s chief negotiator Jason Greenblatt for meeting a cross-section of Israelis and Palestinians during a visit last week that has led to U.S.-Israeli discussions on limiting settlement building.
Still, Shapiro cautioned, Trump’s government is inconsistent and unpredictable. 
“I’m not sure how comfortable the Israelis should be with an administration that’s hard to read, that’s far from fully staffed, that has a very undeveloped policymaking apparatus and has very divergent voices within it,” he said.
On other diplomatic fronts, Shapiro said, the Trump administration has been cozying up dangerously to Russia, backtracking from free trade agreements and international organizations and calling into question Washington’s NATO obligations.
When news broke earlier this week that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson planned to skip a NATO meeting, Shapiro pointed on Twitter to a failure to fill staff vacancies.
“That’s OK, he’ll just send his Dep … I mean, that’s OK, he’ll send the Underse … I mean, that’s OK, he’ll send an Assistan … Oh, never mind,” he wrote. 
Now an adviser at a hedge fund and a distinguished visiting fellow at Israel’s Institute for National Security Studies, Shapiro took the unorthodox course of staying in Israel after leaving his diplomatic post so that a daughter could finish high school exams.
The decision to delay his family’s return, Shapiro said in an interview with Reuters, also allows him to avoid what he described as the “bleak” mood in Washington following Donald Trump’s election as president.
Shapiro has avoided wading into Israel’s domestic politics on Twitter, saying that as a guest in the country, it would be unseemly to do so.
Looking back on the failures of the Obama administration’s Israeli-Palestinian peace efforts, he suggested that former Secretary of State John Kerry may have been too idealistic in pursuing talks that collapsed in 2014.
“We might have adjusted our approach had we taken a very realistic assessment whether we had the leadership dynamics to achieve a breakthrough in negotiations,” said Shapiro.
The United States, he said, had been aware after efforts during Obama’s first term, of the deep personal mistrust between Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas.
“And so it’s a fair question about whether it was realistic at the beginning of the second term that with a concerted effort we could achieve an appreciably different result,” Shapiro said.




ARTICLE
March 23, 2017
By Steve Gorman
Fukumoto, 33, the youngest Hawaii legislator to serve as House minority leader, said divisive campaign rhetoric during the 2016 elections convinced her the Republican Party no longer reflected her political values or the interests of her state’s diverse population.
“This election, I saw members of my party marginalizing and condemning minorities, ethnic or otherwise, and making demeaning comments towards women,” she said in an open letter of resignation to the Republican Party.
Fukumoto, who is of mixed Japanese and Irish ancestry, said she found Trump’s comments about banning Muslim immigrants and the possibility of establishing a registry of Muslim-Americans to be especially troubling.
“I wanted very badly to see the Republican Party denounce his comments, and that didn’t happen,” she told Reuters, saying a Muslim registry struck her as “one step away” from internment camps.
“That for me was the issue that really changed how I felt.”
A self-described political moderate, Fukumoto was the first Republican in 26 years to represent the largely middle-class central Oahu district outside Honolulu, capital of the predominantly Democratic state.
She said she originally joined the Republicans out of a sense that Democrats were the status quo party, but she grew gradually disillusioned with the Republicans.
She recounted a fellow Republican caucus member admonishing her last year that they should be considered the “party of middle America” despite Hawaii’s diverse demographics.
Before making the switch, Fukumoto sent out a questionnaire to constituents seeking their opinions. Of those who replied, 76 percent said they would support her regardless, while most of the remainder opposed her changing parties, she said.
First elected to the state legislature in 2012, Fukumoto  became leader of the state’s tiny House Republican caucus two years later, only to be removed by her peers in February of this year after she spoke out against Trump during the Women’s March in Hawaii the day after his inauguration.
As of Wednesday, Fukumoto, became the lone independent among 45 Democrats and five remaining Republicans in the state’s lower House, as she launches a process of applying for membership in the state’s majority party.




ARTICLE
March 23, 2017
By Arshad Mohammed
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The State Department, which was criticized for former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server, said on Wednesday it failed to meet an end-of-2016 deadline to manage all its email records electronically.
The department, and other U.S. government agencies, had more than four years to meet the deadline under an Aug. 24, 2012, directive that aimed to eliminate the use of paper records as much as possible in favor of electronic record-keeping.
That directive was part of an Obama administration effort to update government record-keeping for the digital age and promote accountability for official decisions by ensuring they are properly documented and preserved for future generations.
In a report posted by the National Archives on Wednesday, the State Department checked the “No” box in response to a question on whether it had met the goal of managing all its email records in an electronic format by Dec. 31, 2016.
In the report, the State Department said it had met the goal on its main, centralized email systems accounting for the “overwhelming majority” of its emails.
“However, the Department does have additional email systems that require further evaluation before we will certify that all email records are managed in an electronic format,” it said, saying it was working hard to “fully meet” the goal.
The State Department had no immediate comment on the matter.
The department’s record-keeping and email archiving practices attracted scrutiny during the 2016 presidential campaign when the New York Times reported that Clinton had used a private email server as secretary of state.
The Democrat’s use of the server to conduct official business throughout her 2009-2013 State Department tenure was criticized by Republican Donald Trump, who defeated her for the presidency in last November’s election.
An internal government watchdog issued a report last year that found Clinton broke government rules by using the private email server for her work as America’s top diplomat without approval.
The State Department’s Office of the Inspector General said it found no evidence Clinton sought permission to use a server at her Chappaqua, New York, home to handle her work emails and it quoted officials as saying they would have rejected her doing so if they had been asked.
The report also found problems in department record-keeping practices before Clinton’s tenure, and it documented how slowly the department had moved to bring record-keeping into the age of electronic communications.




ARTICLE
March 23, 2017
By David Shepardson
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The U.S. Senate on Wednesday took up a measure to repeal regulations adopted by the Obama administration requiring internet service providers to do more to protect customers’ privacy than websites like Alphabet Inc’s Google or Facebook Inc.
The Senate began debate on Wednesday evening under a provision that allows Congress to repeal recently approved federal regulations.
Under the rules approved by the Federal Communications Commission in October under then-President Barack Obama, internet providers would need to obtain consumer consent before using precise geolocation, financial information, health information, children’s information and web browsing history for advertising and internal marketing.
Earlier this month, the FCC temporarily blocked those rules from taking effect, a victory for internet providers such as AT&T Inc Comcast Corp and Verizon Communications Inc that had strongly opposed the measure.
A final Senate vote on the measure is expected on Thursday, but it was not clear when the U.S. House of Representatives might take up the measure.
“Congress needs to repeal these privacy restrictions in order to restore balance to the internet ecosystem and provide certainty to consumers,” said Senator Jeff Flake, a Republican who sponsored the measure.
But Democratic Senator Bill Nelson said that broadband providers build profiles “about our children from birth. This is a gold mine of data – the holy grail so to speak. It is no wonder that broadband providers want to be able to sell this information to the highest bidder without consumers’ knowledge or consent. And they want to collect and use this information without providing transparency or being held accountable.”
The American Civil Liberties Union also criticized the proposal to undo the rules.
“With this move, Congress is essentially allowing companies like Comcast, AT&T, and Verizon to sell consumers’ private information to the highest bidder,” ACLU general counsel Neema Singh Guliani said earlier this month.
FCC Chairman Ajit Pai, nominated by Republican President Donald Trump to serve a second five-year term on the commission, said earlier this month that consumers would have privacy protections even without the Obama administration internet provider rules.
Republican commissioners, including Pai, said in October that the rules would unfairly give websites like Facebook, Twitter Inc or Google the ability to harvest more data than internet service providers and thus dominate digital advertising.
Websites are governed by a less restrictive set of privacy rules overseen by the Federal Trade Commission.
Democratic Senator Edward Markey said “just as phone companies cannot sell information about Americans’ phone calls, an internet service provider should not be allowed to sell sensitive consumer information without affirmative consent.”




ARTICLE
March 23, 2017

RUSSIA
The Republican chairman of the House of Representatives intelligence committee says some of Trump’s personal communications may have been caught up in “incidental” surveillance involving a foreign power in the months after the election.
The main investigative panel of the House of Representatives has asked the White House and the FBI for documents regarding former national security adviser Michael Flynn’s foreign contacts with Russia, Turkey and others, its Republican chairman and Democratic counterpart say.

HEALTHCARE
Trump and Republican congressional leaders appear to be losing the battle to gather enough support in the House of Representatives to pass their Obamacare rollback bill, watched by wary investors in financial markets.

MIDDLE EAST
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, speaking at a meeting of countries fighting Islamic State, says the United States will set up “interim zones of stability” to help refugees return home in the next phase of the fight against Islamic State and al Qaeda.
U.S.-led coalition aircraft drops fighters for the first time into an area near the Syrian city of Raqqa to retake territory from Islamic State in a mission that includes artillery and special operations troops.

SUPREME COURT
Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch says presidents must obey court orders and expresses uncertainty about language in the Constitution barring U.S. government officials from taking payments from a foreign country as Democrats grill him on issues involving Trump.

CABINET
Labor Secretary nominee R. Alexander Acosta tells a Senate committee he will abide by Trump’s directive to review a pending “fiduciary rule” for retirement investment advisers, indicating he believed it goes too far.

STATE DEPARTMENT
The Senate Foreign Relations Committee will meet with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to discuss the administration’s proposed budget, the panel’s chairman says, after heated opposition in Congress to Trump’s plan to slash funding for diplomacy and foreign aid.
A New York state judge is ordering ExxonMobil Corp to work with New York’s attorney general to recover lost emails from an account used by Tillerson when he was the oil company’s chief executive.

INTERNET PRIVACY
The Senate takes up a measure to repeal regulations adopted by the Obama administration requiring internet service providers to do more to protect customers’ privacy than websites like Alphabet Inc’s Google or Facebook Inc.




ARTICLE
March 22, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The top U.S. House of Representatives intelligence committee Democrat said on Wednesday he had “grave concerns” about the committee’s ability to conduct a credible investigation after its Republican chairman suggested President Donald Trump’s communications may have been collected during surveillance.
“I have expressed my grave concerns with the Chairman that a credible investigation cannot be conducted this way,” U.S. Representative Adam Schiff said in a statement. The House intelligence panel is conducting one of the main congressional investigations of possible ties between Trump associates and Russia during the 2016 U.S. president election.
Republican Representative Devin Nunes, the committee’s chairman, announced at a news conference on Wednesday that an anonymous source had provided him with information that communications by associates of Trump’s and possibly Trump’s had been swept up during routine surveillance.




ARTICLE
March 22, 2017
By Keith Coffman
DENVER (Reuters) – A Colorado talk radio host who once chaired the state Republican Party and has accused Democrats of widespread voter fraud has been charged with forging his ex-wife’s signature on a mail-in ballot in the 2016 election, court records showed on Wednesday.
Steven Curtis, 57, who served as state GOP boss from 1997 until 1999, is charged with one felony count of forgery and one misdemeanor count of tampering with a mail-in ballot, according to a criminal complaint filed in Weld County District Court.
The case stems from an inquiry lodged with the Weld County Clerk and Recorder’s Office by Curtis’s former spouse, Kelly Ireland, who contacted the agency in October to check on the status of her voter registration after the couple split.
Ireland was informed then that a signed mail-in ballot bearing her name and voter information had already been submitted, according to Carly Koppes, an elected Republican who serves as the county clerk.
“At that point, my office researched the situation further, and the signature was questionable, so we then contacted the District Attorney’s Office to start an investigation,” Koppes  told Reuters.
If convicted, Curtis faces a maximum three years in prison for forgery and up to 18 months in jail and a $5,000 fine for ballot-tampering, said Tyler Hill, a spokesman for the district attorney.
Curtis’s lawyer, Christopher Gregory, declined comment.
The former Republican Party boss hosts a morning political talk show on conservative Denver radio station KLZ-AM called “Wake Up With Steve Curtis.”
Curtis spoke about election tampering in a segment titled “Voter Fraud and Other Democratic Misbehaviors” on his Oct. 6, 2016 broadcast.
“It seems to me, and correct me if I’m wrong, but virtually every case of voter fraud I can remember in my lifetime was committed by Democrats,” Cutis said, according to an archived podcast on the station’s website.
Prosecutors allege that weeks after that broadcast, he forged his ex-wife’s ballot.
A spokeswoman for Colorado Secretary of State Wayne Williams said the Curtis case is the only allegation of voter fraud in the state from the 2016 election cycle that has resulted in a prosecution.
Curtis on Tuesday made his first appearance in court, where he was advised of the charges. A disposition hearing has been set for May, the District Attorney’s Office said.
Republican President Donald Trump has claimed, without presenting evidence, that millions of illegal voters cast ballots in the 2016 election.




ARTICLE
March 22, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The top U.S. House of Representatives intelligence committee Democrat said on Wednesday he had “grave concerns” about the committee’s ability to conduct a credible investigation after its Republican chairman suggested President Donald Trump’s communications may have been collected during surveillance.
“I have expressed my grave concerns with the Chairman that a credible investigation cannot be conducted this way,” U.S. Representative Adam Schiff said in a statement. The House intelligence panel is conducting one of the main congressional investigations of possible ties between Trump associates and Russia during the 2016 U.S. president election.
Republican Representative Devin Nunes, the committee’s chairman, announced at a news conference on Wednesday that an anonymous source had provided him with information that communications by associates of Trump’s and possibly Trump’s had been swept up during routine surveillance.

March 22, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The top U.S. House of Representatives intelligence committee Democrat said on Wednesday he had “grave concerns” about the committee’s ability to conduct a credible investigation after its Republican chairman suggested President Donald Trump’s communications may have been collected during surveillance.
“I have expressed my grave concerns with the Chairman that a credible investigation cannot be conducted this way,” U.S. Representative Adam Schiff said in a statement. The House intelligence panel is conducting one of the main congressional investigations of possible ties between Trump associates and Russia during the 2016 U.S. president election.
Republican Representative Devin Nunes, the committee’s chairman, announced at a news conference on Wednesday that an anonymous source had provided him with information that communications by associates of Trump’s and possibly Trump’s had been swept up during routine surveillance.




ARTICLE
March 22, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The top U.S. House of Representatives intelligence committee Democrat said on Wednesday he had “grave concerns” about the committee’s ability to conduct a credible investigation after its Republican chairman suggested President Donald Trump’s communications may have been collected during surveillance.
“I have expressed my grave concerns with the Chairman that a credible investigation cannot be conducted this way,” U.S. Representative Adam Schiff said in a statement. The House intelligence panel is conducting one of the main congressional investigations of possible ties between Trump associates and Russia during the 2016 U.S. president election.
Republican Representative Devin Nunes, the committee’s chairman, announced at a news conference on Wednesday that an anonymous source had provided him with information that communications by associates of Trump’s and possibly Trump’s had been swept up during routine surveillance.

March 22, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The top U.S. House of Representatives intelligence committee Democrat said on Wednesday he had “grave concerns” about the committee’s ability to conduct a credible investigation after its Republican chairman suggested President Donald Trump’s communications may have been collected during surveillance.
“I have expressed my grave concerns with the Chairman that a credible investigation cannot be conducted this way,” U.S. Representative Adam Schiff said in a statement. The House intelligence panel is conducting one of the main congressional investigations of possible ties between Trump associates and Russia during the 2016 U.S. president election.
Republican Representative Devin Nunes, the committee’s chairman, announced at a news conference on Wednesday that an anonymous source had provided him with information that communications by associates of Trump’s and possibly Trump’s had been swept up during routine surveillance.




ARTICLE
March 22, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The head of the U.S. House Freedom Caucus on Wednesday said there were still not enough votes to pass the Republican healthcare plan, but that he remained hopeful for potential changes to the bill following a meeting at the White House.
U.S. Representative Mark Meadows, who leads the group of conservative lawmakers, said that Vice President Mike Pence discussed “a couple of options” to win votes from caucus members and that he hoped Republicans could reach a consensus on the proposed legislation to rollback Obamacare.




ARTICLE
March 22, 2017
By Karen Freifeld
NEW YORK (Reuters) – A New York state judge on Wednesday ordered ExxonMobil Corp to work with New York’s attorney general to recover lost emails from an account once used by U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson when he was the oil company’s chief executive.
Justice Barry Ostrager of the State Supreme Court in Manhattan also ordered Exxon by March 31 to turn over documents from its management committee that had been subpoenaed by Eric Schneiderman, the attorney general.
Schneiderman had issued the subpoena in November, in connection with his probe into whether Exxon misled investors and the public about climate change.
At a court hearing on Wednesday, a lawyer for the attorney general said Exxon had just made a “bombshell” revelation that it had lost a year of emails from an account that Tillerson had used, but under the alias “Wayne Tracker.”     Tillerson used the alias account to send and receive information about climate change and other matters, Schneiderman said in a March 13 letter to the court.
Schneiderman said Exxon failed to disclose the “Wayne Tracker” account, and that it had been uncovered during the review of other materials.
The letter also said Exxon had produced 60 documents bearing the “Wayne Tracker” email, but had not said the account was Tillerson’s.
Exxon responded that the account was proper, enabling Tillerson to communicate easily with other Exxon officials, and set up because of the flood of email that Tillerson already received.
It has also said it does not consider the lost emails significant, and that copies of many would already have been turned over to the attorney general.
In December, Tillerson left Exxon, where he had also been chairman, and stepped down as chairman of the American Petroleum Institute trade group.
The discovery of Tillerson’s account came after disclosures that former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and current Vice President Mike Pence, when he was Indiana’s governor, had used previously undisclosed accounts to send and receive mail electronically.




ARTICLE
March 22, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The main investigative panel of the U.S. House of Representatives has asked the White House and the FBI for documents regarding former national security adviser Michael Flynn’s foreign contacts with Russia, Turkey and others, its Republican chairman and Democratic counterpart said on Wednesday.
House Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz and Ranking Democrat Elijah Cummings said in a statement that the panel also requested related documents from the Department of Defense and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence.
The committee is considering whether Flynn, who resigned less than a month after President Donald Trump took office on Jan. 20, fully disclosed his payments from foreign sources.
Flynn’s departure followed a report that the Justice Department had earlier warned the White House that Flynn could be vulnerable to blackmail for contacts with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak before Trump took office.
Another report later showed Flynn, a retired U.S. Army lieutenant general, had been working as a representative for Turkey during last year’s presidential campaign even as he was advising Trump.
Separately on Wednesday, U.S. House of Representatives intelligence committee Chairman Devin Nunes, a Republican, said  intelligence agencies had swept up incidental communications by Trump’s political campaign after the Nov. 8 election, raising concerns about spying on the newly elected president.
Chaffetz and Cummings said their request included documents on security clearance applications as well as on foreign contacts and payments, including payments Flynn received from RT, the Kremlin-backed media outlet.
The committee called for the White House and the other agencies to provide all the documents related to Flynn dating back to his retirement in 2014 to the present, and to deliver them to the panel by April 3.




ARTICLE
March 22, 2017
By Pete Schroeder
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The Republican chairman of a powerful House of Representatives committee said on Wednesday that he remains confident Congress will act to overhaul financial regulations “this year.”
Jeb Hensarling, head of the House Financial Services Committee, told Reuters that he has assurances from the White House and congressional leaders that they want to revisit the Dodd-Frank financial reform law sometime in 2017.
“Every conversation I’ve had with the president, the vice president and the speaker is that this remains a this year priority,” Hensarling said in an interview shortly after he addressed the American Bankers Association conference in Washington.
The Dodd-Frank law was enacted in 2010 in the wake of the financial crisis, and it implemented a host of new rules and restrictions on the financial industry.
The banking industry is hopeful that its years-long efforts to water down the legislation’s requirements can gain traction now that Republicans control both chambers of Congress and the White House.
However, Hensarling told the ABA that there were major tests ahead for his efforts to significantly alter the regulatory landscape for financial institutions.
He noted that his counterpart, Senate Banking Committee Chairman Mike Crapo, a Republican, faces the task of attracting enough Democratic backers to clear legislation there.
The support of at least eight Democrats would be needed to pass any major changes to Dodd-Frank. However, Hensarling noted that some of the most prominent voices in that party, like Sen. Elizabeth Warren, have honed an acute message critical of Wall Street that makes it more difficult to muster that backing.
“He has challenges that I do not have,” said Hensarling, who can move legislation through the House with solely Republican support. “Right now, I fear that a lot of Democratic senators are intimidated, frankly, by their political base.”
Some banking lobbyists have expressed concern that the White House’s ambitious legislative agenda, including massive reforms to health care and the tax code, could complicate their efforts to win support for broad Dodd-Frank changes in Congress.
Hensarling said he plans to re-introduce his ambitious rewrite of financial rules, the Financial CHOICE Act, sometime “soon.”
But in a nod to the uphill climb his legislation faces in the Senate,  he also said his committee would be considering smaller parts of the measure in separate bills as well.
“Keep hope alive; I think provisions of the CHOICE Act will be able to survive,” he told the ABA conference.
Under Hensarling’s bill, the largest U.S. banks would face less oversight. It would also dilute the powers of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.




ARTICLE
March 22, 2017
By Patricia Zengerle
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee will meet with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to discuss the administration’s proposed budget, the panel’s chairman said on Wednesday, after heated opposition in Congress to President Donald Trump’s plan to slash funding for diplomacy and foreign aid.
“I’ve let Secretary Tillerson know there’s a lot of concern about the budget issue,” Senator Bob Corker, the committee’s Republican chairman, said at a hearing on the global humanitarian crisis.
Members of the Senate panel will have lunch with Tillerson at the State Department on Thursday, he said.
Corker also made clear that when Congress takes up agriculture-related legislation next year he would push to reform current rules for distributing U.S. food aid, which make it more expensive and time-consuming to provide assistance after international crises.
“We could feed 4 to 6 million more people each year,” he said, saying some interest groups pushing to keep current rules are “extorting us.”
Yves Daccord, director-general of the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) said the humanitarian crisis in Yemen, South Sudan, northeastern Nigeria and Somalia, plus Ethiopia and Kenya, may be among the worst in recent history.
“We’re talking about 20 million directly affected, plus … several other dozen millions possibly affected,” Daccord told the hearing.
The ICRC said on Wednesday the world has just a few months to save millions in Yemen and Somalia from starvation, as war and drought ruin crops and block deliveries of food and medical care.
Many of Trump’s fellow Republicans, as well as Democrats, objected to his first budget outline last week, which boosted military spending and cut international programs by 28 percent. They said humanitarian assistance and diplomacy are at least as important to security as weapons.
“It’s essential that we maintain our international affairs budget, from this senator’s perspective,” Republican Senator Todd Young told the hearing.
The budget as presented by Trump is unlikely to pass. Congress, not the White House, determines government spending.
Corker told reporters on Tuesday that he supported efforts to make State Department programs more efficient, but wanted a more thorough review of various programs.
“I think every department of government should be looked at continuously, and so I’m all for us looking into that,” Corker said. “But I would like to walk through some of the areas that he (Tillerson) feels he wants to stress and obviously Congress ultimately will have the say (on the budget).”




ARTICLE
March 22, 2017
By Amanda Becker
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – R. Alexander Acosta, tapped by President Donald Trump to head the U.S. Labor Department, on Wednesday told a Senate panel he had reservations about an overtime rule put in place by the Obama administration, saying its effect on the economy needed to be considered.
At his confirmation hearing, Acosta conceded it was unfortunate the existing rules had not been updated in more than a decade because of cost-of-living increases.
The Obama administration rule would extend mandatory overtime pay to more than 4 million salaried workers. A federal judge blocked the rule in November and the Trump administration must decide whether to pursue or withdraw the government’s appeal.
Acosta said he had “serious questions as to whether the secretary of labor had the power to enact this in the first place.”
The remark suggests Acosta, if confirmed, may not defend the rule against legal challenges.
However, Acosta told senators he was sensitive to the fact that overtime rules have not been updated in more than a decade.
“I think it’s unfortunate that rules involving dollar values can sometimes go more than a decade, sometimes 15 years, without updating, because life does become more expensive,” he said.
“We now see an update that is a very large revision and something that needs to be considered is the impact on the economy.”
The overtime rule, issued by the Labor Department last year, more than doubled the salary ceiling under which employees would be eligible for overtime pay, from $23,660 to $47,476 a year.
Acosta, a former member of the National Labor Relations Board and dean of the Florida International University College of Law in Miami, was nominated to be labor secretary in February, one day after Trump’s original choice withdrew from consideration.
Acosta has had a decades-long career in the public sector, serving on the National Labor Relations Board under former Republican President George W. Bush, who also appointed him to be assistant attorney general in the Justice Department’s Civil Rights Division.
He was then appointed U.S. attorney for the Southern District of Florida, where he went after high-profile defendants such as Washington lobbyist Jack Abramoff and UBS, resulting in the Swiss bank paying more than $750 million in fines for a tax-avoidance scheme.
Acosta had served as a law clerk to Samuel Alito from 1994 to 1995, when the conservative Supreme Court justice was a judge at the 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
Because Acosta already has been through multiple Senate vettings for previous appointments, it is unlikely there will be surprises in his background that could derail his nomination.
Nevertheless, Democrats on the U.S. Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions questioned him about Trump’s proposal to slash the Labor Department’s budget by 21 percent.
“My personal perspective is they should not be across the board and at the same time it should not focus on particular programs,” Acosta said of the proposed cuts.
In a 23-page letter to Acosta dated Tuesday, Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, one of the most high-profile Democrats on the panel, laid out the concerns she wanted the nominee to address, beginning with the agency’s budget.
“These draconian cuts will hobble your ability to run core parts of the agency, including the divisions that investigate and enforce the federal health and safety standards that keep workers safe on the job and the federal wage and hour laws that ensure that workers are paid fairly,” Warren wrote.
Democrats also were likely to ask about the Trump administration’s proposed delay of the fiduciary rule for retirement investment advisers that was adopted under Democratic President Barack Obama and set to take effect next month.
If Acosta clears the panel he will come up for a confirmation vote before the full U.S. Senate.




ARTICLE
March 22, 2017
By Lawrence Hurley
    The justices ruled 6-2 to uphold a lower court’s 2015 ruling allowing a lawsuit by Varsity Brands Inc [LEOGRV.UL], the dominant cheerleader uniform maker, accusing smaller rival Star Athletica LLC of infringing on five of its designs to proceed.
In the majority opinion written by Justice Clarence Thomas and joined by Chief Justice John Roberts and Justices Samuel Alito, Elena Kagan, and Sonia Sotomayor, the high court put forth a two-part test for whether design elements warranted copyright protection.
The justices said the “pictorial, graphic, or sculptural features” must be “separable” from the design of a utilitarian object. The features would also have to merit copyright protection as a stand-alone work.
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg concurred in the majority decisions but said she would not have applied a “separability” test. Justices Stephen Breyer and Anthony Kennedy dissented, saying the elements could not be separated from the design.
The closely watched case centered on whether the stripes, zigzags and chevrons that typify cheerleader uniforms can be copyrighted, as Varsity contends, or are so fundamental to the purpose of the garment that they should not deserve such legal protection. Without such adornments, a cheerleader uniform might look like the commonplace “little black dress,” Star Athletica argued.




ARTICLE
March 22, 2017
By James Oliphant, Emily Stephenson and Caren Bohan
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Republicans considering whether or not to back U.S. President Donald Trump’s healthcare reforms in a crucial House of Representatives vote this week face a painful choice.
If they vote against, they could face the wrath of a vengeful and combative president. If they vote for it, they risk retribution from the billionaire brothers Charles and David Koch and other powerful right-wing players whose money can be pivotal in re-election races.
As Trump faces the most formidable, high-stakes negotiation of his presidency, the fierce battle in the U.S. Congress over his plan to replace Obamacare is a test of whether Republicans will trust him with their political futures at the risk of alienating deep-pocketed conservative advocacy groups.
As Trump and leaders in the House round up support for the bill ahead of a planned Thursday vote, some groups are threatening to retaliate against those who do support it, including the Club for Growth, the Heritage Foundation’s political arm, and Americans for Prosperity, which is part of the expansive political pressure network established by the Koch brothers.
All three groups are “keying” the vote, which means it will be a factor in determining whether the groups deem a lawmaker to be sufficiently conservative. That opens up the possibility that some Republicans who vote in favor of the bill could face a primary challenge in next year’s congressional elections and may not be able to count on help from the Kochs and others.
Trump himself warned House Republicans in a meeting on Tuesday that their seats will be at risk next year if they do not support his healthcare bill, which would modify but not eliminate Obamacare, formally known as the Affordable Care Act, Democratic former President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare legislation passed in 2010.
“He warned us that there are consequences if we don’t come together for us as a party and also for individuals,” Representative Richard Hudson of North Carolina said after the meeting. “He wasn’t threatening in any way. He was just giving us a pretty clear warning.”
Trump also told Representative Mark Meadows of North Carolina, an outspoken critic of the bill, that he was “coming after” him, according to people in the meeting. Meadows later said the president was joking.

‘OUTSIDER’ JOINS ESTABLISHMENT
Some Conservatives believe the bill does not go far enough in dismantling Obamacare and have not been satisfied by the White House’s attempts to mollify them. NBC News reported on Tuesday that 26 House Republicans oppose the bill, which would leave House Speaker Paul Ryan short of the 216 votes he needs. No Democrat is expected to support the bill.
The conflict has created an odd dynamic: Trump, who ran as an “outsider” candidate siding with the Republican political establishment against the hard-line conservatives who were some of his most ardent supporters.
At the same time, Trump has never been a favorite of libertarian conservatives such as the Kochs, or of groups such as the Club for Growth, because, among other things, he has never taken a strong stand on reining in federal spending. They opposed him during the Republican presidential campaign.
For them, the healthcare vote is a test of their continued relevance in a party seized by Trump.
The Koch network spent an estimated $250 million on last year’s election. The Koch-run Americans for Prosperity, which has chapters in more than 30 states and boasts that it can deploy 3.2 million citizen activists, spent almost $14 million on the 2016 elections, according to federal records. Freedom Partners, another Koch entity which largely targeted Democrats with attack ads, spent $30 million.
Tim Phillips, president of Americans for Prosperity, would not say directly that Republicans who support the bill will face consequences next year, but noted, “Members of Congress know how serious we take a vote like this.”
James Davis, a spokesman for Freedom Partners, said “network organizations will stand with principled lawmakers who will oppose the House healthcare proposal.”
Davis said the Koch network would spend between $300 million and $400 million ahead of the 2018 elections.

KOCH INFLUENCE
Last year, Americans for Prosperity and the Club for Growth targeted an incumbent House Republican, then-Representative Renee Ellmers of North Carolina, for being too close with House leadership and not holding the line on government spending. Ellmers lost in a primary fight.
House Republicans have been nervous about primary challenges since 2014 when Eric Cantor, then the majority leader, lost to a little-known conservative named David Brat.
Phillips said his organization last year was instrumental in getting Republican incumbents Senators Rob Portman of Ohio and Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania re-elected. The two leading Koch groups sat out then-Senator Kelly Ayotte’s tight race in New Hampshire. Ayotte lost by 0.1 percent of the vote.
“Groups such as the Kochs have been an important part of a coalition of outside Republican money,” said Nathan Gonzales, a congressional political analyst in Washington. “If that coalition falters, that could contribute to Democratic gains.”
But several lawmakers interviewed by Reuters were dismissive of the opposition by conservative groups.
“For me, this healthcare bill is an absolute no-brainer,” said Representative Devin Nunes of California, a close Trump ally. “Any conservative group who opposes it, I don’t even understand how they can categorize themselves as being a conservative group.”
The bill’s supporters have argued that voters are more likely to punish Republicans who do not act to replace Obamacare when given the chance. “If it fails there are going to be a lot of people who are looking for work in 2018,” said Representative Mike Conaway of Texas.
The political implications of the bill, though, remain largely unclear.
Even if it passes the House, the bill faces a difficult path in the Senate, where several conservatives have declared their opposition. Veteran House members recall in 2009, when then-Speaker Nancy Pelosi forced a vote on a bill that would cap carbon emissions. The bill did not pass the Senate, and many Democrats from coal states lost their seats in the 2010 elections for their votes.




ARTICLE
March 22, 2017
By Amanda Becker
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – An overhaul of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac is highly unlikely to make it into this year’s legislative calendar, Congressional staffers say, possibly shifting the new administration’s immediate focus to allowing the mortgage financing institutions’ to rebuild depleted capital.
Fannie and Freddie stocks soared late last year when President Donald Trump’s pick for Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin said the companies that have been in government conservatorship since the 2008 financial crisis should be privatized.
Hedge funds and other investors have been lobbying for the removal of government controls over the mortgage giants’ profits, which since 2012 have been transferred to the Treasury, and their eventual privatization.
The shares dipped when Mnuchin seemed to backpedal on the privatization pledge during his January confirmation hearing and suffered another setback last month when a court rejected investors’ suit against the dividend transfers.
Congressional staffers say the Senate Banking Committee has begun weekly bipartisan staff briefings on Freddie and Fannie reforms, but it is starting from scratch. The House Financial Services Committee is focused on other legislation, such as renewing the flood insurance program and rolling back parts of the Dodd-Frank financial reform, pushing the mortgage giants’ revamp down the to-do list, they say.
Instead, investors’ focus is shifting to how Mnuchin and Federal Housing Finance Agency Director Mel Watt, an Obama Administration holdover, will manage the dividends transfers.
Analysts expect the two institutions to make a full $10 billion dividend payment for the fourth quarter on March 31.  But investors will be looking for any indication from Watt or Mnuchin about whether they plan to allow the mortgage firms to retain profits later on and begin the slow recapitalization process.
Though rebuilding an adequate capital buffer would take years – as long as two to three presidential administrations, according to one analyst – it would eventually allow Fannie and Freddie to leave government conservatorship, returning value to their investors.
Watt has warned the mortgage giants have a dangerously thin capital buffer. Mnuchin said during his confirmation hearing he favored finding a “bipartisan fix.”
The two will likely wait for congressional inaction to become a de facto impasse before letting Freddie and Fannie hold on to their profits, analysts said, estimating a decision could be made two or three quarters out.
“Mnuchin has been out there talking about a bipartisan agreement,” Heights Securities analyst Edwin Groshans told Reuters. “That process will have to play out until it in essence fails. When that process fails, that would open the opportunity for Mnuchin and Watts to act.”
Tim Pagliara, an investor who founded Investors Unite, a coalition of more than 1,000 Fannie and Freddie investors, told Reuters he did not expect an imminent legislative fix and called the situation in Congress “fluid.”
“The focus is going to continue to be on the court cases and what the administration is going to do – and what they’ve said they’re going to do,” Pagliara added.
President Donald Trump’s administration generally supports transferring government programs to the private sector. Trump donor John Paulson runs three hedge funds in which the president has invested and which held stakes in the mortgage institutions. Mnuchin, under the terms of a government ethics agreement, divested between $1 million and $2 million he had in Paulson’s funds.
Fannie and Freddie provide stability to the U.S. housing market by buying mortgages and bundling them into government-backed securities. During the financial crisis, they received $187 billion in government aid and by now have repaid $265 billion via dividend payments to the Treasury.
FHFA’s Watt has warned the payments have depleted the companies’ capital buffer and that by January 2018 they will have “no ability to weather quarterly losses.”
Fannie was required by law to keep a minimum capital reserve of about $33 billion and Freddie $29 billion headed into the 2008 bailout, which suspended those requirements.
Industry analysts, shareholders and advocacy groups – both conservative and liberal – all believe that the same 2008 bailout law gives Watt the authority to allow the companies to begin rebuilding capital, without waiting for Congress.




ARTICLE
March 22, 2017
By Amanda Becker
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – An overhaul of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac is highly unlikely to make it into this year’s legislative calendar, Congressional staffers say, possibly shifting the new administration’s immediate focus to allowing the mortgage financing institutions’ to rebuild depleted capital.
Fannie and Freddie stocks soared late last year when President Donald Trump’s pick for Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin said the companies that have been in government conservatorship since the 2008 financial crisis should be privatized.
Hedge funds and other investors have been lobbying for the removal of government controls over the mortgage giants’ profits, which since 2012 have been transferred to the Treasury, and their eventual privatization.
The shares dipped when Mnuchin seemed to backpedal on the privatization pledge during his January confirmation hearing and suffered another setback last month when a court rejected investors’ suit against the dividend transfers.
Congressional staffers say the Senate Banking Committee has begun weekly bipartisan staff briefings on Freddie and Fannie reforms, but it is starting from scratch. The House Financial Services Committee is focused on other legislation, such as renewing the flood insurance program and rolling back parts of the Dodd-Frank financial reform, pushing the mortgage giants’ revamp down the to-do list, they say.
Instead, investors’ focus is shifting to how Mnuchin and Federal Housing Finance Agency Director Mel Watt, an Obama Administration holdover, will manage the dividends transfers.
Analysts expect the two institutions to make a full $10 billion dividend payment for the fourth quarter on March 31.  But investors will be looking for any indication from Watt or Mnuchin about whether they plan to allow the mortgage firms to retain profits later on and begin the slow recapitalization process.
Though rebuilding an adequate capital buffer would take years – as long as two to three presidential administrations, according to one analyst – it would eventually allow Fannie and Freddie to leave government conservatorship, returning value to their investors.
Watt has warned the mortgage giants have a dangerously thin capital buffer. Mnuchin said during his confirmation hearing he favored finding a “bipartisan fix.”
The two will likely wait for congressional inaction to become a de facto impasse before letting Freddie and Fannie hold on to their profits, analysts said, estimating a decision could be made two or three quarters out.
“Mnuchin has been out there talking about a bipartisan agreement,” Heights Securities analyst Edwin Groshans told Reuters. “That process will have to play out until it in essence fails. When that process fails, that would open the opportunity for Mnuchin and Watts to act.”
Tim Pagliara, an investor who founded Investors Unite, a coalition of more than 1,000 Fannie and Freddie investors, told Reuters he did not expect an imminent legislative fix and called the situation in Congress “fluid.”
“The focus is going to continue to be on the court cases and what the administration is going to do – and what they’ve said they’re going to do,” Pagliara added.
President Donald Trump’s administration generally supports transferring government programs to the private sector. Trump donor John Paulson runs three hedge funds in which the president has invested and which held stakes in the mortgage institutions. Mnuchin, under the terms of a government ethics agreement, divested between $1 million and $2 million he had in Paulson’s funds.
Fannie and Freddie provide stability to the U.S. housing market by buying mortgages and bundling them into government-backed securities. During the financial crisis, they received $187 billion in government aid and by now have repaid $265 billion via dividend payments to the Treasury.
FHFA’s Watt has warned the payments have depleted the companies’ capital buffer and that by January 2018 they will have “no ability to weather quarterly losses.”
Fannie was required by law to keep a minimum capital reserve of about $33 billion and Freddie $29 billion headed into the 2008 bailout, which suspended those requirements.
Industry analysts, shareholders and advocacy groups – both conservative and liberal – all believe that the same 2008 bailout law gives Watt the authority to allow the companies to begin rebuilding capital, without waiting for Congress.




ARTICLE
March 22, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump will attend a summit of leaders of NATO nations on May 25 in Brussels, the White House said on Tuesday.
Trump’s visit will give him an opportunity to press his case for why many NATO allies need to boost defense spending to help spread the cost of the security umbrella.
Trump has made key European allies nervous with his demands that they increase defense spending and his talk of establishing an alliance with Russia to counter Islamic State militants.
“The president looks forward to meeting with his NATO counterparts to reaffirm our strong commitment to NATO, and to discuss issues critical to the alliance, especially allied responsibility-sharing and NATO’s role in the fight against terrorism,” a White House statement said.
Trump will welcome NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg to the White House on April 12 to discuss “how to strengthen the alliance to cope with challenges to national and international security,” the statement said.





ARTICLE
March 21, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration is not considering a carbon tax, a White House official said on Tuesday.
On Feb. 8, Trump administration officials met with a group of Republican elder statesman who called for a $40 per ton tax on carbon emissions to fend off global climate change.
In response to that meeting, the White House official said: “The Trump Administration is not considering a carbon tax.”




ARTICLE
March 21, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The Trump administration is reviewing whether it will reaffirm the goal of a world without nuclear weapons, a White House aide said on Tuesday, referring to an aim embraced by previous Republican and Democratic presidents and required by a key arms control treaty.
Christopher Ford, the National Security Council’s senior director for weapons of mass destruction and counter-proliferation, said an examination of whether global nuclear disarmament “is a realistic goal,” would be conducted as part of a wider assessment called the Nuclear Policy Review.
Ford also said the administration is reviewing responses to Russia’s deployment of nuclear-capable cruise missiles, which  Washington has denounced as a violation of the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces (INF) treaty.
He downplayed the chances of new U.S.-Russia strategic nuclear arms cuts and said Washington would for now adhere to the Iran nuclear deal.
In negotiations scheduled to open next week, the administration also will oppose – as the Obama administration did – an international treaty abolishing nuclear weapons, he said.
Ford, the only senior nuclear policy official appointed by President Donald Trump since he took office in January, spoke to a nuclear policy conference put on annually by the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, a Washington-based think tank.
His comments were the first by a top administration official that gave some indication of White House thinking on nuclear arms policy following a series of provocative comments and tweets that Trump made during and after the 2016 presidential campaign.

NUCLEAR-FREE WORLD
Trump has said that while would like to see nuclear weapons abolished, he wants the United States to have an unrivaled arsenal. He also said that the United States has “fallen behind” in its nuclear capabilities, even though it is in the midst of a 30-year, $1.3 trillion drive to modernize what most experts agree is the world’s most powerful nuclear force.
Trump has supported the development of nuclear weapons by Japan, South Korea and Saudi Arabia, called for using nuclear arms against the Islamic State militant group and denounced the Iran nuclear deal as “a disaster” that he would “rip up.”
Ford, a lawyer who has served as a Republican congressional staffer and a State Department arms control official, said he could not comment on many issues until the Nuclear Posture Review, or NPR, and other security and foreign policies reviews are completed. Experts expect the review to take as long as a year.
He also stressed that the reviews may result in continuing to follow policies pursued by former President Barack Obama.
But he said one issue being examined is whether the administration would reaffirm U.S. adherence to the goal of eventual global nuclear disarmament, an objective reaffirmed by Obama in an April 2009 speech in Prague.
“We are reviewing policy across the board,” Ford said. “That necessarily includes reviewing, among many other things, whether the goal of a world without nuclear weapons is in fact a realistic objective in the near-to-medium term in light of current trends in the international security environment.”
For decades, Ford said, there has been tension between the U.S. desire for nuclear arms abolition and the need to maintain “a robust and effective arsenal that is capable of ensuring our security and that of our allies in Europe and the broader Asia-Pacific region against both nuclear and non-nuclear threats.”
An increasingly unstable world and growing threats to U.S. national security demand a review of “whether traditional U.S. fidelity to that visionary end-state of abolition and demonstrating fidelity to it by pointing to rapid progress in reducing arsenals is still a viable strategy,” he said.
Daryl Kimball, executive director of the Arms Control Association, a Washington think tank, said the United States is legally bound to that goal as a signatory of the 1968 Non-Proliferation Treaty, the bedrock accord of the international system for halting the spread of nuclear weapons.




ARTICLE
March 21, 2017

HEALTHCARE
Trump goes to Capitol Hill to warn Republican lawmakers that voters could punish them if they do not approve the plan he favors to dismantle Obamacare, applying new pressure in the first major legislative fight of his presidency.

SUPREME COURT
Neil Gorsuch, Trump’s Supreme Court pick, says he will have no trouble ruling against the president as he tries to stake out his independence amid concerns by Democrats that he would be beholden to the man who nominated him.

TILLERSON
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson plans to skip a meeting with NATO foreign ministers next month to stay home for a visit by China’s president and will go to Russia later in April, U.S. officials say, an itinerary that allies may see as giving Moscow priority over them.

NUCLEAR ARMS
The Trump administration will review whether the United States will affirm the goal of a world without nuclear weapons, the top White House nuclear policy adviser says.

NORTH KOREA
The Trump administration is considering sweeping sanctions aimed at cutting North Korea off from the global financial system as part of a broad review of measures to counter Pyongyang’s nuclear and missile threat, a senior U.S. official says.

SECURITY
The Trump administration confirms it is imposing restrictions on electronic devices carried by travelers coming to the United States from 10 airports, mainly in the Middle East and North Africa, in response to unspecified terrorism threats.

BRITAIN
British Prime Minister Theresa May, who has been criticized by opposition for not pressing Trump on contentious issues during a trip to Washington, tells a magazine: “I like to think we got on.”

CANADA
Canada’s government, under pressure from domestic steel firms, is expressing concern to U.S. officials about a proposed “Buy America” policy that could cause heavy Canadian job losses, sources say.




ARTICLE
March 21, 2017
By Pete Schroeder
Sen. Sherrod Brown said he was eager to work on areas of bipartisan agreement, but made clear big changes to Dodd-Frank, created after the 2008 financial crisis, do not fit that bill.
“What we will not do is a wholesale rollback of Dodd-Frank,” he said at an American Bankers Association conference. “That would be counterproductive… the law is working.”
Brown argued that significant changes to the 2010 law, which Republicans are seeking, would actually be problematic for the banking industry, even as he expressed a willingness to revisit specific parts of financial rules.
“Big changes create uncertainty, which is bad for everyone,” he said.
Shortly after President Donald Trump was elected, his transition team said it would “dismantle” the Dodd-Frank legislation. As president, Trump has voiced support for efforts by the Republican chair of the House of Representatives Financial Services Committee, Jeb Hensarling, to rewrite the law. He has also directed agencies to review how Dodd-Frank regulations affect banks and other financial services companies.
Brown said he would not resist any and all efforts to revisit rules on the financial sector, expressing fondness for the new Republican chairman of the banking panel, Sen. Mike Crapo.
“The days of the Senate Banking Committee and its dysfunction and, let’s just say less than busy work ethic, I hope is behind us,” he said. “We both have a commitment to work on issues we can come together on.”
On Monday, Crapo and Brown jointly announced they were seeking public input on policy changes that could “foster economic growth.” Efforts to relax certain rules, particularly for smaller community banks and credit unions, could be an area of common ground for the two.
Crapo took control of the panel from Sen. Richard Shelby in 2017, after the end of Shelby’s term as its head.




ARTICLE
March 21, 2017
Washington, D.C. – Trey Yingst, OAN Chief White House Correspondent
New guidelines released Tuesday ban large carry-on electronics from airline cabins coming to the US from 10 airports across the Middle East and North Africa.
Computers, DVD players and iPads are a few of the many items that must be checked if travelers are arriving from 8 different countries identified to have security gaps.
The list of airports are located in countries such as Turkey, Egypt and Saudi Arabia. Airlines that must comply with the ban have 96 hours to implement the new procedures.
The Department of Homeland Security did not indicate if the ban on large electronics would be permanent or temporary.
“The steps that are being taken are appropriate, commensurate with the intelligence that we have,” Press Secretary Sean Spicer said.
According to early reports, the UK and Canada are considering similar guidelines that follow the security measures taken by the Trump administration.
 



ARTICLE
March 21, 2017
By Phil Stewart and Steve Holland
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said he won assurances of greater U.S. support in fighting Islamic State militants in talks on Monday with President Donald Trump and top advisers, but cautioned that military might alone would not be sufficient.
Abadi’s remarks followed his first face-to-face meeting at the White House with Trump, who took office on Jan. 20 pledging a new strategy to defeat the hardline militant group that seized large swaths of Iraq and Syria in 2014.
Even before Trump took office, Iraqi forces recaptured a string of major cities from Islamic State, shrank the militant group’s finances and significantly stemmed the flow of foreign fighters, all with the support of U.S.-led coalition air strikes and military advisers.
Abadi said Trump appeared more enthusiastic about battling Islamist extremists than Barack Obama’s administration had been.
“I think they’re prepared to do more to fight terrorism and be more engaged,” Abadi told a forum in Washington hours after his meeting with Trump, adding he had been told U.S. “support will not only continue but will accelerate.”
“But of course we have to be careful here,” Abadi said. “We are not talking about military confrontation as such. Committing troops is one thing, while fighting terrorism is another thing.”
Abadi, who leads the Shi’ite majority government in Baghdad, said it would be crucial to win over the local population in Sunni-dominated Mosul to achieve lasting peace.
A White House statement about the meeting said both Trump and Abadi agreed that “terrorism cannot be defeated by military might alone,” and the two leaders called for deepening commercial ties, including in the energy sector.
At the forum, Abadi called for more financial contributions from the international community.
“We (would) love to see more funds so that we can quickly (regain) prosperity and stabilization in these areas,” he said.

TOUGH JOB
Abadi spoke as Iraqi forces made steady progress in seizing back Mosul, Iraq’s second largest city, from Islamic State, which officials expect will become a more classic insurgency once it loses its last major strongholds.
In a sign of the threat, a car bomb killed at least 23 people and wounded more than 45 in a mainly Shi’ite southern district, police and medical sources said.
There was no claim of responsibility, but Islamic State has carried out similar attacks in Baghdad and other cities as its hold on Mosul weakens.
Earlier in the day, as the two men met, Trump told Abadi that he knew his forces were fighting hard.
“It’s not an easy job,” Trump said. “It’s a very tough job. Your soldiers are fighting hard. I know Mosul is moving along. … We will figure something out.
“Our main thrust is we have to get rid of ISIS. We’re going to get rid of ISIS. It will happen. It’s happening right now,” Trump added, using an acronym for Islamic State.
Asked whether he had seen the Trump administration’s plan to wipe out Islamic State, Abadi said: “I haven’t seen a full plan. I know there is a plan. I haven’t seen it.”
Abadi is in Washington this week ahead of a gathering of world leaders of a coalition fighting Islamic State.
In many ways, his visit comes at a high point for him after successfully appealing to Trump to remove Iraq from a list of countries included in a revamped travel ban.
Trump decided this month’s revised order temporarily banning the entry of travelers from several Muslim-majority nations would not include Iraq because of its cooperation with the United States. Both the initial Jan. 27 travel ban and the revised version have been blocked by federal courts.
Detractors argue the ban discriminated against Muslims in violation of the U.S. Constitution’s guarantee of religious freedom. Trump says the measure is necessary for national security to protect the country from terrorist attacks.
“I thank you for removing Iraq from the presidential order … this was a positive response to the Iraqi request that betters the relationship with Iraq and the value of Iraq as far as Iraqi-American relations,” Abadi told Trump.




ARTICLE
March 21, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – President Donald Trump’s daughter, Ivanka Trump, is getting an office in the White House West Wing, stepping up her highly visible role in helping advise her father.
A White House official on Monday confirmed reports that Trump’s 35-year-old daughter would be getting her own West Wing space, as well as access to classified information and a government-issued phone.
She is not expected to have an official title and will not be paid a salary.
Ivanka Trump will be joining her husband, Jared Kushner, who is a chief adviser to the president and is a regular presence at his father-in-law’s side.
When Kushner’s job was announced earlier this year, aides said Ivanka would not take on a role in her father’s White House but would focus on settling her family in Washington.
Since then, she has been a frequent behind-the-scenes adviser. Last Friday, she sat next to visiting German Chancellor Angela Merkel when Merkel visited the White House.




ARTICLE
March 21, 2017
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (Reuters) – President Donald Trump said on Monday he was preparing new executive actions to save coal mining and put miners back to work.
“As we speak we are preparing new executive actions to save our coal industry and to save our wonderful coal miners from continuing to be put out of work. The miners are coming back,” Trump told a rally in Louisville, Kentucky, without providing any details.




ARTICLE
March 16, 2017
Washington, DC – Kendall Forward, OAN Political Correspondent
In his weekly press conference, Thursday, House Speaker Paul Ryan addressed concerns about wiretapping, healthcare, his relationship with the president and many more topics making headlines in Washington.
Ryan spoke briefly before moving onto questioning. For the most part he stuck to healthcare and the House Budget Act, rolled out Thursday morning.
He hailed the president’s ability to make deals, saying “The President has a connection with individuals in this country.” He called Trump Reagan-esque and denied any division between him, The President, or any other key White House players, saying “they talk constantly and are absolute partners every step of the way.”
He also added Trump’s unorthodox ways are what gets deals done; “This president is getting deeply involved he is helping bridge gaps in our conference he is a constructive force to help us get to a resolution so we get a consensus on how to repeal and replace ObamaCare.”
Last week, Ryan rolled up his sleeves and devoted the majority of his time to selling the healthcare plan, which many legislators from both parties have called “dead on arrival”.
“We feel like we are making great strides and great progress on getting a bill that can pass, because it incorporates the kinds of feedback from members from all walks of life in our conference. I have not heard from those senators,” said Ryan. “The senators who’ve been critical of the House Bill, none of them have called me.  So, I’m not sure what exactly their concerns are.”
However, the speaker will have other concerns to address, as he and the president are already facing opposition from another direction — President Trump’s 2018 budget, which he asked Congress to approve Thursday morning.
The budget seeks to bolster military programs and begin building the wall along Mexico, while drastically cutting many federal agencies.



ARTICLE
March 15, 2017
New York, NY – Claire Hardwick, OAN Political Correspondent
While the Democratic Party continues to try and connect President Trump with Russia, recent revelations show Sberbank, Russia’s largest bank, has given huge amounts of money not to the president, but to Democratic insider John Podesta’s brother, Tony Podesta.
Charles Ortel, who investigates potential Clinton Foundation corruption, said the Democratic Party was very quick to say President Trump had a connection with Russia, and that Russia meddled in the 2016 presidential campaign.
But a recent article in The Daily Caller shows that while there is no definitive proof of a connection between Trump and Russia, there is proof of a connection between Russia and members of the Democratic Party.
“Sberbank is if not the largest Russian bank, one of them. It featured heavily in the Clinton Cash book as the bank that helped arrange the purchase of Uranium One. So it’s a bank that’s very active in Russia, very tied into the Russian oligarchs. All during the 2016 campaign, and even now, the allegation has been from the Democrats ‘it’s Trump who has the Russian ties. Trump won’t explain his Russian ties. Well recently, it’s just come out in an excellent article by Richard pollack at the Daily Caller, documents just how much the Podesta group which I think is run by Tony Podesta, John Podesta’s brother and their very close friends and business partners, the Podesta Group was being paid a lot of money by Sberbank during the campaign,” Ortel said.
Ortel said this was not disclosed on the various forms as it should have been disclosed.
And is a perfect example of potential government corruption in what is known to millions of Americans who voted for Trump as the “DC swamp.”



ARTICLE
March 11, 2017
By Joel Schectman and Mark Hosenball
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions abruptly asked the remaining 46 chief federal prosecutors left over from the Obama administration to resign on Friday, including Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara, who had been asked to stay on in November by then President-elect Donald Trump.
Although U.S. attorneys are political appointees, and the request from Trump’s Justice Department is part of a routine process, the move came as a surprise. Not every new administration replaces all U.S. attorneys at once.
A Justice Department spokeswoman confirmed the resignation requests included Bharara, whose office handles some of the most critical business and criminal cases passing through the federal judicial system.
Bharara met with Trump in Trump Tower on Nov. 30. After, Bharara told reporters the two had a “good meeting” and he had agreed to stay on.
On Friday, Bharara was unsure where he stood because he did not know if the person who contacted him about resigning was aware that Trump had asked him to remain in office, according to a source familiar with the matter.
It was not immediately clear if all resignations would ultimately be accepted.
A Justice Department spokesman said on Friday Trump had called Dana Boente, acting U.S. deputy attorney general, to decline his resignation.
Trump also called Maryland U.S. Attorney Rod Rosenstein, his pick to take over as deputy attorney general, to keep him in his post, the spokesman said.

CORRUPTION CRUSADER
Bharara, appointed by Democratic President Barack Obama in 2009, has pursued an aggressive push against corruption in state and city politics and is known for his prosecution of white-collar criminal cases. He also has been overseeing a federal probe into New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio’s fundraising.
In November, he announced charges against two defendants in connection with what he called a multimillion-dollar fraud and kickback scheme at Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc <VRX.TO>.
He has also brought dozens of successful cases against insider traders, including a $1.8 billion settlement and plea deal in 2013 with hedge fund SAC Capital Advisors LP.
His office has secured settlements with companies including General Motors Co <GM.N> and JPMorgan Chase & Co <JPM.N>; won several convictions and guilty pleas of former employees of Ponzi scheme operator Bernard Madoff; and prosecuted Suleiman Abu Ghaith, a son-in-law of the late al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden.
Bharara’s priorities have often matched those set by Obama’s Justice Department, which potentially puts him at odds with the Trump administration.
Amid an increase in civil rights investigations nationally, for example, Bharara’s office joined a lawsuit that led to a settlement in 2015 aimed at reducing violence in New York City’s Rikers Island jail complex.
U.S. Senator Chuck Schumer, a Democrat, said in a statement that he was “troubled” to learn of the requests for resignations, “particularly that of Preet Bharara.”
As Schumer’s chief counsel, Bharara helped lead the investigation of the dismissals of U.S. attorneys in 2006 during the George W. Bush administration.
Robert Capers, U.S. Attorney in Brooklyn, issued a statement saying he had been asked to resign. He said Bridget Rohde, the chief assistant U.S. attorney in that office, would take over his role in an acting capacity.
The Justice Department said on Friday: “Until the new U.S. attorneys are confirmed, the dedicated career prosecutors in our U.S. attorney’s offices will continue the great work of the department in investigating, prosecuting, and deterring the most violent offenders.”




ARTICLE
March 11, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – House of Representatives Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy said on Friday it would be “very difficult” to accelerate the end of enrollment in the Obamacare Medicaid expansion, as some conservative members of his Republican Party have proposed.
“I think right now that’d be very difficult to do,” McCarthy told a press conference in answer to a question about whether the proposed freeze on Medicaid expansion could be moved up by two years to 2018 in the Republican healthcare proposal now before the House of Representatives.




ARTICLE
March 10, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The White House said on Friday that President Donald Trump did not know until this week that his former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, had been working as a representative for Turkey, although the issue was raised with the Trump team before the Republican took office.
Flynn acted as a foreign agent representing the interests of Turkey’s government in exchange for more than $500,000 during last year’s presidential campaign even as he was advising  Trump, the New York Times said on Friday.
White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters Flynn’s lobbying was a personal and business matter, and it was up to him to decide when to register.
Asked if Trump had not been aware that former general Flynn was working as a foreign agent, Spicer said: “Correct… You wouldn’t know that until he filed. He didn’t file until two days ago.”
Some U.S. lawmakers have questioned Flynn’s relationship with the government of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. Before Trump’s inauguration, Flynn’s ties to Turkey were widely reported and he wrote an article urging the United States to cultivate better relations with Erdogan.
Trump fired Flynn last month for discussing U.S. sanctions on Russia with the Russian ambassador to the United States before Trump took office on Jan. 20 and misleading Vice President Mike Pence about the conversations.
Before Trump took office, Flynn’s lawyer contacted the presidential transition team about his work for Turkey to ask what he should do, Spicer said. The lawyer was told “it was up to the personal lawyer to work with the appropriate authorities … to determine what was appropriate and what was not appropriate in terms of filing,” Spicer said.
“We trust people to fill out the forms that they are required to do so in an honest and legal manner, and in this case he retroactively filed the forms he was supposed to do,” he said.
“We did the right thing then, and we expect every employee to follow the law.”
Spicer said he did not know whether Flynn had disclosed his lobbying work in the security clearance review before he became national security adviser.




ARTICLE
March 10, 2017
New York, NY – Claire Hardwick, OAN Political Correspondent
While identity politics is being used by different political groups to promote certain ideologies, Jillian Melchior, a political writer said a place where identity politics is most prevalent, and exclusive, is on left leaning college campuses.
Melchior has spent a lot of time on college campuses, and says college campuses are ironically, becoming more exclusive.
“I do a lot of reporting on college campuses, and one thing I’ve noticed is they’ve got a lot of these buzzwords that have become really popular. One of them is inclusion. So, you know, we have to have an inclusive climate, inclusion is a priority. But a lot of times, this word inclusion is actually being used as a euphemism for exclusion,” Melchior said.
Melchior said the best example of exclusion is by policing language, where they set up inclusion programs that bar certain language.
Melchior said there is a trend on college campuses to claim you are being oppressed or targeted in some way, and it is pushing college campuses further to the left while shutting down opposing points of views.



ARTICLE
March 10, 2017
Washington, DC – Young Richardson, OAN Political Correspondent
In its waning days, the Obama Administration implemented aggressive land use regulations that undermined local land management in many western states.  Now congress has used the Congressional Review Act to roll back these onerous regulations, says Colorado Congressman Scott Tipton.
“In the West particularly where the abundance of of our natural public lands are at, we want to make sure we have access to those lands and make sure that our local communities are engaged in the planning process, as well.  Local governors, as well.  The 2.0 rule was implementing a process where communities weren’t having that actual input and supplanting the actions our governors could take, as well,” Tipton explains.
It was that 2.0 rule, implemented by the Bureau of Land Management or BLM that caused Westerners to object.  The rule would have taken many land and resource management decisions away from states and localities.  Tipton says his legislation will reverse that.
“You know, our lands are incredibly important in the State of Colorado in my district and access to those public lands.  Keep them in the public domain, but let’s make sure we are having the opportunity to grow businesses, let’s make sure that we’re using resources going to be responsible.  And protecting the land as well. And we want to make sure that we are having a place at the table.  With our state government when there is a planning process on those lands,” Tipton said.
More local control of local public lands that happen to be owned by the federal government.  That’s what western states want, but that was not what the Obama administration was doing, says Frontiers for Freedom President George Landrith who got his start as staff member for a Wyoming senator.
“The tail end of the Obama Administration as they were walking out the door, they passed a bunch of regulations on more federal rules, regulations on land that’s either controlled by the federal government or in many cases they have passed rules that effect people who own their own lands.  And they just said enough of this.”
Regulatory relief for western lands appears to be on its way.  Tipton says that his legislation has been approved by both the House and Senate, and is awaiting President Trump’s signature.



ARTICLE
March 10, 2017
Washington, DC – Kendall Forward, OAN Political Correspondent
The House Small Business Committee is working on ways ensure the federal government can ensure small businesses have the tools they need to protect themselves from cyber threats.
Cyber crimes are becoming more malicious and more commonplace. In the  increasingly technology driven, international community, the House Committee passed legislation for “Small Business Development Centers”,  and continues to focus on how small businesses can defend themselves, with far fewer resources than their bigger counterparts.
Scott Hamilton owns Hamilton’s Bar and Grill on Capital Hill. He says, “if they were able to access our bank accounts they could wipe us out,” referring to the idea of a security breach.  “If we were to lose that we couldn’t pay our employees or our rent or anything like that.”
Chairman of the House Small Business Committee, Rep. Steve Chabot works on the problem with his committee. He says,  “the bad actors are out there hitting a whole bunch of small business folks, who may not have their defenses up to the degree that larger companies and corporations can.”
According to Chabot, cybersecurity attacks cost small businesses an average of 200 thousand dollars, and lead to 60% closing their doors within  in 6 months of the attack. An even more astounding number—  70% of cyber attacks,  coming from both at home and abroad, target businesses with 100 employees or less.
“The unfortunate thing is they’re getting more sophisticated,” says Chabot.  “So those of us that want to defend and help small businesses defend against these attacks, we have to get more sophisticated.”
At Hamilton’s, Scott added  extra measures to protect himself, and his customers. “Through our P.O.S., through our credit card processor, there’s one form of it, and we actually just started working with a secondary company.”  He says his concern is much bigger than his own accounts; “the most important thing we deal with is people’s credit card data which is encrypted.”
However, Scott is in the minority, the House Committee reported in a recent hearing that only  30% of small businesses guard against cyber attacks.  The Committee is working to bring the small business community together,  and use the resources of the established “Small Business Development Centers”.
“There are thousands of these S.B.D.C.s  across the country,” says Chabot.  “We  need to make sure they’re reaching out so the 28 million small businesses all across America, and they know these services are available.”



ARTICLE
March 10, 2017

HEALTHCARE
The Trump-backed Republican plan to overhaul the U.S. healthcare system clears its first hurdle but chances for passage in Congress look uncertain amid opposition by Democrats, conservatives and industry groups.
Trump has launched a charm offensive of the type not seen before in his brief and chaotic tenure, forcefully rallying behind legislation to repeal the Obamacare healthcare law while trying to placate the bill’s opponents.

ENVIRONMENT
EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt says he is not convinced carbon dioxide from human activity is the main driver of climate change and wants Congress to weigh in on whether it is a harmful pollutant that should be regulated.

DEFENSE AND SECURITY
Trump’s plan to boost military spending comes amid mounting evidence that potential enemies have new weapons that are able to destroy much of the United States’ expensive fleet of aircraft carriers.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will host a 68-nation meeting in Washington this month to discuss the next moves by the coalition fighting Islamic State militants, a Trump administration official says.

TRAVEL BAN
Several states say they will move forward with legal challenges to a revised executive order signed by Trump that temporarily bars the admission of refugees and some travelers from a group of Muslim-majority countries.
The Department of Justice is deploying 50 judges to immigration detention facilities across the United States, according to two sources and a letter seen by Reuters and sent to judges.

REGULATION
Trump meets with community bankers and promises them he will to strip away some Dodd-Frank financial regulations and ensure they can continue giving small businesses access to capital.

DIPLOMACY
Reports that Jon Huntsman will be the next U.S. ambassador to Russia stir anxiety in Moscow, with one politician calling him a hawk and pro-Kremlin media recalling what they said was his worrying history of hostile rhetoric.
The Senate Foreign Relations Committee approves Trump’s nominee as ambassador to Israel, David Friedman, an outspoken bankruptcy lawyer aligned with the Israeli right.

RUSSIA
CNN reports that the U.S. Senate intelligence committee wants Michael Flynn, forced out as Trump’s national security adviser, and other former Trump aides to testify in its investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.

EX-SPY
A former U.S. spy, newly pardoned by Italy in connection with the CIA kidnap of a terrorism suspect in Milan, credits the Trump administration with saving her from an Italian jail.




ARTICLE
March 10, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The head of a U.S. government ethics watchdog said on Thursday he was concerned about the White House decision not to discipline presidential adviser Kellyanne Conway after she publicly endorsed a clothing and jewelry line sold by President Donald Trump’s daughter Ivanka Trump.
“Not taking disciplinary action against a senior official under such circumstances risks undermining the ethics program,” Office of Government Ethics Director Walter Shaub wrote in a letter to White House Deputy Counsel Stefan Passantino.
The ethics office had called for Conway to be disciplined after she said on television last month that people should “go buy Ivanka’s stuff,” in comments that appeared to violate government ethics rules prohibiting the use of public office to endorse products or advance personal business gains.
Passantino had said in a letter to Shaub made public last week that Conway, a senior aide to Donald Trump, had acted “inadvertently.” There was no mention of discipline in the letter.
In a separate letter to the leaders of the House of Representatives oversight panel on Thursday, Shaub said the White House response had made clear that disciplinary action would not be taken against Conway.
“Of greater concern, the White House’s response includes assertions challenging the applicability of ethics rules and OGE’s authority to oversee the ethics program for the entire executive branch. OGE disagrees with these assertions,” Shaub wrote.





ARTICLE
March 10, 2017
By Steve Holland, James Oliphant and Emily Stephenson
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – President Donald Trump has launched a charm offensive of the type not seen before in his brief and chaotic tenure, forcefully rallying behind legislation to repeal the Obamacare healthcare law while trying to placate the bill’s opponents.
In doing so, the often blustery Trump faces a test of credibility for the voters that catapulted him into office: How does a celebrity outsider, the CEO president, cut deals in Washington? Does the New York businessman live up to the image of dealmaker in chief?
Interviews with more than a dozen White House and congressional aides, members of Congress and conservative activists offer a glimpse into his attempts at conducting the most formidable, high-stakes negotiation of his presidency.
They show a more circumspect Trump than many see publicly. While they acknowledge he can make his points with a blunt and combustible style, he appears to be doing more listening than talking, they said, trying to appease both supporters and critics by signaling flexibility over legislation that faces criticism on multiple fronts.
Democrats and some influential Republicans say it would rip health insurance away from millions of Americans and increase costs for many others, including voters who helped elect Trump – a problem that could haunt his fellow Republicans in 2018 congressional elections.
Conservatives say it does not go far enough in gutting the Affordable Care Act, President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare reform passed by Democrats in 2010. Republicans have long sought to dismantle the law, which they see as government overreach. Trump has called Obamacare a “disaster” and made its repeal and replacement a key campaign pledge.
The political stakes are immense for an eight-week-old  presidency marked by instability, infighting, battles with the media, questions over temperament and a stubborn investigation into ties between his campaign and Russian intelligence.
“A lot of times you have politicians who gather in a room to pontificate. That’s not why he has gathered people in the room,” a senior White House official said of Trump’s negotiation style this week. “He’s gathered people in to hear their opinions. I think that’s lost a little bit because he does speak so forcefully. He definitely does let them say their piece, and he listens.”
The president has reached out to influential conservatives such as U.S. Senator Ted Cruz and groups such as the Heritage Foundation and Americans for Prosperity, which have expressed skepticism about the bill.
“He was gregarious, reasonable. He listened. It was a not a lecture,” said Tim Phillips, president of AFP, a group backed by billionaires Charles and David Koch and part of a small group of conservative leaders who met with Trump in the Oval Office on Wednesday night.
“He said: ‘This is a negotiation. Let’s figure out ways to make this proposal better,’” Phillips said of Trump.
Trump has indicated he will only go so far to make conservatives happy, insisting the core elements of the bill must remain intact if it has any chance to pass the House of Representatives and then the Senate, both controlled by Republicans. One sticking point involves the use of tax credits to help consumers purchase health insurance, which Trump favors.
“He’s made it clear this is the vehicle to finally undo the damage of Obamacare and repeal and replace it,” said another senior White House official. “And if it can be improved in this process, he has encouraged that.”

THIN MARGIN FOR SUCCESS
Trump is operating with a razor-thin margin for success. A defection by 20 or so Republicans in the House could sink the bill’s prospects. There is already discontent among some in the Senate, where Republicans hold an even slimmer edge. Democrats and groups such as AARP, which advocates for older Americans, and the American Medical Association have come out strongly against the bill.
Conservatives in the House and advocacy groups opposed to the bill would like to slow the process and rework its fundamentals. They argue the legislation retains basic facets of Obamacare, including federal assistance to purchase health insurance and penalties if coverage lapses.
House Speaker Paul Ryan is hoping to pass the legislation within two weeks so the House can move on to other priorities. That leaves little time for wholesale alterations.
Representative Kevin Brady, chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, said he expected the bill would largely remain in its current form. “I know lots of people have good ideas. That’s terrific. And those will fit in future bills.”
The White House has tried to persuade conservatives that the House bill is just the first step in a three-step process, and will soon be joined by a companion bill that would embrace some of their policy priorities. Regulations put in place by Secretary of Health and Human Services Tom Price will also address their concerns, aides said.
The challenge for Trump is whether he can convince enough wary conservatives to back the first step of the plan without being able to guarantee the other phases will come to pass. It could leave them on the record voting for a bill they do not feel adequately dismantles Obamacare.
Some conservatives may also not see the point of sticking their necks out backing a bill that may die in the Senate.
“This is a futile effort,” said Rachel Bovard, a policy analyst for the Heritage Foundation, which opposes the bill.

‘MAKING PEOPLE FEEL LOVED’
The White House is aggressively making the case that the House bill is the best chance to do away with Obamacare.
Moving too far rightward to placate conservatives could stir up opposition from moderate Republicans and lead to a bill that stokes a powerful backlash among millions of Americans who would lose health insurance – including many Republicans. Many Democrats are already planning to run campaigns on the issue.
The White House was busy this week trying to reassure moderate Republicans as well.
Vice President Mike Pence is holding meetings in Congress, including with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, a Republican aide said. Trump’s budget director, Mick Mulvaney, a former House member, has invited conservative lawmakers to dinner at the White House next Tuesday.
Trump plans to leverage the power of his office in another way, making trips to Kentucky and Tennessee in coming days to sell the House bill to the American public.
Earlier this week, Trump welcomed about 30 Republican House members, many of whom said they had never been in the White House before – a contrast in style from Obama, who was often criticized for not attempting to engage more fully with Congress. In the East Room, Trump told them to come back every week.
Grover Norquist, a longtime conservative tax advocate, praised Trump’s strategy, saying: “He is making people feel loved and appreciated and part of the team.”




ARTICLE
March 9, 2017
By Sarah N. Lynch
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. congressional panels in the House and Senate on Thursday approved – with bipartisan support – a handful of bills aimed at helping companies raise capital, a sign that Congress may be able to approach financial regulatory reform on a piecemeal basis without awaiting a blockbuster bill.
In separate meetings, the Senate Banking Committee led by Idaho Republican Chairman Mike Crapo and the House Financial Services Committee led by Texas Republican Jeb Hensarling approved a series of identical bills, paving the way votes by the full Senate and House of Representatives.
It is not yet known when both chambers may take up the bills.
The move is part of an effort by Congress to streamline the U.S. financial sector, and it comes at the same time that U.S. President Donald Trump is pushing to repeal or replace regulations which he contends could impede economic growth.
The bills won broad bipartisan support in both committees, with minimal dissent.
Sherrod Brown, the Senate panel’s ranking Democrat, praised the bipartisan work and said he was optimistic “there are additional common sense measures” that can tackled next.
The bills propose changes to U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission’s regulations, such as raising the dollar amount of stock options that private companies can award employees in a given year to $10 million from $5 million and easing restrictions to allow brokers to publish research on the global $3.7 trillion exchange-traded fund market.
Other changes in the bills would raise the number of people who can invest in venture capital funds without triggering a requirement to register with the SEC; subject mutual funds in Puerto Rico to the same rules funds already face on the U.S. mainland, and credit stock exchanges for any fees and assessments they may have overpaid to the SEC in the last decade.
The House Financial Services Committee also on Thursday approved a sixth bill that would require the SEC to formally consider and respond to regulatory proposals that are made annually by the agency’s Government-Business Forum on Small Business Capital Formation.
The Senate panel did not consider that bill on Thursday, but Banking Committee spokeswoman Amanda Critchfield said she expects it will be considered in the future.
Pennsylvania Republican Senator Pat Toomey, who co-sponsored the bill involving private company stock options, said on Thursday he is hopeful the measure “will be considered by the full Senate soon.”
The dual committee meetings were the first time since the November election that the Republican-led Congress has convened to consider financial legislation.
The House Financial Services Committee, meanwhile, is also separately preparing to unveil a more comprehensive rewrite of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial reform legislation, which will also include measures to boost capital formation.
Trump’s choice to lead the SEC, Wall Street deal-making attorney Jay Clayton, has previously discussed ideas with Trump privately on how to help spur capital formation.
All of the bills approved by the two panels on Thursday have been considered in prior congressional years, but were never passed into law.




ARTICLE
March 9, 2017
By David Lawder and Amanda Becker
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – President Donald Trump promised in a meeting with community bankers on Thursday to strip away some Dodd-Frank financial regulations and ensure they can continue giving small businesses access to capital.
Trump, joined by National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn and Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin, said community banks play a “vital role” in the U.S. economy.
“Nearly half of all private-sector workers are employed by small businesses. We must ensure access to capital to small businesses and for small businesses to grow. Community banks are the backbone of small business in America,” Trump said at the beginning of the meeting.
Representing the industry were chief executives of nine community banks with assets of around $1 billion or less and the heads of the American Bankers Association and the Independent Community Bankers of America (ICBA).
Bankers who attended the 45-minute meeting said they discussed the role community banks play in rural areas and provided real-world examples about the difficulties smaller banking institutions face.
The bankers emphasized the need for “tailoring regulations to fit the size and complexity of banks,” said Chesapeake Financial Shares Inc Chairman and CEO Jeffrey Szyperski, one of the bankers in the meeting.
Chesapeake is a regional bank headquartered in Kilmarnock, Virginia, that has 14 branches and a separate wealth management division.
“We were very focused our message on how do we create a tiered and proportionate regulatory environment for community banks,” said Rebeca Romero Rainey, head of Centinel Bank of Taos, a community bank in New Mexico.
The idea seemed to resonate with Trump, who asked questions and showed a pre-existing understanding of the community banking landscape, according to those in attendance.
ICBA, one of the industry groups at the meeting, has advocated a tiered system of regulations that tailor regulations to a bank’s size, business model, complexity and risk.
“The type of regulation that you need for a $700 million bank and the risks they present are very different than those for a $200 billion bank or a $1 trillion bank,” a White House official said before the meeting.
Larger banks are able to spread their higher compliance costs over much bigger asset and employee bases, while smaller banks struggle with high costs and workloads.
One of the institutions participating, Standard Financial Corp of Monroeville, Pennsylvania, has just nine branches with $488 million in assets and earnings of $559,000 in the quarter ended Dec. 31, 2016. It plans to merge with a rival in southwestern Pennsylvania in a deal that will roughly double its size.
Trump officials cited a dearth of applications to form new community banks and around a 30 percent drop in the number of small U.S. banks since 2008 as the impetus for the meeting. A smaller bank has gone out of business every day for the past seven years, Szyperski said, citing the Dodd-Frank financial reform law enacted after the 2007-2008 financial crisis as a reason new banks had not formed in their stead.
Trump promised the bankers that his February executive order on reducing regulation was “very powerful” and would apply to the community banking sector.
Mnuchin, the former CEO of OneWest bank, a regional lender in Southern California, said at his confirmation hearing in January that onerous regulations are “killing community banks.” He pledged to ease those burdens while maintaining “proper” regulation, “so that we don’t end up with a world where we only have four big banks in this country.”
Also discussed at the meeting were the compliance costs associated with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), a new regulator created under Dodd-Frank.
The CFPB is a perennial target for Republicans, who want to shift its funding from the Federal Reserve to annual appropriations by Congress and shift its management, now concentrated in a powerful chairman, to a multi-person commission structure.
Separately on Thursday, when asked during a briefing with reporters whether Trump still backs his campaign pledge to restore the Glass-Steagall Act, White House spokesman Sean Spicer said that he did. The law, which separated commercial and investment banking activities, was repealed in 1999 and, if reinstated, would mainly apply to larger banks.
The Trump administration has not made any moves thus far to break up big banks. Investors have bid up bank stocks since Trump’s election on expectations they would get regulatory relief but not be forced to divest. There is little indication such legislation is an imminent priority that will be taken up by the administration or the U.S. Congress.




ARTICLE
March 9, 2017
By Patricia Zengerle
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee voted overwhelmingly on Thursday in favor of President Donald Trump’s nominee to be director of national intelligence, former Republican Senator Dan Coats, sending his nomination to the Senate floor.
The vote, which took place in a closed hearing, was 13-2, the committee said. Democratic Senators Ron Wyden and Kamala Harris were the only two members to vote no.
Coats must still be confirmed by the full Senate to be the top U.S. intelligence official. The popular former lawmaker, who also served as ambassador to Germany, is expected to be confirmed easily.
The Office of the Director of National Intelligence was created after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks to oversee all 16 U.S. intelligence agencies and improve communications among them.
Coats, 73, replaces James Clapper, who retired as President Barack Obama left office.
Coats was a member of the Senate intelligence panel until he retired from the Senate at the end of last year. He pledged during his confirmation hearing on Feb. 28 to support a thorough investigation of any Russian effort to influence the 2016 presidential election.
Wyden, one of the Senate’s leading privacy advocates, said he voted against his former colleague because he felt that the office of the Director of National Intelligence had not provided the committee with enough information about how many Americans’ communication records have been subjected to government surveillance.
“Given that there has not been a firm commitment to deliver this critical information, I cannot support any DNI nominee without that material,” Wyden said in a statement.
Harris said that after consideration of Coats’ record on a range of issues, she concluded she could not support his nomination.
Senators Richard Burr, the committee’s Republican chairman, and Mark Warner, its top Democrat, both said they were pleased the committee had backed Coats.
Warner said he was confident that Coats, as a former committee member, had respect for the panel’s oversight responsibilities.




ARTICLE
March 9, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – A Republican plan backed by President Donald Trump to overhaul the U.S. healthcare system passed through a second congressional panel on Thursday, despite controversy among lawmakers, hospitals and insurers about its unknown costs and impact on coverage.
The House of Representatives Energy and Commerce Committee approved the proposal to repeal and replace former President Barack Obama’s “Affordable Care Act” by a vote of 31-23, after debating the draft legislation for more than 24 hours.
The plan had been approved early on Thursday by the tax-writing Ways and Means Committee.







ARTICLE
March 9, 2017
New York, NY – Claire Hardwick, OAN Political Correspondent
House Republicans are working hard to make changes to the American Health Care Act before it heads to the House floor for a vote, but according to one healthcare expert, the bill is already a step in the right direction.
Paul Howard is a senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute, and an expert on health care.
He said that the American Health Care Act takes power away from the federal government, and gives it back to the states.
This will allow voters in each state to decide what works for them, and will give lawmakers more accountability.
The bill passed its first major obstacle by clearing the Ways and Means Committee in the House of Representatives, but further markups are expected.
Especially if the bill passes in the House and heads to the Senate, where Senator Rand Paul will have a major impact.
“Senator Rand Paul has been advocating for more of a deregulatory approach, he doesn’t want to see I think new tax credits, just wants to see deregulation of the market which is part of what other Republicans want, but he views offering refundable tax credits as another entitlement, so he doesn’t want that wants to see Republicans step back from offering those kind of credits,” Howard said.
President Trump said in a tweet that the “healthcare reform bill will end in a beautiful picture,” and Congressional Republicans are working hard to make this happen.



ARTICLE
March 9, 2017
Washington, DC – Kendall Forward, OAN Political Correspondent
Speaker Paul Ryan came to his weekly press conference, Thursday, to sell. He rolled up his sleeves and replaced the normal podium for a PowerPoint, in a push to sell, not only the press, but also members of his own party on the President’s new Health Care bill. He said it is what Republicans have been waiting for for the past 7 years, and it’s  the best they’ll get.
He went to work explaining why and how it needs to go through in three steps:
“This is the closest we will ever get to repealing and replacing ObamaCare,” said Ryan.  “The time is here, the time is now. This is the moment and this is the closest this will ever happen. It really comes down to a binary choice.” The bill has put the GOP at odds, especially from members of the Freedom caucus, calling for a market centered plan. Senator Paul Rand (R- Kentucky) said of the bill, “It will not pass. Conservatives aren’t gonna take it.” Representative Jim Jordan (R-Ohio) called it  “ObamaCare in a different format.”
Despite the infighting, Ryan made little mention of the opposition, saying “ObamaCare is in a death spiral.”
While making his case he said, “under the current system costs are driving up. Under the current system options are going away.”
As it stands now the bill is missing around 40 votes, causing some to call it dead on arrival.
The White House is said to be having a ‘bowling and pizza’ party to try to talk Health Care and try to win over some of the more skeptical Conservatives.



ARTICLE
March 6, 2017
Washington, D.C. – Trey Yingst, OAN Chief White House Correspondent
Hundreds of US Marines arrived in Syria Thursday to assist in the fight against ISIS.
The main objective of US forces on the ground is Syria will be to help local fighters recapture the Islamic State capital of Raqqa.
This first major military operation by the Trump administration marks a slight shift in US foreign policy towards Syria. While thousands of US advisors have been assisting Iraqi forces recapture Mosul, only a handful have focused on the operation to liberate Raqqa.
Press Secretary Sean Spicer declined to comment on whether or not the President was directly involved in the decision making.
“[The President] understands the regional issues that need to be addressed there,” Spicer said.
The latest move by the Trump administration in the Middle East comes as the US considers moving 1,000 military reserve members to Kuwait to assist with counter terror operations.



ARTICLE
March 9, 2017
By Sarah N. Lynch and Amanda Becker
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – A U.S. Senate panel on Thursday is poised to approve with bipartisan support a raft of bills aimed at spurring capital formation, marking its first step this year toward modernizing market rules that critics have said are outdated and get in the way of business expansion and investment.
The move is part of Congress’ ongoing efforts to streamline the U.S. financial sector and is largely separate from U.S. President Donald Trump’s push to repeal or replace regulations he says could impede economic growth.
The Senate Banking Committee, led by Chairman Mike Crapo, is slated to send to the Senate floor five bills, with some Democrats expected to join with their Republican colleagues to vote for and co-sponsor several of the measures.
The bills would make a variety of changes to the Securities and Exchange Commission’s regulations, such as raise the dollar amount of stock options that private companies can award employees in a given year from $5 million to $10 million, and ease restrictions to allow brokers to publish research on the global $3.7 trillion exchange-traded fund market.
They would also boost the number of people that can invest in venture capital funds without triggering certain federal rules, subject mutual funds in Puerto Rico to the same rules that funds already face on the U.S. mainland and credit stock exchanges back money for any fees and assessments they may have overpaid to the SEC in the last decade.
The hearing will mark the first time since the November election that the Republican-led Senate Banking Committee has convened to consider financial legislation.
The U.S. House of Representatives Financial Services Committee, meanwhile, is also gearing up to boost capital-raising via a more comprehensive rewrite of the 2010 Dodd Frank financial reform legislation.
Trump’s choice to lead the SEC, Wall Street deal making attorney Jay Clayton, has previously privately discussed ideas with Trump on how to help spur capital formation.
All of the bills slated for consideration by the panel on Thursday have been considered in prior congressional years, but never passed into law.
Some of the bills also have companions introduced in the House this year.




ARTICLE
March 9, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Former Utah Republican Governor Jon Huntsman has accepted President Donald Trump’s offer to be ambassador to Russia, an administration official said on Wednesday.
The job, which requires Senate confirmation, would put Huntsman in Moscow at a time when U.S.-Russian ties have sunk to a post-Cold War low.
Huntsman served as ambassador to China under Democratic President Barack Obama before launching an unsuccessful bid for the 2012 Republican presidential nomination.
Trump has said he wants to improve relations with Russian President Vladimir Putin, which deteriorated under Obama over issues including Russia’s annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea and the two countries’ backing of opposing sides in the Syrian civil war.
The tensions peaked in December when Obama expelled 35 Russian suspected spies after U.S. intelligence agencies concluded that Russia hacked and leaked Democratic emails during the 2016 election campaign as part of an effort to tilt the vote in Trump’s favor. The Kremlin has denied the allegations.




ARTICLE
March 9, 2017
The Trump administration this week issued the new executive order that supplanted an earlier, more-sweeping one which had been challenged in court by the state of Washington.





ARTICLE
March 8, 2017

WIRETAPPING
Two senior senators ask the FBI and Justice Department for any information they have on Trump’s unsubstantiated claim that predecessor Barack Obama wiretapped him during the presidential campaign.

HEALTHCARE
The top U.S. doctors’ organization and several hospital groups come out strongly against a Republican plan backed by Trump to overhaul America’s healthcare system as Democrats mount a fierce battle to thwart the bill.

IMMIGRATION AND TRAVEL BAN
The state of Hawaii can sue over Trump’s new executive order temporarily banning the entry of refugees and travelers from six Muslim-majority countries, a federal judge rules.
Trump’s immigration policies could lead to collective expulsions of migrants in a breach of international law, the U.N. human rights chief says.

NORTH KOREA
The United States says “all options are on the table” to deal with North Korea and dismisses China’s suggestion of a “dual suspension” of U.S. and South Korea military drills and Pyongyang’s missile and nuclear tests.

INFRASTRUCTURE
Trump meets with business leaders including Tesla Inc Chief Executive Elon Musk and real estate developers, as the administration seeks partnerships with the private sector to boost infrastructure spending.

WIKILEAKS
Trump is “extremely concerned” about a security breach at the CIA that led to anti-secrecy group WikiLeaks publishing agency documents on its hacking tools and authorities are focusing on contractors as the likeliest source of the leak.

ISLAMIC STATE
Trump’s administration is weighing a deployment of up to 1,000 American soldiers to Kuwait to serve as a reserve force in the fight against Islamic State as U.S.-backed fighters accelerate the offensive in Syria and Iraq, U.S. officials tell Reuters.

TRADE
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross says substantial negotiations to revamp the North American Free Trade Agreement likely will not get started until the latter part of this year and could take a year to complete.

ADMINISTRATION
Three Democratic lawmakers are questioning the White House about its handling of Trump’s son-in-law’s potential conflicts of interest now that he is serving as an official adviser.
Walt Disney Co Chief Executive Bob Iger says his seat on Trump’s business advisory council provides an opportunity to voice opinions that will benefit the company and its shareholders.

CORPORATE RELATIONS
Interviews with nearly a dozen corporate executives and lobbyists say the Trump they see in private meetings is very different from the Trump who criticizes companies on Twitter.




ARTICLE
March 8, 2017
By Richard Cowan
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Two senior senators asked the FBI and Justice Department on Wednesday for any information they have on President Donald Trump’s unsubstantiated claim that his predecessor Barack Obama wiretapped him during the 2016 U.S. presidential campaign.
In a letter to James Comey, director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and Acting Deputy Attorney General Dana Boente, Republican Lindsey Graham and Democrat Sheldon Whitehouse wrote:
“We request that the Department of Justice provide us copies of any warrant applications and court orders … related to wiretaps of President Trump, the Trump campaign, or Trump Tower.”
Under U.S. law, presidents cannot direct wiretapping. Instead, the federal government can ask a court to authorize the action, but it must provide justification.
Asked at a briefing on Wednesday if Trump was the subject of a probe, White House spokesman Sean Spicer replied: “There is no reason that we have to think that the president is the target of any investigation whatsoever.”
Critics of Trump in Congress have accused him of issuing the wiretap allegation to try to deflect attention from investigations into his administration’s possible ties to Russia. Some have likened it to Trump’s long-held contention that Obama was not born in the United States and thus did not legitimately hold the office of president – an accusation he did not withdraw until 2016.
Dianne Feinstein, a Democratic member of both the Senate intelligence and judiciary committees, told CNN she had not seen any evidence that Obama had tapped Trump’s phone.
“It’s all rather shocking to me that a sitting president would make this kind of an allegation about a former president without any proof whatsover,” she said. “I believe it’s patently false.”

SUBPOENAS
Graham later told CNN that if the Justice Department does not cooperate with the senators’ request, subpoenas would be issued.
“I expect them to come forward as to whether or not a warrant was obtained or sought,” Graham said. He chairs a Senate Judiciary subcommittee on crime and terrorism, and Whitehouse is the senior Democrat on the panel.
On Saturday, Trump accused Obama of phone surveillance, amid a swirl of questions about possible ties between the Trump presidential campaign and Russian President Vladimir Putin. U.S. intelligence agencies have found that Russia tried to influence  the election.
An Obama spokesman said on Saturday that neither Obama nor any White House official had ordered surveillance on any U.S. citizen. The spokesman’s statement did not address the possibility that a wiretap of the Trump campaign could have been sought by the Justice Department.
In their letter, Graham and Whitehouse wrote: “We would take any abuse of wiretapping authorities for political purposes very seriously.”
The senators added: “We would be equally alarmed to learn that a court found enough evidence of criminal activity or contact with a foreign power to legally authorize a wiretap of President Trump, the Trump campaign, or Trump Tower.”
On Tuesday, House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes told reporters his panel would consider issuing subpoenas if information being sought on Russia’s possible role influencing the election was not forthcoming.
The committee has scheduled a March 20 hearing and Trump’s wiretap allegation is part of that probe.
Democrats, questioning the commitment of the Republican-controlled Congress, have been calling for an outside investigation, which so far has been rejected.




ARTICLE
March 8, 2017
By David Shepardson
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump met with business leaders on Wednesday including Tesla Inc Chief Executive Elon Musk and real estate developers, as the administration seeks partnerships with the private sector to boost infrastructure spending.
During his presidential campaign, Trump said he would push for a $1 trillion infrastructure program to rebuild roads, bridges, airports and other public works projects, but he has not presented a specific plan.
White House spokesman Sean Spicer said “strong public-private partnerships” would be key to rebuilding the nation’s roads, bridges and airports.
“Infrastructure used to be a point of American pride, but now an overbearing, ineffective regulatory system can keep projects in limbo for years,” Spicer said. “The government has wasted too much of the taxpayers’ money on inefficient and misguided projects.”
The White House sees infrastructure as a potential large job creator but officials have said the federal government cannot shoulder the entire burden. The administration is looking at toll roads, tax credits and other ways to spur private investment.
Major real estate and private equity executives attended the meeting, including developer Richard LeFrak, Vornado Realty Trust Chief Executive Officer Steve Roth, and Apollo Global Management co-founder Josh Harris, the White House said.
LeFrak and Roth have been tapped to lead an infrastructure council that Trump plans to create, a spokesman for LeFrak had previously said.
The lunch with the CEOs follows his meeting on Tuesday with AFL-CIO union President Rich Trumka to talk infrastructure and other issues. The White House held a meeting of 15 federal agencies last Thursday to begin work on the administration’s infrastructure plan.
Last month, Trump touted the infrastructure plan in an address to Congress.
“To launch our national rebuilding,” he said, “I will be asking Congress to approve legislation that produces a $1 trillion investment in infrastructure of the United States – financed through both public and private capital – creating millions of new jobs.”
Edward Mortimer, a transportation expert at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, told a Senate panel on Wednesday that without action, the federal highway trust fund would face a serious shortfall starting in 2020, and policymakers would need to come up with $150 billion over six years to maintain current spending.
“This shortfall will likely result in significant uncertainty, with states possibly delaying major transportation projects,” he said.
Wednesday’s meeting included Vice President Mike Pence, Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao, Energy Secretary Rick Perry and Environmental Protection Agency chief Scott Pruitt, as well as General Atlantic CEO Bill Ford, McKinsey & Co partner Tyler Duvall and Nature Conservancy Managing Director Lynn Scarlett, the White House said.
Scarlett said in a statement that any infrastructure package should include “natural” solutions such as reefs, dunes and wetlands. Other participants in the meeting did not comment or respond to requests for comment.
The American Society of Civil Engineers has graded U.S. infrastructure at D+ and estimated the country needs to invest $3.6 trillion by 2020.
In January, Trump signed an executive order aimed at expediting environmental reviews and approvals for all infrastructure projects, especially high-priority projects such as improving the U.S. electric grid and telecommunications systems and repairing and upgrading “critical” port facilities, airports, pipelines, bridges, and highways.




ARTICLE
March 8, 2017
By Amanda Becker
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Wall Street attorney Jay Clayton will recuse himself from matters involving Barclays Bank, Deutsche Bank AG and other clients he has recently represented if confirmed to head the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission under the terms of an ethics agreement disclosed on Wednesday.
Barclays Bank, Deutsche Bank AG, UBS Securities, Royal Bank of Canada, Ally Financial and Pershing Square were among the financial firms listed as Clayton’s clients at Sullivan & Cromwell, according to a form filed with the Office of Government Ethics.
Under the agreement, Clayton will not participate in SEC matters involving the firm for one year. He will also recuse himself from matters involving his former clients for one year after he last provided them legal services.
The SEC currently has only two members – Republican Michael Piwowar and Democrat Kara Stein – and they often disagree about policy matters. Should Clayton be confirmed and then recuse himself, the agency will be left deadlocked until other commissioners are nominated and confirmed. At full force, the SEC has five voting members, including the chair.
Clayton also promised to divest, within 90 days of confirmation, some 176 assets collectively worth millions of dollars. He did not reply to a request for comment.
Clayton and his wife, Gretchen Butler Clayton, reported assets between $52.3 million and $130.4 million. Because nominees for Executive Branch positions report their assets in broad ranges, it is impossible to calculate a nominee’s exact net worth.
He has assets related to his employment at Sullivan & Cromwell worth between $2.5 million and $8.4 million, the OGE form shows. His wife works at Goldman Sachs & Co, and has assets related to her role at the investment bank worth between $1.1 million and $2.8 million. She has said she will resign her job if he is confirmed.
The form also does not detail the specific assets from which Clayton will divest to comply with federal ethics laws. But in his March 3 letter to an ethics officer, Clayton did indicate that he will seek to take advantage of a tax benefit that allows government officials to defer paying capital gains taxes on assets they sell to satisfy ethics requirements, potentially saving him millions of dollars.
As a Wall Street attorney, Clayton has worked on notable deals including the initial public offering of Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. Valeant Pharmaceuticals, the subject of federal investigations related to drug pricing, was listed as one of his clients. Clayton also reported having two corporate clients he could not name due to pending investigations that are not yet public.
The SEC is an independent federal agency tasked with enforcing securities laws and regulating the country’s stock and options exchanges. Agency nominees are reviewed by the U.S. Senate Banking Committee, which is set to hold Clayton’s initial confirmation hearing on March 23.





ARTICLE
March 8, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – There is no reason to believe that U.S. President Donald Trump is the target of any investigation, White House spokesman Sean Spicer said on Wednesday.
“There is no reason that we have to think that the president is the target of any investigation whatsoever,” Spicer said at a news briefing. Trump, without offering evidence, said in tweets on Saturday that he had been wiretapped by then-President Barack Obama during the 2016 presidential campaign.





ARTICLE
March 8, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Two senior members of the Senate Judiciary Committee on Wednesday asked the FBI and Justice Department for any information they have on President Donald Trump’s claim that his predecessor Barack Obama ordered wiretaps of him during last year’s presidential campaign.
In a letter to FBI Director James Comey and Acting Deputy Attorney General Dana Boente, Republican Senator Lindsey Graham and Democratic Senator Sheldon Whitehouse wrote:
“We request that the Department of Justice provide us copies of any warrant applications and court orders…related to wiretaps of President Trump, the Trump campaign, or Trump Tower.”





ARTICLE
March 8, 2017
By David Shepardson
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – President Donald Trump plans to meet with a group of infrastructure business leaders at the White House on Wednesday, a person briefed on the meeting said.
During his presidential campaign, Trump said he would push for a $1 trillion infrastructure program to rebuild roads, bridges, airports and other public works projects.
The lunch meeting is set to include real estate, management consulting, private equity and other business leaders, along with at least one environmental group, a person briefed on the matter said.
Last month, Trump touted the plan in an address to Congress.
“The time has come for a new program of national rebuilding,” Trump said.
“To launch our national rebuilding, I will be asking Congress to approve legislation that produces a $1 trillion investment in infrastructure of the United States – financed through both public and private capital – creating millions of new jobs.”
The American Society of Civil Engineers has graded U.S. infrastructure at D+ and estimated the country needs to invest $3.6 trillion by 2020.
U.S. Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao told Fox News last month that the needs for infrastructure are so great the federal government cannot shoulder all the costs.
“Public private partnerships are a very important part of a new way of financing our roads and bridges that are in disrepair and our very dangerous,” Chao said.
In January, Trump signed an executive order aimed at expediting environmental reviews and approvals for all infrastructure projects, especially high priority projects “such as improving the U.S. electric grid and telecommunications systems and repairing and upgrading critical port facilities, airports, pipelines, bridges, and highways.”




ARTICLE
March 8, 2017
By Michael Erman and Caroline Humer
NEW YORK (Reuters) – The House Republican health insurance plan suggests health insurance after Obamacare will be less affordable, investors, insurers and industry sources said on Tuesday, raising questions about future enrollment and insurance company participation.
The draft legislation, released on Monday night, rolls back some of the key tenets of former President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law, known as Obamacare, including the individual mandate and the expansion of Medicaid. In addition to eliminating the requirement that most Americans obtain medical insurance, it creates a system of new tax credits to coax people to purchase private insurance on the open market.
The bill has the support of President Donald Trump, who has vowed to repeal and replace the 2010 law. But some Republican lawmakers whose support is needed for the final legislation – and Democrats – said they wanted details on how it would affect U.S. consumers.
Under the draft legislation, Obamacare’s income-based and location-based tax credits are replaced by credits with fixed amounts up to a maximum income level.
Because the bill has just been proposed and aims mostly to repeal the existing law rather than introduce new policies, it is unclear exactly how future changes could make the plan affordable and draw insurers into the market.
But some initial reaction, particularly from hospitals, was critical. The American Hospital Association said in a letter to Congress that it could not support the draft legislation in its current form.
The BlueCross BlueShield Association, which represents BCBS insurers across the country that cover the vast majority of the about 10 million people enrolled in 2017 Obamacare plans, said the insurers were glad to see the extension of many Obamacare aspects into 2019. But it emphasized the need for the replacement to be affordable.
“It is important that the tax credit for 2020 creates a marketplace that enables people to get the coverage they need at a price they can afford,” BCBSA Senior Vice President Alissa Fox said in statement.
The Association for Community Affiliated Plans, which represents health plans serving Medicaid for the poor and other public health programs, said it was concerned the structure would raise costs for people currently in the marketplace.
Because insurance costs, healthcare costs and incomes vary so dramatically around the country, the new tax credit would affect some people more than others.
“I think there’s a reasonable concern that people in high-cost states who are lower income will have a hard time finding affordable care,” said Paul Howard, director of health policy at the conservative Manhattan Institute.
But the draft legislation also sets up a $100 billion fund over 10 years that states could use to structure subsidies for their members and offset some of that, he noted. Insurers have also asked to be able to offer plans with fewer benefits that could be sold at lower prices, Howard said.
Since the draft removes the mandate requiring people to have insurance, the impact on enrollment from that measure is not clear.
Standard & Poor’s estimated that the draft plan would reduce individual enrollment, now at around 10 million, by 2 to 4 million people.
Steve Brozak, managing partner at WBB Securities, said he believed that under the Republican package, “people will be forgoing insurance.”
He also said that, as it is currently designed, insurers will have difficulty attracting people who do not have an immediate need for healthcare, like younger, healthy people who are less expensive to insure.
Still, Brozak expects that this draft is only a first step and likely to change. It is expected to be voted on this month in the House before moving to the U.S. Senate.

SHARES FALL
The draft plan, along with Republicans’ proposed restructuring of the Medicaid program for the poor and the loud opposition from some Republican lawmakers, created uncertainty that drove down shares of hospitals and insurers.
Republicans will need the buy-in from BlueCross BlueShield insurers like Anthem Inc, particularly after UnitedHealth Group Inc <UNH.N>, Aetna Inc <AET.N> and Humana Inc <HUM.N> exited most of the states where they sold individual insurance plans under Obamacare.
Shares of hospital operators sold off, with Community Health Systems <CYH.N> down more than 8 percent and Tenet Healthcare <THC.N> off 7 percent.    Reaction in health insurer stocks was more subdued. Molina Healthcare <MOH.N> fell 1.3 percent and Cigna <CI.N> dropped 1 percent, while Humana <HUM.N> gained more than 2 percent and Anthem <ANTM.N> was little changed.
The American Hospital Association and the American Medical Association, which represents doctors, declined to comment on the draft legislation.
Support for government-run health insurance has risen over the past five years, according to the Reuters/Ipsos national tracking poll.
Between February and March, 47 percent of Americans said the government should have at least a “major role” in providing health insurance. That was up from 39 percent who answered the same way when the poll first asked the question in January 2012.
The Reuters/Ipsos poll is conducted online in English in all 50 states. The latest poll ran from Feb. 25 to March 6 and included responses from more than 2,700 American adults. It has a credibility interval, a measure of accuracy, of 2 percentage points.
http://polling.reuters.com/#poll/PV4/dates/20170225-20170306/type/overall




ARTICLE
March 8, 2017
LOS ANGELES (Reuters) – Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti appeared within striking distance to clinch re-election as leader of America’s second-largest city on Tuesday against 10 lesser-known challengers, most of them lacking significant financial support.
Garcetti, 46, a former City Council member and urban planning expert seeking his second term as mayor, needs to win at least 50 percent of the vote plus one in order to avoid a May run-off race with the second-place finisher.
A recent Loyola Marymount University poll found Garcetti backed by 50.1 percent of registered voters, compared with 7.9 percent for his closest rival, Mitchell Schwartz, a political operative of former President Barack Obama during his first White House campaign.
But the telephone-and-online survey of 950 people, conducted in January and early February, showed 38.5 percent were still undecided. The poll has a margin of error of plus or minus just over three percentage points.
Schwartz, 55, has seized on the city’s rising crime rate and soaring housing costs, while warning of a looming pension fund crisis, in his bid to unseat Garcetti. The mayor has touted his successful support for a measure to raise the minimum wage in Los Angeles and pointed to the city’s employment gains in the aftermath of a nationwide recession.
Garcetti enjoys a significant funding advantage, reporting his campaign has amassed more than $3.8 million as of March 1, while Schwartz, the only other candidate to have raised substantial cash, is expected to have spent $790,000, a spokesman said.
Schwartz was previously best known as the California state director of Obama’s presidential campaign in 2007 and 2008. Before that he served as director of communications at the State Department during President Bill Clinton’s first term in office.
Garcetti, who defeated then-city Controller Wendy Greuel in a run-off four years ago, is the son of former prosecutor Gil Garcetti, whose office tried O.J. Simpson for murder, and lost, while serving as Los Angeles County district attorney.
Drawing almost as much attention, and far more money, in Tuesday’s municipal elections was the highly contested ballot Measure S, aimed at limiting development by halting “spot zoning” amendments to the city’s General Plan for two years.
Measure S supporters say spot zoning permits granted to wealthy real estate interests have spurred runaway construction of high-rise office space and other costly developments that increase congestion and drive up housing costs. Opponents say the measure would go too far and actually undermine city efforts to create more affordable housing.




ARTICLE
March 8, 2017
By Joel Schectman
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The lawyer who will take control of an investigation into Russian meddling in last year’s U.S. presidential election, if he wins Senate confirmation to become deputy attorney general, rebuffed Democrats’ demands on Tuesday for the appointment of a special prosecutor in the case.
Rod Rosenstein, now U.S. Attorney for Maryland, faced tough questioning, especially from Democrats, at a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on his nomination by President Donald Trump to fill the Justice Department’s No. 2 job.
Coming amid persistent questions about ties between Trump’s presidential campaign and Russia, Rosenstein’s nomination has catapulted him into the center of an issue that Trump has been unable to put behind him in his first six weeks in office.
California Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein asked Rosenstein, “Do you support an independent, outside counsel?”
He said he could not commit to that approach before learning the facts of the case. “My view is that I have a responsibility to not take the job conditional on how I [will handle] a particular case,” Rosenstein said.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused himself from the politically-charged inquiry last week after admitting he met twice with Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak during the campaign. Sessions had previously testified he had no contact with Russian officials.
Trump fired national security adviser Michael Flynn last month after disclosures that Flynn had discussed U.S. sanctions on Russia with Kislyak before Trump took office and then misled Vice President Mike Pence about the conversations.
U.S. intelligence agencies concluded last year that Russia hacked and leaked Democratic emails during the election campaign as part of an effort to tilt the vote in Trump’s favor. The Kremlin has denied the allegations.
Democrats at the hearing said only a special prosecutor could ensure that the investigation would be free of pressure from Trump, who has accused officials in former Democratic President Barack Obama’s administration of trying to discredit him with questions about Russia contacts.
Trump called frequently during his campaign for improved relations with Russia. U.S.-Russian relations have been deeply strained in recent years over Moscow’s military interference in Ukraine, military support for President Bashar al-Assad in Syria and President Vladimir Putin’s intolerance of political dissent.
Republicans at the hearing said it was too soon to know whether a special counsel was appropriate in the case.
Rosenstein noted that former Attorney General Loretta Lynch had been asked to appoint a special prosecutor when the allegations first came to light. He said she rejected the request and chose to use career prosecutors in the case.
Rosenstein has experience working for a special counsel on investigations involving the presidency. In the mid-1990s he was part of independent counsel Kenneth W. Starr’s team of prosecutors who investigated Bill and Hillary Clinton.
The 26-year Justice Department veteran is seen by many current and former department officials as a politically neutral pick. “Political affiliations are irrelevant to my work,” Rosenstein told the committee.
Named as Maryland’s top prosecutor by President George W. Bush, Rosenstein stayed in office through the Obama administration.
“Mr. Rosenstein should commit to naming a special prosecutor to look into the Trump campaign’s ties to Russia,” said Democratic Senator Chuck Schumer in a statement.




ARTICLE
March 7, 2017
By Valerie Volcovici
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The U.S. Senate on Tuesday revoked a rule that aimed to give the public more input into federal land management decisions, the latest move by the Republican-led Congress to undo Obama administration environmental regulations it sees as a burden.
The Senate voted 51-48 to approve a resolution to repeal the Bureau of Land Management’s Resource Management Planning rule, known as BLM 2.0, finalized in December by the Obama administration.
The rule updated the 30-year process the agency followed when developing land-use plans across the 245 million acres of federal land it manages.
Senators who voted to revoke the rule, such as Republican Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, chair of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee, said it diluted local authority over decisions about how to use land for grazing, energy and mineral development and recreation, and gave outside voices an outsized say in local matters.
Supporters, such as the energy committee’s top Democrat, Senator Maria Cantwell of Washington, said the rule modernized the existing BLM process to make it more transparent.
“When it comes to public lands, we want transparency, we want sunshine, we want a bottom-up approach when it comes to land management,” Cantwell said.
Republicans have taken advantage of a seldom-used law known as the Congressional Review Act to overturn the BLM 2.0 rule as well as other recently enacted regulations with simple majorities in both chambers, denying senators the opportunity to filibuster and stall a vote.
Last month, Republicans repealed a securities disclosure rule aimed at curbing corruption at energy and mining companies and voted to ax methane emissions limits on drilling operations using the CRA.
Some conservation groups said using the CRA to revoke the measure was a “knee-jerk” and unnecessary measure, and that the land planning rule could have been revised by the BLM.
“I struggle to understand why they would waste their time trying to strike down this rule and why not let the administration fix the rule,” said Phil Hanceford of the Wilderness Society.




ARTICLE
March 7, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Conservative Republicans in Congress said on Tuesday they oppose aspects of the Republican leadership’s healthcare bill and they plan to introduce their own legislation on Wednesday to repeal Obamacare.
U.S. Representative Jim Jordan, a former chairman of the conservative House Freedom Caucus, and Senator Rand Paul told a news conference they would introduce repeal bills in their respective chambers.




ARTICLE
March 7, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Iraq’s Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi will visit President Donald Trump in Washington during the week of March 19, a White House spokesman said on Tuesday.
White House spokesman Sean Spicer made the announcement during a regular news briefing, without providing further details.






ARTICLE
March 7, 2017
By Emily Stephenson
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – White House spokesman Sean Spicer said on Tuesday he had no reason to think President Donald Trump does not support Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey after a dispute over the president’s claim without evidence that he was wiretapped last year.
“I have no reason to believe he doesn’t” support Comey, Spicer told reporters. Comey challenged Trump’s claim that former President Barack Obama’s administration wiretapped him as part of its probe into Russian meddling in the 2016 election.




ARTICLE
March 7, 2017
BARCELONA (Reuters) – Brazilian Felipe Massa completed two and a half race distances and put his Williams team on top of the timesheets as Formula One’s final pre-season test got underway in Barcelona on Tuesday.
Massa, brought back in January after his former team mate Valtteri Bottas moved to Mercedes as replacement for retired world champion Nico Rosberg, completed 168 laps of the Circuit de Catalunya.
His eye-catching tally was matched only by Ferrari’s Sebastian Vettel, who ended up third fastest (1:19.906) behind Red Bull’s Daniel Ricciardo (1:19.900).
“I don’t remember before doing a day with 168 laps in my career,” said the 35-year-old Massa, whose fastest was one minute 19.726 seconds.
“It was a lot of laps and I can feel it a bit on my body, but I am good. I feel in good shape for the new season,” he added.
Triple world champion Lewis Hamilton, the bookmakers’ favorite for a fourth title this year, was fourth fastest with a total of 49 laps. Bottas, who took over the car in the afternoon, did 86 and was fifth.
“I think Ferrari are possibly the favorites,” said Hamilton, whose running was cut short after the champions discovered damage to the floor of the car.
“We can’t take our eyes off them because they have been doing such a great job at the moment.
“Red Bull look like they have gone quite quick today as well. We’ll see over the next days and, most importantly, over the next weeks, but it’s going to be close in the first race, that’s for sure.”
The season starts in Australia on March 26. Ferrari failed to win a race last season, when they finished third overall, and have not been constructors’ champions since 2008.
McLaren’s woes continued, with an electrical issue on the power unit of Belgian rookie Stoffel Vandoorne’s car forcing Honda to replace it, costing the team more track time after a difficult first week.
“Based on this testing we can expect to have a few engine changes, but they (Honda) will have addressed this before the start of the season or at least quickly into the season,” said McLaren Racing Director Eric Boullier.
Vandoorne completed 80 laps but was more than two seconds off the pace.
Renault’s Jolyon Palmer managed only 15 laps due to a power unit problem but he handed over to team mate Nico Hulkenberg who completed 58 in the afternoon.




ARTICLE
March 7, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price said on Tuesday that President Donald Trump supports the Republican bill to replace Obamacare.
“The president and the administration support this step in what we believe is in the right direction,” Price told reporters at a White House briefing. Asked whether the administration supported everything in the bill, he said: “This is a work in progress and we’ll work with the House and Senate in this process.”




ARTICLE
March 7, 2017
By David Shepardson
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and 11 other Democrats said on Tuesday it was “critical” that the Trump administration leave in place new vehicle fuel efficiency rules, saying the higher standards were achievable.
Scott Pruitt, the head of the Environmental Protection Agency, is expected to announce as early as this week the reopening of a review of the rules that were set by the Obama administration for the 2022-2025 period.
Automakers say the changes, which would raise the fleet average fuel efficiency to more than 50 miles per gallon by 2025 from 27.5 mpg in 2010, will impose significant costs and are out of step with consumer preferences. They argue they need more flexibility to meet the rules amid low gas prices.
Environmentalists, who favor the new standards, say they would reduce fuel costs and greenhouse gases and have vowed to sue if the Trump administration weakens them.
“These automobile emissions standards are economically feasible and technologically achievable for the auto industry,” the Democratic senators, including Edward Markey of Massachusetts and former presidential candidate Bernard Sanders of Vermont, wrote in a letter to Pruitt. “It is critical that they remain in place.”
EPA spokeswoman Cathy Milbourn declined to comment on the letter “since the agency has not announced how it will proceed on the vehicle emission standards.” The White House also declined to comment.
Trade groups representing automakers, including General Motors Co <GM.N>, Ford Motor Co <F.N> and Toyota Motor Corp <7203.T>, have asked the EPA to withdraw the rules, which stem from a 2011 deal the industry reached with the U.S. government.
The chief executives of GM, Ford, and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV <FCHA.MI>, along with the top North American executives at Toyota, Volkswagen, Honda, Hyundai Motor Co <005380.KS> and others separately have urged President Donald Trump to revisit the decision.
The Obama administration in 2011 said the changes would save motorists $1.7 trillion in fuel costs over the life of the vehicles and cost the auto industry about $200 billion over 13 years.
In July, the EPA estimated the fleet would average 50.8-52.6 mpg in 2025 because Americans were buying more SUVs and trucks. It had until April 2018 to decide whether the standards were feasible under a “midterm review,” but moved up its decision to a week before President Barack Obama left office.
The EPA is also considering taking steps to reverse California’s waiver under the Clean Air Act that allows it to set its own vehicle greenhouse gas emissions standards. California has repeatedly vowed to vigorously contest any efforts to withdraw its authority, and in January the state hired former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder to represent it.
At the Geneva auto show, Fiat Chrysler Chief Executive Sergio Marchionne told reporters he opposed the Obama administration’s decision to finalize the rules.
“We have simply asked that the case be reopened to understand what the consequences would be of the norms introduced five years ago,” Marchionne said, adding that he expects to “see a positive reply in the coming days” from the Trump administration.




ARTICLE
March 7, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The U.S. Senate Armed Services Committee voted overwhelmingly on Tuesday to approve Army Lieutenant General H.R. McMaster’s reappointment as President Donald Trump’s national security adviser, despite some concern over his handling of a sexual assault case.
The committee vote was 23-2, with two abstentions. The complete vote breakdown was not immediately available, but one “no” came from Democratic Senator Kirsten Gillibrand.
Gillibrand, a leader of congressional efforts to address sexual assault in the military, said she was concerned about McMaster’s past decision to allow two service members accused of assault to advance their careers while the case against them was open, in violation of Army regulations.
“General McMaster was more concerned about hampering these men’s careers than following the rules in pursuit of justice,” she said in a statement.
The Washington Post reported last week that the Army investigated McMaster and rebuked him in 2015 over a case in which two lieutenants were allowed to attend the elite Army Ranger School despite being under investigation for assault. The case against them was later dropped.
The Senate does not normally approve a president’s national security advisor. However, U.S. law requires McMaster’s reappointment to the new position to be approved because he is an active-duty military officer.
A Senate aide said Senator Elizabeth Warren, another Democrat, was the other “no” vote. Her office did not immediately respond to a request for comment.




ARTICLE
March 7, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The No. 2 Republican in the U.S. Senate said on Tuesday the chamber’s investigation into Russian meddling in the presidential election would also examine President Donald Trump’s claim that he had been wiretapped by the Obama administration.
Asked by CNN whether Trump’s claim, for which he has presented no evidence, would be part of the probe, Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn said: “I think all of that is part of the investigation.”
“It needs an investigation so we can find out what the facts are,” he added. “We’ll follow the facts wherever they may lead.”




ARTICLE
March 7, 2017
Washington, DC – Young Richardson, OAN Political Correspondent
Passage of a replacement for Obamacare will take the votes of just about every Republican in Congress.  But at least two conservatives in the Senate don’t like what they see so far.  One of them is Sen. Rand Paul who says this health care plan is a watered down version of Obamacare.
“You know I think it looks like Obamacare-lite.  It  keeps all of the Obamacare taxes for a year. Keeps the Cadillac tax.  Forever.  It keeps the Obamacare subsidies, but renames them as refundable tax credits.  And it also keeps a lot of things that just aren’t really good about Obamacare.  Prices are still gonna be high.  Premiums are gonna be high.  The cost of this is going to be enormous,” says Paul.
The cost could be enormous, and Paul says one reason is because of something called a refundable tax credit which he believes is a new entitlement program.
“Refundable tax credits could offer as much as $14,000 back when you pay not taxes.  That money’s gotta come from somewhere.  You have to realize this is in context of a budget that’s borrowing about a million dollars a minute.  Mainly because of entitlement programs.  So this is a new entitlement–these refundable tax credits and they go on forever,” Paul explains.
A new entitlement that goes on forever, and that seems to be one reason Sen. Paul and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz signaled their opposition to the House bill.  Even now, Sen Cruz hopes the House bill can be changed to more closely resemble a previous Obamacare repeal bill approved in the House and Senate in 2015.
“I think we should begin with the 2105 repeal language.  In 2015 virtually every Republican voter for broad repeal language.  We should build with that.  That should be the floor. And then we should work up on areas of consensus,” says the Texas Senator and former presidential candidate. “I think the House bill is a starting point for discussion.  As President Trump said, these discussions are on-going and I’ll continue working with members of the House and members of the Senate working with the President to repeal Obamacare and expand choice for all Americans,” said Cruz.
And it appears that that 2015 repeal language will reappear.  At a press conference with the House Freedom Caucus outside the Capitol, Ohio Congressman Jim Jordan announced that he and Paul are reintroducing the 2015 repeal bill which was a simple and straight repeal supported by nearly every Republican in both the House and Senate some two years ago.



ARTICLE
March 7, 2017
New York, NY – Claire Hardwick, OAN Political Correspondent
Congressional Republicans unveiled the first draft of the repeal bill for ObamaCare, and according to former Congresswoman Nan Hayworth, the bill is a step towards eliminating massive bureaucracies on a federal level from imposing rules and regulations on the healthcare industry.
Hayworth said that ObamaCare imposed enormous costs on the American public in the form of mandates, taxes, and penalties.
But this repeal bill, called the American Health Care Act, is a step away from this type of socialized healthcare.
“They’re going to remove the penalties and taxes that most of them that were built into ObamaCare that have harmed people’s pocketbooks across the country, that have hurt investment, have hurt business growth. So those are positive aspects that are very different than ObamaCare,” Hayworth said.
Hayworth said that contrary to what many Democrats are telling their voters, those who are insured under ObamaCare will not lose their coverage, and instead, will end up receiving better coverage for a lesser cost.
She said that President Trump is a proactive politician, and because of this quality, she is confident his administration will pass a new form of healthcare that reduces costs and increases consumer choice.



ARTICLE
March 7,  2017
Washington, DC – Kendall Forward, OAN Political Correspondent
Monday morning, the U.S. Supreme Court decided not to hear a would be landmark case, that would determine transgender bathroom rights in public schools.
The case was scheduled for the end of March.
Monday morning, the Supreme Court decided not to rule on the case, and kicked it back to the lower courts.
The case is based on a suit from a Virginia transgender student, Gavin Grimm, who is born a girl but now identifies as a boy. Grimm sued the Gloucester County School Board for the right to sue the boys bathroom in his high school.
The Virginia court originally ruled in line with a mandate  by the Obama Administration saying public schools should  allow transgender students to use the bathroom of their choosing, or risk loosing federal funding. Trump rolled that mandate back in February, leading to the court’s decision to not hear the case.
Outside the Supreme Court, Monday, students were waving a rainbow flag in support of the supreme court waving a rainbow flag in support of transgender rights. One of the students, Justin Seebauer, say though he’s disappointed the case won’t be heard, at least it’s becoming a part of the national conversation;  “It’s bringing a lot more attention to the issue so hopefully members of this community can say there’s me represented somewhere and people are listening, to some extent, even if it’s getting kicked down from the Supreme Court — which  it probably shouldn’t be — but it’s bringing it to light, and  that can help lead to growth for some people.
Seebauer and other students added  they would like to see President Trump take a stand of support on the issue. However, his move to revoke the Obama administration’s orders leaves the decision with  the states.



ARTICLE
March 7, 2017

TRAVEL BAN
Trump signs a revised executive order banning citizens from six Muslim-majority nations from traveling to the United States but removing Iraq from the list, after his controversial first attempt was blocked in the courts.
Iraq expresses “deep relief” at Trump’s decision to remove it from a list of countries targeted in a U.S. travel ban.
Demand for travel to the United States in the coming months is flat following a positive start to the year, with uncertainty over a possible new U.S. travel order likely deterring visitors, a travel analysis company says.

TRUMP-OBAMA
Trump still has confidence in FBI Director James Comey, the White House says, despite Comey’s assertiveness in challenging Trump’s claim that the Obama administration wiretapped him during the 2016 election campaign.

HEALTHCARE
Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives unveil long-awaited legislation to repeal much of the Obamacare healthcare law, including its expansion of the Medicaid program for the poor.

NORTH KOREA
Trump tells Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe the United States is with Japan “100 percent” over phone talks they hold to discuss North Korea’s latest missile launches, Abe tells reporters.
The White House says the United States is deploying an advanced anti-missile defense system to South Korea as part of steps to bolster its ability to defend against North Korean ballistic missiles.

ATTORNEY GENERAL
Attorney General Jeff Sessions defends his conduct at a January confirmation hearing where he denied having contacts with Russian officials during the course of the presidential campaign when he was an adviser to Donald Trump.

TRADE
Trump administration trade adviser Peter Navarro says a $65 billion U.S. trade deficit with Germany is “one of the most difficult” trade issues, and bilateral discussions are needed to reduce it outside of European Union restrictions.

JAPAN
The Japanese government says its trade minister and his U.S. counterpart, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, agree to meet as soon as possible to prepare for bilateral economic talks.

ABORTION
Two Republicans senators are joining four Democrats in demanding the White House provide more information about an executive order that has sown confusion among international organizations involved in family planning, AIDS treatment and other healthcare issues.

BIOFUELS
The Trump administration is reviewing the possibility of a key change to U.S. biofuels policy requested by oil refiners and Carl Icahn, the billionaire investor and special adviser on regulations to Trump, a White House official says.




ARTICLE
March 7, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Monday defended his conduct at a January confirmation hearing where he denied having contacts with Russian officials during the course of the presidential campaign when he was an adviser to Donald Trump.
“My answer was correct,” Sessions, who last week said he would stay out of any probe into alleged Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election, wrote in a letter to Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley.
Sessions repeated that he spoke to Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak during the Republican National Convention in Cleveland in July, and again at his Senate office in Washington in September.
At a news conference on Thursday, Sessions said he should have said during the confirmation hearing that he had met with the ambassador in his role as a senator. The Washington Post first disclosed the meetings on Wednesday.
Many Democrats, who are pushing for a broad probe of ties between Trump campaign associates and Russian operatives, have called for Sessions to resign. Sessions, then a U.S. senator from Alabama, was a high-ranking player in Trump’s 2016 campaign.
Sessions’ denial of contacts with Russians had come in response to a question by Democratic Senator Al Franken about what he would do if reports of contacts between Trump associates and Russians were true.
“I did not mention communications I had had with the Russian Ambassador over the years because the question did not ask about them,” Session wrote in the letter to Grassley, which he said was meant to supplement his January testimony.
Sessions said his recusal would apply not just to any alleged Russian contact with the Trump campaign, but also with the Trump transition team and administration.
“This should not be taken as any evidence of the existence of any such investigation or its scope,” he added.
The Republican president has backed his attorney general and accused Democrats of blowing the issue out of proportion for political purposes.
U.S. intelligence agencies concluded last year that Russia hacked and leaked Democratic emails during the election campaign as part of an effort to tilt the vote in Trump’s favor. Russia has denied the allegations.




ARTICLE
March 6, 2017
By Mica Rosenberg and Dan Levine
NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) – The new, more narrowly tailored temporary travel ban President Donald Trump signed on Monday will be more difficult to challenge successfully in court, legal experts said.
They said that since his order no longer covers legal residents or existing visa holders, and makes waivers possible for some business, diplomatic and other travelers, challengers are likely to have a harder time finding people in the United States who can legally claim they have been harmed, and thus have so-called “standing” to sue.
Trump’s first executive order signed on Jan. 27 banned travelers from seven Muslim-majority nations – Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen – for 90 days and halted refugee admission for four months, barring Syrian refugees indefinitely. Its hasty implementation caused chaos and protests at airports. The order was hit with more than two dozen lawsuits, many that claimed it discriminated against Muslims.
The new ban, which goes into effect on March 16, removes Iraq and adds categories of people who would be exempt from the order. The Trump administration said the executive order is necessary for national security reasons.
It also lists groups of people that could be eligible for waivers, including travelers who have previously been admitted to the United States for work or school, those seeking to visit or live with a close relative and who would face hardship if denied entry; infants, young children and adoptees or people in need of medical care, employees of the U.S. government and international organizations among others.
All the exceptions make the new order “a lot harder to attack,” said Andrew Greenfield, an immigration attorney with Fragomen law firm in Washington D.C.
Trump had promised to make the new directive harder to fight in court and many of the changes were expected.
“They dotted their ‘i’s’ and crossed their ‘t’s’ in trying to anticipate what litigation might result,” said Stephen Yale-Loehr, a Cornell Law School professor who specializes in immigration. He said opponents might still be able to find plaintiffs – a U.S. citizen could potentially sue if the government denies a waiver to their foreign spouse for an arbitrary reason, for example.

‘DO OUR HOMEWORK’
In a legal challenge to the original order, the state of Washington was successful in preventing it from being carried out. A federal judge in Seattle and then an appeals court in San Francisco ruled that Washington could claim standing, in part because the order adversely affected legal permanent residents, known as green card holders, in the state. More than 100 businesses, including many of the best-known tech companies, filed briefs in court that argued their employees were harmed.
Bob Ferguson, the Attorney General for Washington State said on Monday that he will likely decide on the next litigation steps this week after consulting with state universities and businesses about potential harms.
“We need to do our homework and be thoughtful about this,” Ferguson said.
The U.S. Department of Justice, in a filing in Seattle federal court on Monday, said the new order applies “only to those who are overseas and without a visa.”
Foreign nationals outside the country who do not have a U.S. visa do not have the same protections under the U.S. Constitution as people already here, legal experts said.
Rosemary Jenks, the director of Government Relations at NumbersUSA, a conservative group that favors less immigration overall, said that the new order would leave the state of Washington having to argue on behalf of unidentified foreign nationals who have not been screened, vetted or processed yet by U.S. authorities.
“That would be a pretty big stretch,” Jenks said. And unlike the old order, the new one lays out with more detail why the specific countries were selected, she said.
Attorneys challenging the ban, including the American Civil Liberties Union said there were still questions about whether or not the ban is justified by national security reasons and the revisions do not address concerns that the order discriminates based on religion.
Adam Lauridsen, a Keker & Van Nest attorney in San Francisco representing students challenging Trump’s first order, noted the revised directive still targets Muslim-majority countries.
Stephen Legomsky, chief counsel at U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services in the previous Obama administration,     pointed to statements by Trump about wanting a Muslim ban.
“That evidence is baked in, you can’t change the past,” said Legomsky. He said, however, that does not mean the inevitable legal challenges will ultimately be successful in the likelihood that they reach the U.S. Supreme Court. “It’s not a slam dunk.”




ARTICLE
March 6, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The latest version of a House Republican bill to replace Obamacare would limit who could receive tax credits to help purchase health insurance, Politico reported on Monday, in an effort to secure the support of the chamber’s conservative wing.
Congressional Republicans and President Donald Trump have repeatedly promised to repeal and replace former Democratic President Barack Obama’s signature domestic policy achievement but have publicly disagreed about the best way to do so. The House of Representatives is expected to unveil its legislation soon.
Under a Feb. 10 draft of the legislation made available to several news outlets, Republicans proposed offering an age-based refundable tax credit regardless of income level. That was resisted by conservatives who called it another entitlement program. Critics also said extremely wealthy people would receive the credit even though they do not need it.
In the most recent version of the bill, the tax credits would only be available to those within certain income levels, according to Politico. They would start to phase out for individuals earning $75,000 and households earning $150,000, and would be unavailable for individuals who earn more than $215,000, Politico reported.
Republicans had also initially proposed capping exemptions on employer-provided health coverage, a provision that drew the ire of some conservatives who said the bill would remove Obamacare’s taxes only to replace it with another.
According to Politico, the latest version of the bill would not include a cap. The bill also delays repealing several of Obamacare’s taxes until 2018, a year later than initially proposed, Politico reported.






ARTICLE
March 6, 2017
Washington, DC – John Hines, OAN Political Correspondent
Reportedly there is a draft of the Obamacare replacement somewhere in the Capitol, but some members of Congress haven’t been able to find it, much less read it, says Kentucky Senator Rand Paul (R-Kentucky).
“I went looking for it all over the Capitol.  They said it was available, but only to certain members of a certain committee.  And they said it was under lock and key and being guarded and I said what in world would the health care bill be top secret for?  So I went looking for it, but I denied access to the bill,” Paul remarks.  “I do believe it exists, but I was denied access to that.  And I think that’s a mistake.  I think we should do this out in the open.  In Kentucky, it’s illegal not to conduct business that’s out in the open,” says the former physician.
Denied access to the house leadership’s bill, even though Paul is a medical doctor and has written his own Obamacare replacement bill.  And that may be because the house leadership’s bill may not resemble the Paul plan–which is supported by the conservative House Freedom Caucus–in a key respect.
“Where the line is separating between some in House leadership and my plan is they want what are called refundable tax credits.  That’s where you get back somebody else’s money.  I’m for letting you get back some of your money through a tax credit. If you get back someone else’s money, that’s like an entitlement program and it will grow and grow. You saw Sen. Lee and Sen. Cruz coming together and saying you know what…our starting point out to be the bill we already voted on a year ago.  We should vote for less repeal than that.  Many of us think that the House leadership plan is less than the repeal plan we voted on a year or so ago,” Paul explains.
And Senators Lee, Cruz and Paul are not alone.  Jason Pye of the conservative activist group Freedomworks is skeptical of supporting the House Leadership’s health care plan which Pye hasn’t seen.
“It’s frustrating that this bill is being put together in secret, and not really anyone knows what’s going on outside of the members of the committee…We need to know this is something we can support and based on that draft that that discussion draft that was going around we couldn’t support that.  Now, I’m open to supporting something that House Republicans put out, but eliminating one entitlement, only to bring in new entitlement, so Senator Paul when he was going around trying to find a copy of that bill was doing God’s work in my opinion,” says Pye.
Pye says that the House version of an Obamacare replacement bill closely tracks house Speaker Paul Ryan’s health care plan.  But that plan won’t get far in the Senate unless the plan is reworked to meet the approval of Sens. Lee, Cruz, Paul and other conservatives.



ARTICLE
March 6, 2017
Washington, D.C. – Trey Yingst, OAN Chief White House Correspondent
A Senior White House Official confirmed to One America News that the Prime Minister of Iraq, Haider al-Abadi, is traveling to Washington, D.C. later this month to meet with President Donald Trump.
The meeting comes as President Trump signs a new executive order on immigration.
The new order does not include Iraq on the list of countries to have a temporary suspension of immigration to the US.
Sources within the Iraqi government told One America News that meeting will take place as the operation to liberate Mosul approaches an end.
In Washington, the two world leaders are expected to discuss the fight against ISIS and how the US hopes to develop a stronger relationship in the region.
So far, 5,000 US troops have supported the Iraqi army as it looks to eradicate the Islamic State from within it’s borders.



ARTICLE
March 4, 2017
By Susan Heavey and Emily Stephenson
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions will reply in writing to Senate Democrats’ questions about his meetings with Russia’s ambassador last year, the Justice Department said on Friday after a top Republican denied Democrats’ request for a public hearing.
Nine Democratic senators sent a letter earlier Friday asking Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley to call Sessions before his panel to explain his failure until this week to disclose his contacts with the Russian ambassador during the 2016 presidential campaign.
The letter came a day after Sessions, the country’s top justice official and a key ally of Republican President Donald Trump, removed himself from any investigation into alleged Russian meddling in the election.
Grassley replied that he had no plans for a hearing.
Instead, Sessions on Monday will submit written answers to questions posed in the Democratic lawmakers’ letter, such as why he did not come forward sooner to detail his communications with Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak, Justice Department spokesman Peter Carr said.
On Thursday, Sessions said he met Kislyak in his Senate office two months before the election as well as at an event with other ambassadors at the Republican National Convention.
During the Senate confirmation process to become attorney general, Sessions denied having any contact with Russian officials during the campaign.
Sessions told reporters he had done nothing wrong by failing to disclose the contact with Kislyak. The Washington Post first disclosed the meetings on Wednesday.
Many Democrats, who are pushing for a broad probe of ties between Trump campaign associates and Russian operatives, called for Sessions to resign.
Trump, however, has backed his attorney general and accused Democrats of blowing the issue out of proportion for political purposes.
On Friday, he accused Chuck Schumer, the top Democrat in the Senate, of double standards for having met Russian President Vladimir Putin himself.
“We should start an immediate investigation into @SenSchumer and his ties to Russia and Putin. A total hypocrite!” Trump said in a tweet that included what appeared to be an old picture of Schumer and Putin smiling as they ate donuts.
Schumer, who has called for Sessions’ resignation, responded in a tweet that he was willing to swear under oath that his contact with Putin and the Russian leader’s associates occurred in 2003 and in public with the media present.

‘WITCH HUNT’
Two U.S. officials, speaking on condition of anonymity on Thursday, said Sessions was one of many subjects of a government investigation of any contacts between the Trump campaign and Russia.
While there is nothing legally wrong with such meetings, the reported contacts raise questions about the White House’s statements that it knew of no further communications with Russian officials beyond those by ex-national security adviser Michael Flynn, who was fired last month.
The Russia controversy has dogged the early days of the Trump administration and threatens to obscure its push to cut taxes, repeal the Obamacare healthcare law and deal with other top domestic priorities.
Democratic senators including Dianne Feinstein and Richard Blumenthal said in their letter that Sessions’ decision to step back from campaign-related investigations was welcome. But they said his previous answers to questions about Russia were “incomplete and misleading.”
“Given the seriousness of this matter, we do not believe that a written submission to correct the record is sufficient,” they said in the letter.
U.S. intelligence agencies concluded last year that Russia hacked and leaked Democratic emails during the election campaign as part of an effort to tilt the vote in Trump’s favor. The Kremlin has denied the allegations.
On Friday, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said the controversy looked like “a witch hunt,” the RIA news agency reported.
Trump called frequently during his campaign for improved relations with Russia, which have been deeply strained in recent years over Moscow’s military interference in Ukraine, its support for President Bashar al-Assad in Syria and Putin’s intolerance of political dissent.
With his administration on the defensive over Russia, Trump’s enthusiasm seems to have cooled, and his top foreign policy advisers have begun talking tougher about Moscow.




ARTICLE
March 4, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. Vice President Mike Pence on Friday said there was “no comparison whatsoever” between his use of a private email account for state business while he was governor of Indiana and the email woes of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.
Clinton’s use of a private email server during her time in government became a major point of criticism against her as the Democratic nominee during the 2016 presidential election by Pence, the running mate of President Donald Trump, and others involved in the Republican campaign.
“There’s no comparison whatsoever between Hillary Clinton’s practice, having a private server that was handling classified information, destroying emails that were requested by the Congress and by officials,” Pence told reporters on the sidelines of an event in Wisconsin.
Pence’s use of an AOL email account was first reported by the Indianapolis Star on Thursday. The newspaper said Pence used the account at times to discuss sensitive matters and homeland security issues. The account was hacked last summer, the newspaper reported.
Pence said he complied with Indiana laws in his use of the email account, and he had an outside attorney review his private email records and archive those related to state business.
During the campaign, Trump and Pence said Clinton’s use of a private server broke the law and endangered national security – complaints that led their supporters to chant “Lock her up!” at rallies.
The State Department’s internal watchdog said Clinton’s use of a private server broke department rules. The FBI reviewed her emails for classified material, but it found that no criminal charges were warranted.
FBI Director James Comey, however, said Clinton and her colleagues were “careless” with classified information.
Clinton’s staff turned over thousands of emails to the State Department in late 2014. Her team said emails that were not related to government work were deleted, although they said that direction was given before lawmakers issued a subpoena for them.
A White House spokeswoman said Pence was not subject to federal laws as governor, unlike Clinton, and did not handle classified information.
“There’s light years of difference” between the use of private email by Pence and Clinton, White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters.




ARTICLE
March 4, 2017
By Yeganeh Torbati
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The U.S. State Department released its annual report on human rights around the world on Friday but the release was overshadowed by criticism that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson gave the report little of the traditional attention or fanfare.
Tillerson declined to unveil the report in person, breaking with precedent established during both Democratic and Republican administrations. A senior U.S. official answered reporters’ questions by phone on condition of anonymity rather than appearing on camera, also a break with precedent.
“The report speaks for itself,” the official said in response to a question about why Tillerson did not unveil it. “We’re very, very proud of it. The facts should really be the story here.”
The report, mandated by Congress, documents human rights conditions in nearly 200 countries and territories and is put together by staff in U.S. embassies. This year’s report was largely completed during former President Barack Obama’s tenure.
According to the report, Philippine police and vigilantes “killed more than 6,000 suspected drug dealers and users” since July and extrajudicial killings have “increased sharply” in the Philippines in the last year. Philippine officials say their government does not tolerate human rights violations or state-sponsored extrajudicial killings.
The report’s language on Russia remained broadly similar to that of years past, noting the country’s “authoritarian political system dominated by President Vladimir Putin.”
President Donald Trump has said he would like to improve U.S. relations with Russia.
Traditionally, the secretary of state unveils the report with public comments emphasizing the centrality of human rights in U.S. foreign policy and highlighting specific findings.
Tillerson’s Democratic predecessors John Kerry and Hillary Clinton gave public comments on the report in 2013 and 2009, their first years in the post, respectively, and continued to present it throughout their tenures.
In 2005, during Republican President George W. Bush’s administration, the undersecretary of state for global affairs, Paula Dobriansky, presented the report on camera on behalf of Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice.
So far in his one-month tenure, Tillerson has not held a news conference and has mostly refrained from answering questions from the media.
Human rights groups criticized the way the report was rolled out.
“It’s just signaling a lack of basic interest and understanding in how support for human rights reflects what’s best about America,” said Rob Berschinski, senior vice president for policy at Human Rights First.
Berschinski was deputy assistant secretary of state for democracy, human rights and labor until Jan. 20, and helped coordinate the report.
On Friday, the U.S. official quoted from Tillerson’s confirmation hearing to offer proof that he views human rights conditions as crucial to U.S. interests, adding, “These statements are very clear about our commitment to human rights.”
In the introduction to this year’s report, Tillerson wrote “our values are our interests when it comes to human rights.”
But in his confirmation hearing, Tillerson sidestepped questions on human rights conditions in other countries, declining to condemn countries like Saudi Arabia and the Philippines, saying he wanted to see the facts first.
Republican Senator Marco Rubio on Friday said on his Facebook page he was “disappointed that the secretary of state did not personally present the latest report.”
“American leadership in defense of basic human rights, on behalf of those whose voices have been silenced, is needed now more than ever,” Rubio wrote.




ARTICLE
March 3, 2017
“It’s specific to new pipelines or those that are being repaired,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters on Air Force One, when asked about a report by Politico that Keystone would not need to use U.S. steel, despite Trump’s order issued on Jan. 24.
“Since this one is already currently under construction, the steel is already literally sitting there, it’s hard to go back. Everything moving forward would fall under that executive order,” Sanders said. The southern leg of Keystone is completed and started pumping oil in 2013. Some pipe segments that could be used for Keystone XL, which would bring oil from Alberta, Canada to Nebraska, have already been built.
Former Democratic president Barack Obama rejected TranCanada Corp’s <TRP.TO> multibillion-dollar pipeline, saying it would not benefit U.S. drivers and would contribute emissions linked to global warming.
Trump’s order expedited the path forward for TransCanada to reapply to build Keystone XL.
In weeks after issuing the order, Trump said in speeches and in meetings, including one with manufacturing CEOs, that Keystone would be required to use U.S. steel. In a speech this week to a joint session of Congress, Trump softened that stance saying new pipelines would have to be made with it.
Economists told Reuters days after Trump issued the order that the steel requirement had many loopholes, would not be easily enforceable, and could violate international trade law.
Even if there were no loopholes, U.S. steelmakers would receive negligible benefit from Keystone XL, because they have limited ability to meet the stringent requirements for the project.
The office of Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said it welcomes the allowance of non-U.S. steel, calling it a “recognition that the integrated Canadian and U.S. steel industries are mutually beneficial.”
TransCanada said it was encouraged by the White House statement on non-U.S. steel and that its presidential permit application on Keystone was making its way through the approval process. 
Canadian Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale said on Twitter that allowing non-U.S. steel was “important for companies like Evraz Steel,” a local subsidiary of Russia’s Evraz PLC, which had signed on to provide 24 percent of the steel before Keystone XL’s rejection by Obama.




ARTICLE
March 3, 2017
By David Shepardson
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The Trump administration said on Friday it is suspending action on an Obama administration decision in October to probe a long-time practice by some airlines of preventing various travel websites from showing their fares and whether to require transparency in airline baggage and other fees.
The U.S. Transportation Department said in a notice Friday it is suspending a public comment period on the review of the practices to “allow the president’s appointees the opportunity to review and consider this action.”
Airlines generated $3.8 billion in baggage fees in 2015 and the Obama administration said in October it was formally exploring requiring airlines and ticket agents to provide consumers with prices that include service fees for baggage and other services alongside fares at points of sale.
Separately, the Trump administration is also extending the compliance date for a new regulation requiring reporting of data for mishandled baggage and wheelchairs in aircraft cargo compartments for one year – until Jan. 1, 2019.
Airlines for America, the industry trade group representing American Airlines Group Inc <AAL.O>, United Continental Holdings Inc <UAL.N>, Southwest Airlines Co <LUV.N> and others, praised the decision.
“Today’s action is a common sense measure reinforcing that the airline industry is capable of making the decisions that best serve our customers, our employees and the
communities we serve,” the airlines’ group chief executive Nicholas Calio said in a statement.
The group added the “airline industry operates under 13,000 regulations across 13 agencies, many of which are outdated,
obsolete and in need of reform.”
President Donald Trump met with airline chief executives last month and asked them to identify regulatory hurdles preventing job growth in the industry.
A study commissioned by a travel agencies’ trade group, the Travel Technology Association, in 2014 found that restricting the ability to comparison-shop would result in ticket prices increasing more than 11 percent.
Airline shares rose on the news.
JPMorgan said in a research note Friday that the “the protections never mattered in the first place – the financial impact of the Obama protections was largely irrelevant, in our view.”
The Obama administration efforts were very modest, JPMorgan said, and did not propose limiting airlines’ ability to pursue ancillary revenue, such as an outright ban on bag fees.
But JPMorgan added: “U.S. airlines appear to increasingly have the ear of a sympathetic, regulatory-averse administration.”




ARTICLE
March 3, 2017

RUSSIA
Democratic Senator Richard Blumenthal calls for U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions to be questioned by the Senate Judiciary Committee over his failure to disclose meetings with Russia’s ambassador during last year’s presidential campaign.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov says the U.S. political scandal over contacts between the Russian ambassador and members of Trump’s administration looks like “a witch hunt.”
Less than five weeks after Trump took office, the chances of a thaw in relations between Washington and Moscow – once buoyed by an apparent “bromance” between Trump and President Vladimir Putin – are much dimmer, U.S. officials say.
A Kremlin spokesman says Trump’s proposed increase in U.S. defense spending is an internal matter for Washington and does not concern Russia unless it disrupts the existing strategic balance of power.

INTERIOR DEPARTMENT
New Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke tells employees he will not sell off federal lands, as had been feared, but says he plans to review Obama-era measures that limited energy development on some federal land and undertake a “bold” reorganization of his 70,000-employee agency.

SECRECY
The Trump administration’s attempts to plug leaks creates unease among some career civil servants who say the campaign appears designed to limit the flow of information inside and outside government.

GERMANY
German Chancellor Angela Merkel will travel to Washington on March 14 to meet Trump, their first encounter after a rocky start to relations amid disagreements about trade, Trump’s travel ban and his comments about the media.

AIRLINES
The Trump administration says it is suspending action on an Obama administration decision in October to investigate a long-time practice by some airlines of preventing various travel websites from showing their fares.

MEXICO
Mexico is prepared to negotiate changes to the North American Free Trade Agreement to modernize the 23-year-old open trade pact grouping the United States, Canada and Mexico, Economy Minister Ildefonso Guajardo says.
Mexico’s peso rallies to a nearly four-month high after the new U.S. commerce secretary offered support to the battered currency and said Mexico and the United States could reach a mutually beneficial trade deal.




ARTICLE
March 3, 2017
Washington, DC – Jorge Nunez, OAN Political Corespondent
For some conservatives who’ve been in Washington a while the so-called controversy surrounding the attorney general is all too familiar.  It illustrates a well-used tactic employed by the left, says Dan Schneider, Executive Director of the American Conservative Union.
“Well, I served in the Bush Administration–The George W. Bush Administration–The last two years of that Administration, I was running a federal agency at HHS the Department of Health and Human Services.  And over the course of those two years, there were a total of 2,000 allegations and complaints lodged against me–including allegations of criminal misconduct,” Schneider recalls. “This is standard course.  This is how the left operates to knock Republicans off balance.  Knock conservatives off balance,” he adds.
Certainly it appears a conservative attorney general has been knocked off balance, and all part of an effort to prevent the Trump Administration from doing what it said it would do, says Schneider.
“Sen. Sessions could have and should have answered his questions better.  In his confirmation hearing.  But in fact what is going on…the real thing that is going on here in Washington is maximum delay tactics.  The Democrats are trying to figure our how do we prevent the new President…the Congress how do we prevent them from moving forward.  So they are gonna gum up the works as best they can every way they can,” Schneider observes.
Democrats may be trying to prevent the new president from moving forward by distracting the attorney general with accusations which caused his recusal from Trump campaign investigations.  But, in fact, Richard Pollack, an investigative journalist for the Daily Caller News Foundation, thinks his recusal was unnecessary.
“I think it was a big mistake for the Attorney General to recuse himself.  Fact of the matter is.  These were normal meetings he would hold with ambassadors from all other countries.  There is no sense that there was any wrong doing.  He is paid in fact to go and meet with Ambassadors and ambassadors are paid to meet with Members of Congress.  There is no sense that there was any wrong doing here, and I really think he jumped the gun,” Pollock states.
No wrong doing according to Pollack, who offered an opinion as to why democrats have made such a fuss about a senator presumably doing his job.
“Democrats find themselves out of power almost everywhere.  They are out of power in the states.  They are out of power in Washington.  They do not have majorities in either house of Congress…. And so the only thing they can do is to scream and yell only thing they can do is to put on stunts. This what happens when you are impotent,” Pollock observes.
Pollock says it is remarkable how quickly democrats have rushed to judgement.  He says further that he has never seen anything like this in in his 40 years as a correspondent in Washington.



ARTICLE
March 3, 2017
New York, NY – Claire Hardwick, OAN Political Correspondent
President Trump addressed the anti-Semitic threats and vandalism in recent weeks, calling for all Americans to come together against this hate.
Shahar Azani, a former Israeli diplomat and executive director of StandWithUs New York, said one of the surest ways to oppose anti-Semitism, is for every American to show unanimous support towards the Jewish state of Israel.
Azani said Israel is hopeful the Trump administration will put pressure on the Palestinians to come to the negotiation table and form a two-state solution.
And that while the anti-Israel camp tries to make supporting Israel a partisan issue, it is in fact, a human issue.
“When you think about Israel and the nature of the country that is the state of Israel and its relationship with the great United States of America and the American people, it goes far deeper. And beyond anything that’s political. It is a moral standpoint between two beacons of western democracies and freedoms, between the great one of the United States of America, and a tiny tiny sliver of a state that exists in an ocean of darkness and hostilities that is the Middle East,” Azani said.
Azani said that to stand by a democracy in this region is a progressive value, a Republican value, and most importantly it is a human value.
He said to stand against Israel is not only doing a disservice not only to our generation, but to the freedom of future generations.



ARTICLE
March 3, 2017
Washington, D.C. – (Trey Yingst – OAN Chief White House Correspondent)
This week the New York Times and the Washington Post releases stories reporting that former Senator and current Attorney General Jeff Sessions had contact with the Russian ambassador to the United States, Sergey Kislyak.
On Thursday, Sessions responded to the reports by saying he spoke with the Russian ambassador multiple times, but did not discuss the Trump campaign for president.
The two meetings in question occurred in July and September. The July meeting occurred at the RNC with 50 other ambassadors and the September meeting occurred in Washington while Sessions was serving on the Armed Services Committee.
Also at the July meeting was JD Gordon, the former Director of National Security for the Trump campaign, who spoke with the Russian Ambassador. Gordon described the conversation as ‘casual.’
“Characterizing them as serious policy discussions would be an error,” Gordon said.
Gordon stressed that President Trump was unaware of this conversation that occurred during his campaign, but feels it was nothing out of the ordinary.
“It was a conversation where I said we should have better relations with Russia,” Gordon said.
In the interview with One America News, Gordon said he and Senator Sessions had been invited to the Russian Ambassador’s residence for a meal. Both declined the offer.



ARTICLE
March 3, 2017
Washington, DC – Kendall Forward, OAN Political Correspondent
While Republicans try to roll out a new tax plan, Democrats fight to keep Obamacare. While the two sides are at odds, it could be what’s  stalling a  new tax plan.
Grover Norquist from Americans for Tax Reform explains, you can’t have Tax Reform without repealing Obamacare — it’s the major tax cut the country desperately needs. “That 1-2 punch gives [the country] that pro- growth policy that will last the next 8 years,” says Norquist.
Norquist says for substantial change, reform must happen in that order, first Obamacare repeal, then Tax reform. He explains that will allow corporate rates to go down from 35 to 20, and take a substantial burden off the working and middle class — as well as simplify tax code.
“If you repeal  Obamacare repeal first, you bring taxes down a trillion dollars over a decade. Then, when you do tax reform you don’t have to raise as much money,” explains Norquist.
Republicans aim to make healthcare consumer-centric instead of top down, which is  a long term goal of the party; “So, Trump is right there with the rest of the Republican Party,  with the Reagan Republican Party, with a pro-growth policy, a free market approach to healthcare, and eliminating a series of tax increases Obama had put in.” Norquist adds, “those 2 things will give you strong economic growth, not just for the next year or 2 but for the next 8 years.”



ARTICLE
March 2, 2017
By Yasmeen Abutaleb and Susan Cornwell
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Ten state governors seeking to avoid millions of dollars in federal healthcare cuts under Republican plans to replace Obamacare pressed their case in a meeting with Vice President Mike Pence on Sunday, according to two people briefed on the talks.
The governors are worried that repealing former President Barack Obama’s 2010 healthcare law without a detailed replacement will take coverage away from millions of Americans and land the states with a large financial hit.
Pressure from governors is just one of the challenges facing President Donald Trump’s administration as it tries to
scrap Obama’s Affordable Care Act, one of the Republican’s signature election campaign promises.
During the hour-long meeting, the governors presented Pence and Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price with a proposal to reform the Medicaid program for the poor, the sources said.
Under Obamacare, more than 30 states – including about a dozen with Republican governors – expanded Medicaid by allowing those who earned incomes up to 138 percent of the federal poverty level to enroll.
The governors’ plan would allow those states to maintain the Medicaid expansion and enable other states to also expand, according to a copy of the proposal seen by Reuters. States could choose to expand Medicaid to any income level at or below 138 percent and retain enhanced federal funding for the program.
The proposal would also give states more flexibility in how they manage their Medicaid programs and cap spending for certain populations.
House Republicans have yet to agree on a single detailed policy proposal and many say it will not be in place before 2019.
On Thursday, a draft Obamacare repeal bill by the House Republicans was available for Republican members of the House Energy and Commerce Committee to read in a room on Capitol Hill but was not publicly released. It was not clear whether the governors’ demands were addressed in the latest version of the draft bill.
“The President and Vice President have been very clear that governors and states will play a critical role in the repeal and replacement of Obamacare,” said Marc Lotter, a Pence spokesman.
Ohio Governor John Kasich also met with Trump on Friday and briefed him on the governors’ plan.
In his address to Congress on Tuesday, Trump said that state governors should be given “the resources and flexibility they need with Medicaid to make sure no one is left out.”
Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker and House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady met on Thursday with Republican members of the Senate Finance Committee and discussed the Medicaid expansion.
“We’re still a long ways off,” Walker said. “The same things they (lawmakers) hear from their members are the same things we hear in the states, is how do you balance states that didn’t take the expansion and states that did. How do we make sure we find a good way?” he said.




ARTICLE
March 2, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The U.S. Senate voted on Thursday to confirm retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson as secretary of the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) in President Donald Trump’s Cabinet.
Carson, who ran for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination and later endorsed Trump, becomes the only African-American in the Trump Cabinet. The Senate confirmed his appointment by a vote of 58 to 41.
Carson was sworn in by Vice President Mike Pence later on Thursday.
During his confirmation hearing in January, Carson, 65, told the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs that he would monitor any potential conflicts of interest between his agency and properties controlled by Trump.
He also told lawmakers he was fit to lead HUD, an agency whose mission includes helping the poor get housing, even though he has sometimes criticized its work.




ARTICLE
March 2, 2017
By Valerie Volcovici
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – New U.S. Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke on Thursday issued an order overturning an Obama administration ban on the controversial use of lead ammunition and fishing tackle used on federal lands and waters, in a nod to hunters and fishermen on his first day on the job.
Zinke, who was a first-term Montana Congressman and a former Navy SEAL, arrived for his first day at work at the Interior Department in Washington on a horse named Tonto escorted by mounted U.S. Park Police officers.
Zinke, an avid angler and hunter, lifted the lead ammunition ban in one of two secretarial orders, which he said were meant to “expand access to public lands and increase hunting, fishing, and recreation opportunities nationwide.”
President Barack Obama’s Fish and Wildlife Service had issued the lead ban on Jan. 19, one day before the inauguration of President Donald Trump, to protect birds and fish from lead poisoning. The move was met with sharp criticism from the National Rifle Association (NRA), which called it Obama’s “final assault on gun owners’ and sportsmen’s rights.”
The Interior Department, which is in charge of conserving fish, wildlife and their habitat, manages one-fifth of the land in the United States. It employs more than 70,000 people across the United States.
Zinke also signed an order on Thursday that would direct federal agencies to identify areas where recreation and fishing can be expanded and sought recommendations for expanding access to public lands and improving fishing and wildlife habitat.
“This package of secretarial orders will expand access for outdoor enthusiasts and also make sure the community’s voice is heard,” he said.
The NRA, as well as hunting and fishing groups including the Congressional Sportsmen’s Foundation, National Shooting Sports Foundation, Ducks Unlimited and the Theodore Roosevelt Conservation Partnership attended the signing of the orders.
Zinke said that fishing, hunting, and other outdoor recreation activities “generate thousands of jobs and billions of dollars in economic activity.”




ARTICLE
March 2, 2017
By Toni Clarke
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – President Donald Trump’s nominee to run the department overseeing the U.S. government’s health programs for the elderly and disabled won the backing of a Senate committee on Thursday, paving the way for a full vote in the Senate.
The Senate Committee on Finance voted 13-12 to support Seema Verma to run the $1 trillion Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. Verma is the owner of SVC, a healthcare consulting firm, and has helped redesign Medicaid programs in several states, including Indiana.
She worked in Indiana to expand Medicaid to include thousands of additional low-income residents. Those residents are required to make small monthly payments toward their care through health savings accounts.
It is a model that could influence how the Trump administration thinks about providing health care to low-income people. In a speech to Congress on Tuesday, Trump said the government should help Americans buy health insurance through the use of tax credits and expanded health savings accounts.
Verma has worked closely with Vice President Mike Pence, who as governor of Indiana awarded her the Sagamore of the Wabash award, typically bestowed on those who have rendered distinguished services to the state or to the governor.
Republican Senator Orrin Hatch of Utah said in a statement that addressing the challenges facing Medicare and Medicaid will require a strong partnership with the administration.
Verma, he said, “will help facilitate that partnership and as we work to repeal and replace Obamacare, she will play a vital role in realigning the focus on patient-centered solutions.”
Speaking before a preliminary vote on Wednesday, Democratic Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon expressed concern that in her confirmation hearing last month, Verma had failed to answer questions about how she would tackle high drug prices.
He also said that while helping manage the state of Indiana’s health program, her firm was being paid by companies that were providing services and products to the program.
“She was on both sides of the deal,” he said.
Verma has denied any wrong-doing. In a Jan. 31 letter to the Department of Health and Human Services, she outlined various steps she would take to avoid any conflicts of interest if confirmed as administrator of CMS, including divesting her financial interest in SVC Inc within 90 days of confirmation.





ARTICLE
March 2, 2017
Washington, DC – Kendall Forward, OAN Political Correspondent
Hundreds of veterans and members of veteran’s service organizations were on Capitol Hill this week, testifying before Congress in the Veterans of Foreign Wars Legislative Conference. The yearly Congressional petition is to reminding legislators to take care of veterans and the men and women who serve.
This year they had two main points of concern: sequestration and the V.A.
Director of Veterans of Foreign Affairs in Washington, D.C., Joseph Davis says, “This is our day to storm the Hill, to remind Congress that they have a duty to take care of those who safeguard the rest of the country.”
Veterans were joined by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, as Commander in Chief Brian Duffy testified before the House and Senate Veterans Affairs Committees.  The first topic Commander Duffy brought before the committee was sequestration, saying “the threat of sequestration and the draconian spending caps limits our nation’s ability to provide service members, veterans, and their families the care they have earned and deserved.”
The group represents nearly 1.7 million members of the V.F.W.
Davis says they also need to support the V.A. in caring for all members, including women, which he says is “the fastest growing group of veterans.”
Davis adds, while supporting veterans is a bipartisan issue, they’re the union the military does not have. And, although the V.A. undoubtedly has its hiccups, it’s irreplaceable, saying “it performs magic every single day somewhere. The civilian health care is there to compliment the V.A. but it can never replace it.”
Veterans addressed these concerns with their legislators just following the president’s joint address to congress. An address which Davis says gives him confidence the country will continue caring for  men and women in uniform;  “Taking care of veterans taking care of service members and their families was a huge campaign issue and it’s not going to be forgotten.”



ARTICLE
March 2, 2017
LOS ANGELES (Reuters) – Actor Alec Baldwin is taking his “Saturday Night Live” impersonation of U.S. President Donald Trump from the screen to the pages of a satirical White House memoir due for release later this year, Penguin Press said on Wednesday.
The co-authored parody political narrative “You Can’t Spell America Without Me: The Really Tremendous Inside Story of My Fantastic First Year As President,” by Baldwin and real-life novelist and radio host Kurt Andersen, is set to hit bookstores on Nov. 7, the publisher said.
Viewer ratings have soared for “Saturday Night Live,” NBC’s long-running weekly comedy sketch show, since Baldwin started appearing as Trump in a series of skits mocking the billionaire reality TV star turned politician in October.
The parodies, in which Baldwin portrays Trump as a dim-witted commander-in-chief with a short attention span, an oversized-ego and a Twitter addiction, have become an “SNL” staple, while also drawing the real-life ire of the Republican president.
Trump criticized the NBC show in December, calling it “totally unwatchable” and a “hit-job.”
“He was elected because he was the most frank presidential candidate in history, a man always eager to tell the unvarnished truth about others’ flaws as well as his own excellence,” Penguin said of Trump in a statement announcing the parody memoir. “Now that refreshingly compulsive … candor is applied to his time as leader of the free world.”
The announcement came a day after the parent company, Penguin Random House, announced it had clinched a deal to publish two forthcoming books by former U.S. President Barack Obama and former first lady Michelle Obama.
The terms of that agreement were not disclosed, but the Financial Times reported it capped a heated auction for global rights to the two books, with bidding that topped a record $60 million.




ARTICLE
March 2, 2017
Washington, DC – Kendall Forward, OAN Political Correspondent
The Venezuelan government is under investigation by the international community for selling legitimate Venezuelan identification identification to non-Venezuelan citizens.
Security intel has been investigating an immigration scheme concocted by the Venezuelan regime, allowing a criminal pipeline to funnel into the Western Hemisphere from the Middle East over the past several years.
Now, the treasury department is taking action to stop this activity.
Joseph Humire, Executive Director for a Secure and Free Society says, “what we’re concerned with was the dual identities — individuals that were of Middle East origin coming from Iran, Iraq, Lebanon, Syria, Jordan,or other countries in the Middle East.
It’s what he calls, an immigration scheme going on in Venezuela — the government facilitating drug traffickers and potentially terrorists to enter the Western Hemisphere.  But he clarifies it’s not all Venezuelans coming in, saying  “there’s a lot of Venezuelans that come for legitimate reasons. I’d say the majority come for legitimate reasons. The question is are we vetting to potential false identities.  a “Venezuelan”, someone that’s not a Venezuelan, someone that’s from the Middle East but has a new identity… ”
Years of investigation and reports from inside whistle blowers show the Venezuelan government selling identification documents; birth certificates, national IDs and Venezuelan passports to non- citizens.
“And then potentially once they have all those documents they can apply for a U.S. Visa,” says Roger Noriega, former Assistant Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere Affairs.
According to Noriega, it’s trans-national organized crime that ravages the security of Latin America and threatens U.S. borders.
Recent actions by the Treasury Department aims to stop these threats, using sanctions.  “They look at the dollar denominated transactions used to launder money to carry out these criminal enterprises,  using our money.  You cant use the American greenback to carry that threat to our shores,” says Noriega.
Noriega goes onto say there’s a need for more accountability and awareness of the problem from the global community. But first and foremost, the illegal activity cannot be carried out using American currency; “There were these people from the Middle East — a very  complicated part of the world —  who are able to put their hands on documents that would get them into the Western Hemisphere,  carrying their asymmetrical struggle into our neighborhood. So, that sanction strategy is really an important part of this because it helps us get some leverage of our regime.”



ARTICLE
March 2, 2017
By Emily Flitter
NEW YORK (Reuters) – U.S. Republican Representative Darrell Issa of California has joined the Climate Solutions Caucus, a bipartisan group of lawmakers dedicated to fighting climate change, spokesmen for the group and Issa said on Wednesday.
The group, founded a year ago by Florida lawmakers looking to slow the effects of global warming, like coastal flooding, now has 13 Republicans and 13 Democrats. It is committed to keeping an even number of members of both parties.
The group hopes to become a counter-balance to President Donald Trump’s new administration, which includes several doubters of the science of climate change.
“This is a place where Democrats and Republicans are working together on problem that’s really difficult to solve,” said Daniel Richter, the caucus spokesman and legislative director for the Citizens Climate Lobby, a non-profit whose volunteers encourage members of Congress to join the caucus.
Not all Republicans accept the idea that human activity is causing global temperatures to rise, a conclusion reached by an overwhelming majority of scientists. Others accuse Democrats of overly politicizing a scientific issue in an attempt to demonize their opponents.
Trump, a Republican, has expressed skepticism about climate change, speculating during his campaign that global warming was “a hoax” and concern over it was “a money-making industry.”
Richter said he hoped the caucus can one day be as powerful as the House Freedom Caucus, a group of Republicans whose votes en bloc have become a strong force for conservative activism, scuttling new legislation its members ideologically oppose.
But he said, with Congress strongly weighted in favor of Republicans, the caucus will need at least a dozen more Republican members to become a significant force.




ARTICLE
March 2, 2017
By David Lawder
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration said on Wednesday that it will take aggressive action to combat other countries’  unfair trade practices and may defy World Trade Organization rulings that it views as interfering with U.S. sovereignty
In an annual trade policy agenda document, the U.S. Trade Representative’s office said the administration “will not tolerate” unfair trade practices that distort markets, including currency manipulation, unfair government subsidies, intellectual property theft and state-owned enterprises.
The document publicly released to Congress on Wednesday signals that the administration may try to push the limits of what is acceptable under WTO rules in its quest to make good on campaign promises to slash U.S. trade deficits with China and Mexico, and bring manufacturing jobs back to the United States.
The document represents a departure from the Obama administration’s strict adherence to WTO compliance in its challenges to unfair foreign trade practices.
“Unlike earlier presidents, Trump is signaling a willingness to impose import restrictions — especially against a country like China — where the justification under WTO rules for doing so may be highly questionable,” said Chad Bown, a senior fellow and trade expert at the Peterson Institute for International Economics in Washington.
“The downside of the United States going down this path is that it is likely that other countries will follow suit immediately,” Bown added.
The USTR document said it was not in the United States’ interest to let some WTO rulings undermine the use of effective remedies that the Geneva-based trade body expressly allows to fight unfair trade.
“Accordingly, the Trump administration will act aggressively as needed to discourage this type of behavior — and encourage true market competition,” the USTR said in the document.
Laying out many of Trump’s trade plans in writing for the first time, the document said the Trump administration plans to strictly enforce U.S. trade laws, defend U.S. national sovereignty over trade policy, and use all possible leverage to open foreign markets to U.S. exports, the document said.
It makes clear the Trump administration’s view that U.S. law supersedes WTO rules — a view that could be invoked should Congress adopt a border tax adjustment plan to impose new taxes on imports that is later challenged as violating WTO tariff rules by other member countries.
“The Trump administration will aggressively defend American sovereignty over matters of trade policy,” the report said.
The nominee to be Trump’s top trade negotiator, veteran steel industry lawyer Robert Lighthizer, in 2010 advocated “aggressive interpretations of WTO provisions that might help us deal with Chinese mercantilism.”
Lighthizer is awaiting confirmation by the U.S. Senate. He served as a deputy USTR in the Reagan administration, helping to negotiate import quotas on Japanese goods in the 1980s, with the help of powerful trade law provisions that have largely gone unused since the WTO was launched in 1995.




ARTICLE
March 2, 2017
By Deena Beasley
During the televised address, Trump acknowledged in the audience Megan Crowley, a college student who has Pompe disease – a rare muscle disorder that can be treated with an expensive enzyme replacement therapy.
“But our slow and burdensome approval process at the Food and Drug Administration keeps too many advances, like the one that saved Megan’s life, from reaching those in need,” the president said. “If we slash the restraints, not just at the FDA but across our Government, then we will be blessed with far more miracles like Megan.”
Trump has in the past excoriated drugmakers for charging “astronomical” prices, while acknowledging how “complicated” the nation’s healthcare system is.
Representatives of the Trump administration could not immediately be reached for comment on Wednesday on whether the president believes the treatment price for Pompe disease is fair.
Trump’s comments on Tuesday night highlight an issue central to the industry and investors – the potential for deregulation of the FDA, the agency charged with approving pharmaceutical products.
“I think Trump used this example somewhat cynically as a way of trying to advance the deregulatory agenda,” said Dr. Aaron Kesselheim, a researcher at Harvard Medical School. “The FDA’s standards actually promote innovation because patients don’t want just any old drug – they want drugs that work.”
Megan’s father, John Crowley, now chief executive at Amicus Therapeutics Inc, started a biotech company in 1998 to seek a treatment for Pompe disease.
In 2006, the FDA – after a nine-month review – approved infused enzyme replacement therapy Myozyme for patients born with the condition. A similar drug, Lumizyme, was approved in 2010 for late-onset Pompe disease and is now used regardless of a patient’s age.
The average annual cost of treatment is $298,000, according to Paris-based Sanofi SA, which now owns the drugs.
Under the Orphan Drug Act of 1983, drugs for rare diseases – defined as those that treat fewer than 200,000 patients – are given a range of incentives including seven years of marketing exclusivity.    “Pharmaceutical companies know they get a free pass for very expensive drugs for orphan diseases, whereas they don’t for mainstream diseases,” said Joel Hay, professor of pharmaceutical economics and policy at the University of Southern California.
The National Organization for Rare Disorders (NORD) applauded Trump’s recognition, but disagreed with the idea that the regulatory process needs an overhaul.
“Our patients deserve the same quality therapies as everyone else, and to weaken the standards will only threaten our population with unsafe, ineffective therapies,” NORD said in a statement on Wednesday.
Pompe disease, affecting 5,000 to 10,000 people worldwide, prevents the body from making enough of an enzyme used by heart and muscle cells to convert a form of sugar called glycogen into energy. When glycogen builds up in these cells it can lead to disability and death.
NORD estimates that around 30 million Americans suffer from 7,000 rare diseases.




ARTICLE
March 2, 2017
By Deena Beasley
During the televised address, Trump acknowledged in the audience Megan Crowley, a college student who has Pompe disease – a rare muscle disorder that can be treated with an expensive enzyme replacement therapy.
“But our slow and burdensome approval process at the Food and Drug Administration keeps too many advances, like the one that saved Megan’s life, from reaching those in need,” the president said. “If we slash the restraints, not just at the FDA but across our Government, then we will be blessed with far more miracles like Megan.”
Trump has in the past excoriated drugmakers for charging “astronomical” prices, while acknowledging how “complicated” the nation’s healthcare system is.
Representatives of the Trump administration could not immediately be reached for comment on Wednesday on whether the president believes the treatment price for Pompe disease is fair.
Trump’s comments on Tuesday night highlight an issue central to the industry and investors – the potential for deregulation of the FDA, the agency charged with approving pharmaceutical products.
“I think Trump used this example somewhat cynically as a way of trying to advance the deregulatory agenda,” said Dr. Aaron Kesselheim, a researcher at Harvard Medical School. “The FDA’s standards actually promote innovation because patients don’t want just any old drug – they want drugs that work.”
Megan’s father, John Crowley, now chief executive at Amicus Therapeutics Inc, started a biotech company in 1998 to seek a treatment for Pompe disease.
In 2006, the FDA – after a nine-month review – approved infused enzyme replacement therapy Myozyme for patients born with the condition. A similar drug, Lumizyme, was approved in 2010 for late-onset Pompe disease and is now used regardless of a patient’s age.
The average annual cost of treatment is $298,000, according to Paris-based Sanofi SA, which now owns the drugs.
Under the Orphan Drug Act of 1983, drugs for rare diseases – defined as those that treat fewer than 200,000 patients – are given a range of incentives including seven years of marketing exclusivity.    “Pharmaceutical companies know they get a free pass for very expensive drugs for orphan diseases, whereas they don’t for mainstream diseases,” said Joel Hay, professor of pharmaceutical economics and policy at the University of Southern California.
The National Organization for Rare Disorders (NORD) applauded Trump’s recognition, but disagreed with the idea that the regulatory process needs an overhaul.
“Our patients deserve the same quality therapies as everyone else, and to weaken the standards will only threaten our population with unsafe, ineffective therapies,” NORD said in a statement on Wednesday.
Pompe disease, affecting 5,000 to 10,000 people worldwide, prevents the body from making enough of an enzyme used by heart and muscle cells to convert a form of sugar called glycogen into energy. When glycogen builds up in these cells it can lead to disability and death.
NORD estimates that around 30 million Americans suffer from 7,000 rare diseases.




ARTICLE
March 1, 2017
By James Oliphant
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump showed a different side in his first address to Congress. This Trump was part deal-maker, part salesman, asking for unity and trying to repackage his populist message in more palatable terms.
He was less combative, less thin-skinned and more inclusive.
And where five weeks ago at his inauguration, he slammed Washington’s politicians as out-of-touch elitists who prospered at the expense of the public, his message on Tuesday night was different: I need you, Republicans and Democrats alike.
Always a showman, the reality TV star-turned-politician laid out plenty of promises: A massive infrastructure and public works program; tax cuts for the middle class; immigration reform; a healthcare overhaul; an education bill.
All of it would require congressional action, likely by different coalitions of conservatives, moderates and Democrats.
“This is our vision. This is our mission,” Trump said. “But we can only get there together.”
Trump, a Republican who has taunted Democrats over his 2016 election victory and publicly fumed as they held up his Cabinet nominees, did not criticize them this time. Repeatedly, he asked for their help, arguing that the country’s problems call for bipartisan solutions.
After weeks of attacks on the media, political rivals and the judges who ruled against his executive order to temporarily ban travel from seven Muslim-majority countries, Trump finally eased off, although his proposals were short on specifics.
“It was a softer tone and he gave a speech and not a tweet and that’s more suitable when you’re president of the United States,” said Democratic Representative Peter Welch. “The challenges are going to be the details on his policies.”
“He was presidential tonight in a way he has not been before this,” said Republican consultant Matt Mackowiak.
The address appeared to show some recognition by the White House that Trump’s bombastic go-it-alone style has its limits. After a parade of executive orders, Trump must now turn his attention to the big-ticket items on his agenda requiring legislative action.
“He’s done all he can unilaterally,” said Bradley Blakeman, a former aide to President George W. Bush. “Now he needs to pass bills.”
Even though Republicans control Congress, Blakeman said Trump needs Democrats to build a majority that would allow conservative Republicans to oppose some of his more centrist proposals, such as hefty infrastructure spending and talks on immigration reform.
“The president is as transactional a person as we’ve ever seen,” Blakeman said. “He understands that you might not like this deal, but I need you for three other deals.”

SKEPTICAL
Despite the softer tone, Trump’s divisive policies and months of hostile rhetoric will not be forgotten by his adversaries.
Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer, in a round of television interviews on Wednesday morning, dismissed Trump’s speech as detached from reality, saying the softer tone did not match the administration’s hard-line agenda presented so far.
“His speeches are populist. They’re aimed at the working folks who supported him. But his governing and what he does is hard right, favoring special interests over the working class,” Schumer told CBS.
Nancy Pelosi, the leading Democrat in the U.S. House of Representatives, told MSNBC that Trump gave a good sales pitch but has offered little in the way of concrete proposals: “All they have is rhetoric. We don’t have any reality in terms of any legislation.”
Congressional Democrats said they liked Trump’s infrastructure program, his childcare tax credit, his call to reduce the prices of prescription drugs, and his vow to preserve some key elements of former President Barack Obama’s signature 2010 health insurance law.
Democrats remain troubled, among other things, by Trump’s desire to slash domestic programs to increase military spending, his plans to reduce taxes for the wealthy and corporations, as well as his aggressive policy to deport illegal immigrants.
To be sure, the more foreboding elements of Trump’s campaign rhetoric were still present, albeit slightly dialed-down. As he did during the campaign, he portrayed a country in ruinous economic shape and plagued by terrorism, drugs, gangs, and illegal immigrants.
In coming days, the White House is likely to release a revised version of its travel ban, reigniting a controversy that overshadowed the first weeks of Trump’s presidency. [nL2N1GE0SB]
Trump came into the address struggling with public opinion. In an interview with Fox News he acknowledged that he and his staff had not been effective communicators. The most recent Reuters/Ipsos tracking poll found about 48 percent of Americans disapproved of Trump’s performance, with 46 percent backing him, poor numbers for a new president.
Mackowiak said Trump’s address could reverse his fortunes in a “crucial moment” for his presidency. “His public support will improve from this speech,” he said.
But John Geer, a public-opinion expert at Vanderbilt University, was not convinced. “He’s going to have to do more than give a speech.”




ARTICLE
March 1, 2017
By Emily Stephenson
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The White House told a government watchdog agency that Kellyanne Conway, a senior aide to President Donald Trump, acted “inadvertently” when she publicly endorsed the clothing and jewelry line of Trump’s daughter, Ivanka, according to a letter the administration released on Wednesday.
Conway came under criticism last month when she said on television that Americans should “go buy Ivanka’s stuff,” in comments that appeared to violate government ethics rules prohibiting the use of public office to endorse products or advance personal business gains.
In a letter to a government ethics watchdog agency, White House Deputy Counsel Stefan Passantino said he met with Conway after her comments and that she committed to follow the rules in the future.
The Office of Government Ethics has said the White House should consider taking disciplinary action against Conway.
But there was no mention in Passantino’s letter of any disciplinary action.
“We concluded that Ms. Conway acted inadvertently and is highly unlikely to do so again,” Passantino said in the letter to Office of Government Ethics Director Walter Shaub.
“It is noted that Ms. Conway made the statement in question in a light, off-hand manner while attempting to stand up for a person she believed had been unfairly treated and did so without nefarious motive or intent to benefit personally,” the letter said.
Conway spoke about Ivanka Trump’s products after department store chain Nordstrom Inc <JWN.N> said it was dropping the brand of the president’s older daughter.
A day before her appearance on television, Trump complained on Twitter that Nordstrom had treated his daughter unfairly by dropping her line.
Representative Elijah Cummings, the top Democrat on the House of Representatives’ oversight panel, criticized the White House response, saying other federal employees would likely be suspended if they made similar comments endorsing products or services.
Norman Eisen, a former ethics adviser to President Barack Obama, said each federal agency decides for itself how to handle such violations. He said he would have preferred a tougher response from Trump’s White House, but he said Passantino’s handling of the situation appeared reasonable.




ARTICLE
March 1, 2017
By David Brunnstrom
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – A bipartisan group of U.S. members of Congress has backed a proposal for $7.5 billion of new military funding for U.S. forces and their allies in the Asia-Pacific region, where tensions have risen over China’s territorial ambitions and military buildup.
Five members of the U.S. House of Representatives and eight senators from both the Democratic and Republican parties wrote to Defense Secretary Jim Mattis to support the Asia-Pacific Stability Initiative (ASPI) proposed in January by John McCain, chair of the Senate Armed Service Committee.
Copies of the letters were seen by Reuters. Their signatories include members of the armed services committees in both houses of Congress.
McCain’s proposal calls for $1.5 billion annually for five years to 2022 to boost U.S. munitions stocks in the region, build new military infrastructure, such as runways, and help allies and partners increase their capabilities.
The House letter urged Mattis to incorporate McCain’s proposal in the fiscal 2018-22 defense budgets.
“The Asia-Pacific region holds many interests for U.S. foreign policy that will require our government to continue to prioritize our time, energy and resources there,” it said.
The letter called former President Barack Obama’s policy of giving precedence to the Asia-Pacific “sound” and it was “critical” that this be continued under President Donald Trump.
It expressed concern about “the eroding military and economic balance that is the result of the People’s Republic of China’s two-decade military modernization, combined with the effect of years of sequestration on the U.S. military and our foreign policy apparatus.”
The Senate letter also expressed concern about increasing Russian activity in the region and North Korea’s nuclear and missile programs.
“ASPI will show both allies and adversaries that the U.S. remains committed to ensuring peace and security in a region that contains the world’s three largest economies, four most populous countries, six of the world’s largest armies, and five of the seven U.S. mutual defense agreements,” it said.
Trump has vowed to take a tougher line with China and to build up the U.S. military, although it is unclear whether he will succeed in lifting caps on defense spending that have been part of “sequestration” legislation.
China is due to announce its defense budget for this year this weekend, and its navy is likely to secure significant new funding as Beijing seeks to check U.S. dominance of the high seas and step up its projection of global power.




ARTICLE
March 1, 2017
New York, NY – Claire Hardwick, OAN Political Correspondent
Pay-to-play allegations against Mayor de Blasio have highlighted potential corruption charges in the New York City Mayor’s Office; and, according to the Republican candidate for mayor Paul Massey, show the need for new leadership in the city.
Mayor de Blasio is facing six investigations from six different agencies and two grand juries.
These investigations are over potential favors he may have given in exchange for political donations.
Massey said these corruption charges are outrageous, and not only take time away from de Blasio’s ability to govern, they are taking money away from New Yorker’s in legal fees.
“I think people know that there’s a serious cost. Not only in terms of you know 18 million and building in legal fees that is being cut from the budget and taken from the people who need it the most,” Massey said.
Massey said he is running as a business outsider, who is beholden to no special interests, and will bring a new type of leadership to New York City.



ARTICLE
March 1, 2017
Washington, DC – Trey Yingst (OAN Chief White House Correspondent)
A new poll released Wednesday shows that the majority of American’s approved of President Trump’s joint address to Congress.
The data released by CBS News/YouGov shows that 76% of viewers who tuned into the speech approved of the President’s words. Further, 82% of people found it “presidential.”
President Trump’s speech is being explained by many as a blue print for the future of the United States.
Among other things, the President discuss rebuilding US infrastructure, replacing Obamacare and focusing on access to education.
This week at the White House, the President hosted congressional leadership for a legislative affairs strategy session to plan out how he would keep his promise from the joint address.
“We are here to start the process. It begins as of now and we’ll have tremendous success,” President Trump said during the meeting.
Later this week, President Trump will elaborate on his joint address when he speaks aboard the USS Gerald Ford in Newport News, Virginia.



ARTICLE
March 1, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration is preparing to ignore any rulings by the World Trade Organization that it sees as an affront to U.S. sovereignty, the Financial Times reported on Tuesday, citing a report prepared by officials.
The draft document, due to be sent to the U.S. Congress on Wednesday, marks the first time the new administration has laid out its trade plans in writing, the Times said.
“Ever since the United States won its independence, it has been a basic principle of our country that American citizens are subject only to laws and regulations made by the U.S. government — not rulings made by foreign governments or international bodies,” the report said, according to the Times.
“Accordingly, the Trump administration will aggressively defend American sovereignty over matters of trade policy,” the report said, according to the Times.
The Wall Street Journal, which also said it reviewed the  document, said the policy represents a dramatic departure from the Obama administration, which emphasized international economic rules and the authority of the WTO, a body that regulates trade and resolves disputes among its members.
By contrast, the Trump administration will more assertively defend U.S. sovereignty over trade policy, ramp up enforcement of U.S. trade laws, and use “all possible sources of leverage to encourage other countries to open up their markets,” the document said, according to the Journal.
The White House did not immediately respond to a Reuters request for comment.
Congress requires the president to submit the administration’s trade policy annually by March 1.
In the face of Republican concerns, a congressional aide said language in the draft challenging the WTO could still be toned down in a final, public version, the Journal reported.
Washington is facing several important WTO decisions, particularly involving China. Potentially the most important is a WTO complaint filed in December by Beijing against the EU and the United States for blocking China’s request to be treated as a “market economy” under the institution’s rules.
A final ruling could still be years away. But were the U.S. to ignore a finding in China’s favor it could have major consequences for the WTO as a venue for resolving trade disputes before they fester into destructive trade wars, the Times said. 




ARTICLE
March 1, 2017
By David Lawder
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – New U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said President Donald Trump did not endorse a proposed border tax system on Tuesday in  his first speech to Congress on Tuesday, despite a vow to level the tax playing field for U.S. companies that export.
Ross, speaking to reporters after the speech, said that Trump was merely pointing out an export tax inequity between the United States and many other countries, not specifying how it should be remedied.
Trump said he was asking for a change in the way U.S. imports are taxed, saying that other countries “make us pay very high tariffs and taxes,” but the United States charges “nothing or almost nothing” on imports.
Trump referred to tariffs of 100 percent by some countries on U.S.-made Harley-Davidson Inc <HOG.N> motorcycles, saying that the company was used to being “mistreated” in foreign markets.
“They weren’t even asking for a change, but I am,” Trump told the joint session of Congress.
Asked if Trump’s remarks on the topic effectively endorsed a  plan by House of Representatives Republicans to levy a border tax of about 20 percent on imports into the United States, Ross said, “No, he did not.”
“What he addressed was the issue that needs to be solved,  which is there’s inequitable treatment of the U.S. Other countries have a value-added tax which they rebate on exports,” Ross said.
He said the World Trade Organization has turned down past U.S. requests to allow American companies to deduct income taxes paid on exports.
The proposed border tax is under attack from import-heavy businesses but is supported by large exporters, such as manufacturers.
“Border advisability, other programs are possible ways of solving that. But I didn’t hear him coming out clearly in favor of any one system,” said Ross, who was sworn in earlier on Tuesday.
Trump has not clearly endorse or opposed the border tax proposal, although he spoke favorably of it in a Reuters interview. He has also called the proposal “too complicated.”
Asked if WTO compliance was a crucial factor in the solution, Ross, a billionaire investor and corporate turnaround expert, said that the first negotiation over export tax would be with Congress.




ARTICLE
March 1, 2017
By Letitia Stein
CLEARWATER, Fla. (Reuters) – While U.S. President Donald Trump tried to win over skeptics in Congress on Tuesday, he never had to worry about losing the faithful at the Quaker Steak and Lube.
About two dozen fans of the 45th president gathered at the bar and restaurant in Clearwater, Florida, still committed to Trump despite the tumult of his first 40 days in office.
They praised the Republican president’s first address to a joint session of Congress, both for its familiar content and his newly deferential tone.
“He nailed it. He knocked it out of the park,” said Dean Mears, 58, of Clearwater, who watched with about two dozen others under large-screen TVs that were tuned to Fox News, the president’s favored cable news channel.
Like Trump supporters in other parts of the country, they praised the president’s more inclusive and less bombastic language as he also promised that “America must put its own citizens first,” crack down on illegal immigration and build up the military.
The milder Trump contrasted markedly with the candidate who insulted his rivals during the 2016 campaign, recently branded the news media the “enemy of the people” and was caught making vulgar remarks about grabbing women on a decade-old video.
In Boone County, Kentucky, the vice chairwoman of the local Republican Party, Phyllis Sparks, said she liked that Trump “spoke not only to his base but to all Americans.”
Kirt Jacobs, a Louisville entrepreneur, said Trump “was all about we and very little, if any, about me.”
In the Denver suburbs, a voter who supported Marco Rubio in last year’s Republican nominating contest, said Trump validated her vote for him in November.
“He had a much softer tone – more presidential – but stayed true to his principles,” said Kathleen Johnson. “He wasn’t blaming people and sounded more comforting.”
A CNN/ORC national poll found that 78 percent of respondents who watched the speech had a positive reaction.
With 3 million tweets, Trump’s speech was the most tweeted- about presidential address to Congress, surpassing the previous record of 2.6 million for Obama’s 2015 State of the Union speech, a Twitter spokesman said.
‘STICKING TO WHAT HE SAID’
At the Quaker Steak and Lube, the praise began beforehand, with a rally on the sidewalk outside where supporters waved signs reading: “America First” and “Florida for Trump.”
They were mostly greeted by honking horns of approval, but also a few passing drivers who shouted expletives.
Trump won 46 percent of the national popular vote in last year’s election, 2 percentage points behind Democrat Hillary Clinton, but prevailed in the Electoral College state-by-state tally needed to win the White House.
Nationally, his approval rating has sagged to a low level for a new president, around 44 percent, according to an average of recent polls by Real Clear Politics. Trump has been shaken by investigations into his campaign’s possible ties to Russia, his misstatements about his levels of support, and a federal court’s halt to his executive order temporarily banning entry into the country for people from seven Muslim-majority nations.
Clearwater, on the Gulf Coast, sits in Pinellas County in the heart of Florida, where the past four statewide elections have been decided by about 1 percentage point.
Trump, a part-time Floridian, flipped the results from the last two presidential elections in Pinellas County in his favor after former President Barack Obama, a Democrat, carried the county in 2008 and 2012.
The county has long been a retirement destination, especially among those leaving the Midwest. It is about 75 percent white, 11 percent black and 9 percent Latino, according to 2015 census data.
Speaking just before the address, Ron Sanders, 65, a Baptist pastor living in nearby Seminole, Florida, wanted to hear Trump tackle illegal immigration, which the president did. He also hoped Trump’s speech would help to bring in line moderate Republican senators who have been critical of some of his early efforts, which is not yet certain.
“He’s sticking to what he said. It’s not discouraging Trump at all,” said Sanders, wearing a cowboy hat colored like an American flag. “He’s going full guns ahead.”




ARTICLE
March 1, 2017
By Patricia Zengerle
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – President Donald Trump’s nominee to be the director of national intelligence pledged on Tuesday to support thorough investigation of any Russian efforts to influence the 2016 presidential election, seeking to reassure lawmakers worried that partisan politics might interfere with a probe.
“I think this is something that needs to be investigated and addressed,” former Republican Senator Dan Coats told the Senate Intelligence Committee during his confirmation hearing to be the top U.S. intelligence official.
Coats, 73, a former member of the intelligence panel, also promised that it would have full access to all of the documents and other materials needed for an investigation.
“I have no intention of holding anything back from this committee,” Coats said.
Trump denounced intelligence agencies for their assessment that Russia sought to influence the election on his behalf, prompting concerns about his support for them. Trump has also repeatedly praised Russian President Vladimir Putin, leading some in Washington worry that he might not take a hard enough line in dealings with Moscow.
In his opening statement, Coats addressed that concern by listing activity by Russia, along with that of China and North Korea, as among the main challenges faced by the United States.
“Russia’s assertiveness in global affairs is something I look upon with great concern, which we need to address with eyes wide open and a healthy degree of skepticism,” Coats said.
The Office of the Director of National Intelligence was created after the Sept. 11 attacks to oversee all 16 U.S. intelligence agencies and improve communications among them.
One concern about Coats was his record on the U.S. use after the 2001 attacks of so-called enhanced interrogation techniques, such as waterboarding, which are widely seen as torture. In 2015, he was one of the few lawmakers who opposed legislation sponsored by Republican Senator John McCain that made the use of such techniques illegal.
Coats promised that he would follow the law, saying he voted against that legislation because he wanted “to at least have a discussion” about the best way to proceed if intelligence agencies wanted to obtain crucial information quickly.
Coats also strongly defended U.S. government surveillance programs, though he said he would “do everything I can” to publicly disclose an estimate of the number of Americans caught in the crosshairs of internet surveillance programs intended to target foreigners.
But he stopped short of guaranteeing such a disclosure, which privacy advocates in Congress have requested for years and said is necessary to properly debate possible reforms to a surveillance law that expires at the end of 2017.
Although he was ambassador to Germany under President George W. Bush, Coats would be the first director of national intelligence who has not spent most of his career in the military, in intelligence agencies or as a diplomat.
Coats, who is popular with Democrats and his fellow Republicans, is expected to be easily confirmed.




ARTICLE
February 28, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Reform of Wall Street rules and consumer protects imposed after the 2008 financial crisis is likely this year, and much of the law could be undone through a number of ways, the Republican chairman of a key House of Representatives committee said.
“Dealing with Dodd Frank is a this-year priority. Clearly it comes behind Obamacare, clearly it comes behind tax reform,” House Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling said in a CNBC interview on Tuesday.




ARTICLE
February 28, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Reform of Wall Street rules and consumer protects imposed after the 2008 financial crisis is likely this year, and much of the law could be undone through a number of ways, the Republican chairman of a key House of Representatives committee said.
“Dealing with Dodd Frank is a this-year priority. Clearly it comes behind Obamacare, clearly it comes behind tax reform,” House Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling said in a CNBC interview on Tuesday.




ARTICLE
February 28, 2017
New York, NY – Claire Hardwick, OAN Political Correspondent
While President Trump has called for the Intelligence agencies to find who is leaking classified information to the media, former US Marine Bill Staniford said these leaks may have happened in order to fulfill a political narrative.
Bill Staniford is a former US Marine who worked directly under the NSA in Panama in 1992.
He said that the way the intelligence agencies are currently being used as a political football by the media and politicians is worrisome.
“My fear now is that everyone in the intelligence community has become politicized, and that is an incredibly dangerous environment. When you have these people thinking that they’re doing right by leaking information that doesn’t agree with their political perspective,  think we’ve gone a bridge too far. And that is something that is incredibly dangerous. I can’t state that enough. That is something that is incredibly dangerous to US Security,” Staniford said.
Staniford is hopeful President Trump will take action to find out who is responsible for these leaks, and help restore credibility to these agencies.



ARTICLE
February 28, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – President Donald Trump said he believes the extra $54 billion dollars he has proposed spending on the U.S. military will be offset by a stronger economy as well as cuts in other areas.
“I think the money is going to come from a revved up economy,” Trump said in a Fox News interview broadcast on Tuesday, hours before he was to address a joint session of Congress.
“I mean you look at the kind of numbers we’re doing, we were probably GDP of a little more than 1 percent and if I can get that up to 3 or maybe more, we have a whole different ball game.  It’s a whole different ball game.”




ARTICLE
February 28, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – White House budget chief Mick Mulvaney said on Monday he expects the Treasury secretary to use extraordinary cash management measures after the government’s current debt ceiling extension expires on March 15.
“The secretary of the Treasury actually makes the decision and I expect him to do what all previous secretaries of the Treasury have done, at least all the ones that I’m familiar with, to use those measures to extend that date,” Mulvaney said in an interview on Fox News.
“But we will deal with it,” he said, “certainly” before Congress recesses in August.
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said at his Senate confirmation hearing last month that he would like to see an increase in the debt ceiling “sooner rather than later” to avoid another standoff with Congress that could upset financial markets.
The United States is one of few nations in which the legislature must approve periodic increases in the legal limit on how much money the federal government can borrow. Rather than setting a specific dollar limit on the debt, Congress in 2015  simply suspended the ceiling until March 15, allowing normal borrowing to continue.
The debt ceiling will reset at the total debt level outstanding on that day, but Congress will need to approve a new debt ceiling or extension. As of Feb. 23, the federal debt stood at about $19.88 trillion, according to Treasury data.
But analysts estimate that Treasury can continue to borrow and avoid a payment default for several months past March 15 even with no action from Congress as it deploys its extraordinary cash management measures.
In the past, the Treasury has been able to stave off depletion of its cash reserves with steps such as temporarily halting investments in some pension funds for federal workers and suspending sales of certain securities to state and local governments.
Although such steps are known as “extraordinary measures,” they are routinely used by Treasury during debt ceiling debates.
In 2011, Standard & Poor’s downgraded the U.S. credit rating for the first time after a gridlocked Congress waited until the government was possibly within hours of defaulting on its debt to raise the ceiling.




ARTICLE
February 28, 2017
By Patricia Zengerle
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The head of a congressional committee investigating contacts between Donald Trump’s campaign and Russia said on Monday the panel had not seen evidence of inappropriate communications, prompting the panel’s top Democrat to insist it was too early to make such a determination.
Devin Nunes, Republican chairman of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, also said there was no need for a special prosecutor and dismissed a suggestion that Trump should release his tax returns to clear up allegations he has business ties to Russia.
“What are we going to appoint a special prosecutor to do, exactly?” he asked reporters.
Nunes, who was a member of Trump’s presidential transition team, said U.S. intelligence officials had not yet presented the committee with evidence of contacts between Trump campaign staff and Russian intelligence.
“It’s been looked into and there’s no evidence of anything there,” Nunes told a news conference, called after a weekend report by the Washington Post that the Trump administration asked him and Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr to call journalists to knock down reports about possible collusion.
The story fueled concerns about whether congressional committees led by Trump’s fellow Republicans would conduct a serious investigation of the politically charged allegations.
Nunes acknowledged that the White House had given him a reporter’s number, but said the administration had not asked him to knock down reports. He said his communications with news organizations was intended to promote transparency.
Underscoring the partisan divide, Representative Adam Schiff, the intelligence committee’s top Democrat, told his own news conference later on Monday that a non-partisan investigation would be most effective, insisting it was too early to comment on any evidence.
“When you begin an investigation, you don’t begin by stating what you believe to be the conclusion,” he said.

‘STONEWALLING’
House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi said Nunes’ remarks raised “serious questions about stonewalling.”
Potential contact between Trump’s presidential campaign and Russia, and possible Russian attempts to influence the 2016 election on Trump’s behalf, have prompted Democrats to demand a select committee or special prosecutor.
Most of Trump’s fellow Republicans in Congress have resisted such suggestions, prompting Democrats to contrast their approach with their multiple investigations of 2016 Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, including her use of a private email server.
Republican Representative Darrell Issa broke with the party line by calling for an independent review. “I want the Trump administration to be successful and that starts with embracing high standards for openness and transparency,” he said in a statement.
Schiff said he was not confident that James Comey, the director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, would provide investigators with all the information they would need.
Comey, a Republican, drew furious criticism from Democrats for saying just before the election that he was looking at emails related to Clinton’s use of a private server.
Nunes said he did not want U.S. citizens to be hauled before Congress because of news reports about their potential ties to Russia. “We can’t have McCarthyism back in this place,” he said, alluding to the notorious 1950s Senate hearings into Americans’ potential ties to Communism.




ARTICLE
February 27, 2017
By Caroline Humer and Yasmeen Abutaleb
NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) – President Donald Trump sought on Monday to bring the nation’s largest insurance companies on board with his plans to overhaul Obamacare, saying their help was needed to deliver a smooth transition to the Republicans’ new plan.
“We must work together to save Americans from Obamacare – you people know that and everyone knows that – to create more competition and to bring down prices substantially,” Trump told insurers at a meeting at the White House.
The gathering took place a day before Trump was to deliver a major policy speech to the U.S. Congress. In attendance at the meeting were insurers who participate in the Obamacare health insurance exchanges as well as some that have pulled most or all of their Obamacare individual insurance offerings.
The president needs insurers to participate in the individual insurance market to keep up competition and keep costs in check.
The speech to Congress is a chance for Trump to elaborate on his healthcare policy, one of his top domestic priorities. Trump and Republicans have vowed to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, former President Barack Obama’s signature piece of domestic policy, but have not released details yet.
Trump told the insurers that his changes would include expanded healthcare savings accounts, which are tax-free savings accounts typically used with high-deductible insurance plans, and the sale of health plans across state lines. He also said that he wanted states to have more flexibility but did not provide details.
Trump previously discussed these ideas on the campaign trail. It is unclear how they would be implemented, or what changes he might make to Medicaid expansion, another key component of the Obamacare law.
Trump told insurers, including UnitedHealth Group Inc, Anthem Inc and Aetna Inc, that he was directing Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price to work with them “to ensure a smooth transition to the new plan.”
The administration recently granted the insurers one of their biggest requests and proposed a rule that would tighten eligibility verification for subsidized plans and allow them to seek unpaid premiums.

GOVERNORS MEETING
Trump is also seeking support from the nation’s governors for changes. The Obamacare law, which extended health insurance to 20 million Americans, has been popular in many states, even those controlled by Republicans. But it has also been criticized for its steep premium increases.
At a meeting with Trump and governors on Sunday, Price said he expected to have a new healthcare plan in three to four weeks, to which Trump responded he hoped to see a plan in two weeks, said Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe.
Nevada Governor Brian Sandoval said many conversations during this weekend’s meeting of the National Governors Association centered on Medicaid, the massive government health insurance program for the poor, and how to ensure those who received coverage under the Medicaid expansion could maintain coverage.
Trump said on Monday that he wanted to win support from Democrats for the plan. McAuliffe, a Democrat, said it would be “disastrous” for Republicans to repeal Obamacare without a proper replacement.
“The political rhetoric of the campaign has hit the reality of governing,” he said.




ARTICLE
February 27, 2017
By Yeganeh Torbati
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The U.S. State Department on Monday issued and then deleted a congratulatory message for an Oscar win by a prominent Iranian director who criticized President Donald Trump’s travel ban as “inhumane.”
The State Department’s official Persian-language Twitter account, @USAdarFarsi, tweeted congratulations to the Iranian people and Asghar Farhadi, director of “The Salesman,” after the movie won an Oscar for best foreign-language film on Sunday, according to screenshots of the message circulated on Twitter.
Farhadi boycotted the Oscars ceremony to protest Trump’s January executive order that temporarily banned entry to the United States by Iranians and citizens of six other Muslim-majority countries, and issued a statement criticizing the order. The ban was blocked by federal courts, although the administration is working on a new order.
Farhadi chose two Iranian-Americans – a female engineer and a former NASA scientist – to represent him at the ceremony. Anousheh Ansari, an engineer who was the first female space tourist, read a statement on Farhadi’s behalf calling the travel ban “inhumane.”
“Dividing the world into the ‘us’ and ‘our enemies’ categories creates fear, a deceitful justification for aggression and war,” Ansari said, reading from Farhadi’s statement.
According to screenshots circulating on Twitter, the @USAdarFarsi account posted a message around 1 a.m. EST congratulating Farhadi on the award, which was Iran’s second Oscar victory. The tweet was then deleted, although it is unclear exactly when.
“A congratulatory tweet was posted,” a State Department spokeswoman said. “We later removed the post to avoid any misperception that the USG (U.S. government) endorsed the comments made in the acceptance speech.”
A second State Department official said the decision to delete the tweet was made within the department.
The @USAdarFarsi account, which launched in February 2011 and seeks to engage directly with Iranians, had previously tweeted messages about “The Salesman,” including on Jan. 24, when it noted its Academy Award nomination and sent best wishes to Farhadi.
That tweet, which is still online, was published days before Trump issued the travel ban that sparked Farhadi’s protest.
Farhadi also won an Oscar in 2012 in the same category for his film “A Separation.” In his acceptance speech that year, Farhadi referred to tensions at the time between Iran and the United States over Tehran’s nuclear program, and said the Iranian people “despise hostility and resentment.”




ARTICLE
February 27, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions told reporters on Monday that recent bomb threats made against Jewish groups are “unacceptable” and a “very serious and destructive practice.”
Several Jewish community centers and schools in at least 12 states received bomb threats on Monday, following the destruction of graves in a Jewish cemetery in Philadelphia last week.





ARTICLE
February 27, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The top Democrat in the U.S. Senate predicted on Monday that Republicans would fall short of their stated goal of repealing former Democratic President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law.
“The odds are very high we will keep ACA,” Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer told reporters at a news conference, referring to the Affordable Care Act, which is commonly known as Obamacare. “It will not be repealed.”




ARTICLE
February 25, 2017
By Mike Stone and Andy Sullivan
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump announced on Saturday that he would not attend the annual White House Correspondents’ Association dinner, a high-profile event that draws celebrities, politicians and journalists.
“I will not be attending the White House Correspondents’ Association Dinner this year. Please wish everyone well and have a great evening!”, Trump wrote on Twitter.
On the campaign trail and in the White House, Trump has had a strained relationship with the press, calling journalists “the enemy of the people” and frequently criticizing outlets and individual reporters whose coverage he does not like.
The reporters’ group said it would go ahead with its April 29 dinner despite Trump’s absence. The Washington event typically draws movie stars, politicians and business leaders to hear a humorous speech by the sitting president.
The dinner “has been and will continue to be a celebration of the First Amendment and the important role played by an independent news media in a healthy republic,” said Jeff Mason, a Reuters White House correspondent who heads the association this year.
Ronald Reagan was the last president to sit out the event after he was shot in 1981.
Some news outlets such as Bloomberg News and the New Yorker have said they will not host the lavish after-parties that have been a fixture of past events.
On Friday, the White House excluded several major U.S. news organizations, including some it has criticized, from an off-camera briefing held by the White House press secretary.
Reporters for CNN, The New York Times, Politico, The Los Angeles Times and BuzzFeed were not allowed into the session in the office of press secretary Sean Spicer, a decision that drew strong protests.
The event occasionally makes news: in 2011, President Barack Obama delivered a scathing evisceration of Trump, joking that the mogul, who sat stone-faced in the audience, would move on from questioning Obama’s citizenship to figuring out “did we fake the moon landing.”
Critics say the event encourages journalists to cozy up to politicians they should cover aggressively.




ARTICLE
February 25, 2017
By Emily Stephenson and Steve Holland
NATIONAL HARBOR, Md./WASHINGTON (Reuters) – President Donald Trump said he would make a massive budget request for one of the “greatest military buildups in American history” on Friday in a feisty, campaign-style speech extolling robust nationalism to eager conservative activists.
Trump used remarks to the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC), an organization that gave him one of his first platforms in his improbable journey to the U.S. presidency, to defend his unabashed “America first” policies.
Ahead of a nationally televised speech to Congress on Tuesday, Trump outlined plans for strengthening the U.S. military, already the world’s most powerful fighting force, and other initiatives such as tax reform and regulatory rollback.
He offered few specifics on any initiatives, including the budget request that is likely to face a harsh reality on Capitol Hill: At a time when he wants to slash taxes for Americans, funding a major military buildup without spending cuts elsewhere would add substantially to the U.S. budget deficit.
Trump said he would aim to upgrade the military in both offensive and defensive capabilities, with a massive spending request to Congress that would make the country’s defense “bigger and better and stronger than ever before.”
“And, hopefully, we’ll never have to use it, but nobody is going to mess with us. Nobody. It will be one of the greatest military buildups in American history,” Trump said.
Appealing to people on welfare to go to work and pledging to follow through on his vow to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexican border, Trump drew rounds of applause from the large gathering of conservatives, many of them wearing hats emblazoned with the president’s campaign slogan, “Make America Great Again.”
His speech was heavy on the nationalist overtones from his campaign last year, focusing on promises to boost U.S. economic growth by retooling international trade deals, cracking down on immigration and boosting energy production.

ROCKY FIRST MONTH
Trump is looking to put behind him a rocky first month in office. An executive order he signed aimed at banning U.S. entry by people from seven Muslim-majority countries became embroiled in the courts and he had to fire his national security adviser, Michael Flynn, for Russian contacts before Trump took office.
With the federal budget still running a large deficit, Trump will have to fight to get higher military spending through Congress. In his speech, he complained about spending caps put in place on the defense budget dating back to 2011.
White House spokesman Sean Spicer said Trump’s proposed budget for this year “will be very clear” on how to fund the military spending increase.
Trump also heaped criticism on what he called purveyors of “fake news,” seeking to clarify a recent tweet in which he said some in the U.S. news media should be considered an “enemy of the people.”
He said his main beef was the media’s use of anonymous sources. “They shouldn’t be allowed to use sources unless they use somebody’s name. Let their name be out there,” Trump said.
His comments came on the same day CNN reported that White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus asked FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe to deny a Feb. 14 report in the New York Times that said Trump’s presidential campaign advisers had been in frequent contact with Russian intelligence officers. The request came after McCabe told him privately the report was wrong.
A senior administration official said on Friday that FBI Director James Comey told Priebus later that the story was not accurate. Priebus asked if the Federal Bureau of Investigation could set the record straight, but Comey said the bureau could not comment, the official said.
Trump has repeatedly chosen to make news media criticism a focus of his public remarks since taking office on Jan. 20.
The speech allowed Trump to put his stamp firmly on the conservative political movement, even as some activists fretted that his immigration and trade policies go too far.
With Trump in the White House and Republicans holding majorities in both houses of Congress, CPAC and the thousands of conservative activists who flock to the event each year from across the country are seeing their political influence rising.




ARTICLE
February 25, 2017
By David Shepardson
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump is expected to sign a measure as early as Tuesday aimed at rescinding a major Obama administration water regulation and direct an end to the government’s defense of the rule, a Trump official briefed on the plan said late Friday.
Trump is expected to direct the Environmental Protection Agency to withdraw the Waters of the United States (WOTUS) rule, which expands the number of waterways that are federally protected under the Clean Water Act.
The rule was finalized by the EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in May 2015, and was blocked by a federal appeals court pending further court challenges.
The rule has faced intense opposition from Republicans in Congress, farmers and energy companies.
Critics contend the rule vastly expands the federal government’s authority and could apply to ditches and small isolated bodies of water. The EPA under President Barack Obama said the rule protects waters that are next to rivers and lakes and their tributaries “because science shows that they impact downstream waters.”
A White House spokeswoman did not comment on Friday.
Trump is also expected to issue other environmental executive orders as early as next week, including a reversal of the Obama administration’s clean power plant rule and instructing the Interior Department’s Bureau of Land Management to lift a ban on new coal mining leases on federal lands.
EPA administrator Scott Pruitt told The Wall Street Journal last week that he planned to quickly withdraw the clean power plant and WOTUS rules. “There’s a very simple reason why this needs to happen: Because the courts have seriously called into question the legality of those rules,” Pruitt told the newspaper.
Withdrawing the water and power plant rules will take time to meet regulatory requirements and will likely face court challenges from some Democratic state attorneys general and environmental groups.
Last month, the U.S. Supreme Court agreed to resolve a dispute over what court should handle challenges of the water regulation.
The justices said they would hear an appeal by the National Association of Manufacturers of a Cincinnati-based federal appeals court’s ruling that gave itself jurisdiction to review challenges to the Clean Water Act regulation. The industry group wants challenges to the rule to be heard in district courts.
Dozens of agricultural groups, states and municipalities had sued to block the rule. The challengers contend the agencies’ change improperly expanded federal regulatory power.




ARTICLE
February 24, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The U.S. Customs and Border Protection agency said on Friday it will accept proposals next month for the design of a wall to be built near the U.S.-Mexican frontier, a first step in picking vendors for President Donald Trump’s proposed border wall.
In a document on the federal government’s website for business opportunities, the CPB said it would release a request on or about March 6 asking companies for prototype ideas for a wall to be built near the U.S.-Mexican border.
After reviewing the ideas submitted by vendors, the agency will evaluate and select the best designs by March 20, then issue a request for proposals by March 24 in which vendors would be asked to price out the cost of building the proposed wall.
The document says multiple awards for the barrier are expected by mid-April as part of the process, an aggressive schedule for a government construction project.
“It’s going to start soon. Way ahead of schedule, way ahead of schedule,” Trump told the Conservative Political Action Conference on Friday.
A spokesman for U.S. Customs and Border Protection, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the solicitation published on Friday had “everything to do” with the wall that Trump has proposed.
The spokesman said the initial request for information was to give industry the opportunity to tell the Department of Homeland Security, which oversees CBP, what is possible in constructing a border wall.
“Once we get feedback from the vendors, we’ll look at the ones that are most feasible,” the spokesman said. That would be followed by the request for proposals to firm up exactly how much constructing the wall would cost.
A U.S. Department of Homeland Security internal report seen by Reuters this month indicated the border wall would be a series of fences and walls that would cost as much as $21.6 billion to build and take more than three years to complete.
The report’s estimated price tag is much higher than a $12 billion figure cited by Trump in his campaign and estimates as high as $15 billion from Republican House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell.
The plan laid out what it would take to seal the border in three phases of construction of fences and walls covering just over 1,250 miles (2,000 km) by the end of 2020. With 654 miles (1,046 km) of the border already fortified, the new construction would extend almost the length of the entire border.




ARTICLE
February 24, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The U.S. Customs and Border Protection agency said on Friday it will accept proposals next month for the design of a wall to be built near the U.S.-Mexican frontier, a first step in picking vendors for President Donald Trump’s proposed border wall.
In a document on the federal government’s website for business opportunities, the CPB said it would release a request on or about March 6 asking companies for prototype ideas for a wall to be built near the U.S.-Mexican border.
After reviewing the ideas submitted by vendors, the agency will evaluate and select the best designs by March 20, then issue a request for proposals by March 24 in which vendors would be asked to price out the cost of building the proposed wall.
The document says multiple awards for the barrier are expected by mid-April as part of the process, an aggressive schedule for a government construction project.
“It’s going to start soon. Way ahead of schedule, way ahead of schedule,” Trump told the Conservative Political Action Conference on Friday.
A spokesman for U.S. Customs and Border Protection, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the solicitation published on Friday had “everything to do” with the wall that Trump has proposed.
The spokesman said the initial request for information was to give industry the opportunity to tell the Department of Homeland Security, which oversees CBP, what is possible in constructing a border wall.
“Once we get feedback from the vendors, we’ll look at the ones that are most feasible,” the spokesman said. That would be followed by the request for proposals to firm up exactly how much constructing the wall would cost.
A U.S. Department of Homeland Security internal report seen by Reuters this month indicated the border wall would be a series of fences and walls that would cost as much as $21.6 billion to build and take more than three years to complete.
The report’s estimated price tag is much higher than a $12 billion figure cited by Trump in his campaign and estimates as high as $15 billion from Republican House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell.
The plan laid out what it would take to seal the border in three phases of construction of fences and walls covering just over 1,250 miles (2,000 km) by the end of 2020. With 654 miles (1,046 km) of the border already fortified, the new construction would extend almost the length of the entire border.




ARTICLE
February 24, 2017
By Arshad Mohammed
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The longest-serving U.S. diplomat warned against isolationism, protectionism and Russian aggression on Friday in a retirement speech implicitly criticizing some of U.S. President Donald Trump’s policies even as he urged officials to serve the White House loyally.
Ambassador Dan Fried argued that since becoming a world power over a century ago, the United States had largely pursued an open, rules-based world, rejected “spheres of influence” where great powers bully their neighbors and contributed to “the longest period of general peace in the West since Roman times.”
“This track record suggests that an open, rules-based world, with a united West at its core, is an asset and great achievement, and a foundation for more,” the former assistant secretary of state for European and Eurasian affairs said as he wrapped up a nearly 40-year career at the U.S. State Department.
“Yet, some argue that this is actually a liability, that values are a luxury, that in a Hobbesian or Darwinian world we should simply take our share, the largest possible,” he added.
The comment was an implicit rebuke to the “America First” approach in which Trump has pledged to end what he sees as decades of other nations freeloading on U.S. security and exploiting trade agreements harmful to U.S. workers.
In his speech, Fried noted “how improbable victory in the Cold War appeared” in the 1980s and he hailed the freeing of swathes of Europe, including Poland, where he served as U.S. ambassador, from Soviet domination.
“This great achievement is now under assault by Russia,” he said. “It is for the present generation to defend and, when the time comes again, extend freedom in Europe.”
While Fried is a skeptic of Russian intentions, colleagues described him as a pragmatist who led efforts to work with Russia as a White House aide under Bill Clinton after the fall of the Berlin Wall and later when serving George W. Bush.
He is the latest member of a generation of experienced hands who have left U.S. diplomatic ranks in recent months. Some, like Fried, have retired voluntarily, while others Trump chose not to retain.
Many current and former U.S. officials are troubled by Trump’s openness to closer ties with Russia, fearing this could lead to acquiescence in its annexation of Crimea from Ukraine and, more broadly, in Russian domination of its other neighbors.
Free trade advocates are also worried by Trump’s decision to abandon the 12-nation Trans Pacific Partnership trade deal, his desire to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement and his suggestion he could impose punitive tariffs.
Fried argued against a winner-take-all attitude in which the great powers each try to carve up the world to their advantage.
“Spheres of influence … would mean our acquiescence when great powers – starting with Russia and China – dominated their neighbors through force and fear, while creating closed economic empires,” he said.  “America would essentially retreat from whole areas of East Asia, Central Asia, and Eastern Europe.”
In what appeared another implicit criticism of the current  administration, whose efforts to clamp down on immigration from seven Muslim-majority nations and on refugee admissions have been stymied by the courts, Fried said:  “We are not an ethno-state, with identity rooted in shared blood.”
The retiring diplomat also urged current officials to serve Trump and new Secretary of State Rex Tillerson “with loyalty, dedication and courage.”
“Help Secretary Tillerson. He deserves it. And he needs it. And help the president as well, putting your backs into it.”
Among those who spoke at the event were former Deputy Secretary of State Tony Blinken, who took a dig at how long it has taken Trump to fill State Department jobs, including his own.
“When Secretary (of State John) Kerry used to say to me as deputy, ‘you are truly irreplaceable,’ I thought it was just flattery,” Blinken said. “Who knew?” he added, to loud laughter.




ARTICLE
February 24, 2017
LIMA (Reuters) – The first Latin American leader to visit U.S. President Donald Trump at the White House said on Friday that he told Trump he prefers bridges to walls and favors the free movement of people across borders.
However, Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski declined to comment specifically on Trump’s proposal to build a wall along the U.S.-Mexican border to curb illegal immigration and drug trafficking in a press conference following the meeting.
“I don’t want to get into the wall,” Kuczynski, a former Wall Street investment banker said in a video distributed by his office. “We’re interested in the free movement of people … I emphasized that to President Trump and we prefer bridges to walls.”
Kuczynski has previously likened Trump’s wall proposal to the Berlin Wall and once joked that he would cut off ties with the United States if Trump were elected president.
Kuczynski later congratulated Trump on his surprise electoral victory and described their talk on Friday as “cordial and constructive.”
Trump called Peru, a country of 30 million in South America, “a fantastic neighbor” and said it was an honor to have Kuczynski in the White House, according to video showing the two posing for pictures after the meeting.
Kuczynski said the two leaders only briefly discussed Peru’s fugitive former President Alejandro Toledo, whom Peru had asked Trump to deport from the United States under a provision of migratory law that allows for deportations to preserve diplomatic ties.
“This is a matter of the judiciary that was not discussed for more than a few seconds,” Kuczynski said of Toledo.
Up until a week ago, Kuczynski’s centrist government had seen deporting Toledo as a better alternative to a potentially lengthy process of Peru’s judiciary seeking his arrest and eventual extradition.
Toledo is wanted in connection with a far-reaching graft probe and has denied prosecutors’ allegations that he took $20 million in bribes from Brazilian builder Odebrecht SA.
In discussing migration, Kuczynski said he emphasized to Trump that only 70 Peruvians out of 1 million living in the United States are in jail, 200,000 of whom are there illegally.
“Peru has not exported criminals to the United States,” Kuczynski said. “They’re nurses, they’re doctors, they’re all sorts of people.”




ARTICLE
February 24, 2017
By David Shepardson and Steve Holland
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – President Donald Trump signed an executive order on Friday to place “regulatory reform” task forces and officers within federal agencies in what may be the most far reaching effort to pare back U.S. red tape in recent decades.
Trump signed the directive in the Oval Office with chief executives of major U.S. corporations standing behind him including Dow Chemical Co <DOW.N>, Lockheed Martin Corp <LMT.N> and U.S. Steel Corp <X.N>.
The sweeping order directs every federal agency to establish a task force to ensure each has a team to research all regulations and take aim at those deemed burdensome to the U.S. economy and designate regulatory reform officers within 60 days and must report on the progress within 90 days.
“Excessive regulation is killing jobs, driving companies out of our country like never before,” Trump said before signing the order. “Every regulation should have to pass a simple test; does it make life better or safer for American workers or consumers?”
The effort is part of a Republican push to undo many of the actions of former President Barack Obama, who left office last month after two four-year terms.
In 1981, President Ronald Reagan created a presidential task force on regulatory relief but that effort did not establish task forces at the cabinet level. Other presidents including Bill Clinton and George W. Bush, carried out attempts to reduce or streamline government regulations.
Trump’s order requires agencies to “measure and report progress in achieving the president’s directives.” Each task force will make recommendations on which regulations to repeal or simplify, Trump said.
The order says agencies should seek to repeal regulations that “inhibit job creation,” are “ineffective,” impose costs that exceed benefits or “create a serious inconsistency or otherwise interfere with regulatory initiatives and policies.”
Trump on Friday said the United States does not need “75 percent of the repetitive, horrible regulations that hurt companies, hurt jobs.”
The Republican has vowed a sweeping cut in U.S. regulations and previously ordered agencies to repeal two rules for every new one adopted.
Trump’s chief strategist Steve Bannon told a gathering of conservatives on Thursday that deregulation, which he called “the deconstruction of the administrative state,” was a top priority for the administration.
Scott Slesinger, legislative director at the Natural Resources Defense Council environmental group, said “this order is a directive to kill the safeguards Americans depend on for clean air, drinkable water and safe food.”

OBAMA REGULATIONS
The Trump administration says executive orders from the previous government cost hundreds of billions of dollars. The Obama administration said the benefits of those regulations to the public far outweighed the costs.
The White House said the Obama administration finalized more than 3,000 regulations. Many of those were required by Congress.
Robert Verchick, president of the Center for Progressive Reform, a think tank, criticized Trump’s new order as “clearly aimed at embedding his overtly political, anti-protections agenda at federal agencies that are supposed to be using science and expertise to safeguard us all.”
U.S. Chamber of Commerce senior vice president Neil Bradley praised the Trump administration for “tackling the regulatory state head on…. We look forward to working with the federal agencies to help identify rules that harm the economy and threaten jobs.”
The order Trump signed in January sets an annual cap on the cost of new regulations but does not apply to most financial reform rules introduced by the Obama administration.
The Trump administration also ordered a freeze on regulations pending review and has stopped some regulations from taking effect.




ARTICLE
February 24, 2017
By Caroline Humer
NEW YORK (Reuters) – The Blue Cross Blue Shield Association, which represents insurers in every state, Cigna Corp and Humana Inc said on Friday they would attend a meeting between the health insurance industry and President Donald Trump on Monday.
Cigna’s chief executive officer, David Cordani, and Humana CEO Bruce Broussard will attend, spokesmen for both companies said.
Bloomberg reported earlier on Friday that top executives from U.S. health insurers would attend a meeting, based on unnamed sources. The White House has not confirmed the Bloomberg report.
Trump has pledged to repeal and replace Obamacare, former President Barack Obama’s national healthcare law that redesigned the U.S. insurance market for individuals. It is not clear yet what Republicans will agree upon to replace the current insurance. Insurers say any new plans are not likely to hit the market before 2019.
Insurers have also asked for changes to the individual insurance market that would go into effect for 2018 to make the market more attractive to the industry, where some plans have lost hundreds of millions of dollars because member costs were higher than they expected.
The Trump administration proposed a rule last week to address some insurer concerns, but insurers would also like to see the elimination of an industry-wide tax on health insurance premiums – though the tax is on hiatus this year –  and a promise that the government will continue to provide cost-sharing subsidies to certain individual insurance members.
Since taking office on Jan. 20, Trump has held a series of White House meetings with executives from different sectors including those from manufacturing companies, pharmaceutical makers, technology businesses and car makers.




ARTICLE
February 24, 2017
By Steve Holland
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Ohio Governor John Kasich worked to repair his strained ties with Republican President Donald Trump on Friday with a visit to the White House, where he compared his situation to being on an airplane and rooting for the pilot to succeed.
Kasich was the last rival to oppose Trump in the Republican presidential nomination fight and famously refused to attend the Republican National Convention in Cleveland, in his home state, last summer when Trump officially became the party’s nominee.
At the White House, Trump brought Kasich into the Oval Office for a half-hour meeting. They discussed Kasich’s ideas for overhauling President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law, a pressing priority for Trump and the U.S. Congress.
Asked if he had buried the hatchet with Trump, Kasich told reporters after the meeting that he wanted Trump to succeed and would agree with him on some occasions and would speak out when he does not.
“The man is the president of the United States. It’s sort of like being on an airplane. You want to root for the pilot. If you’re on the airplane with the pilot, you don’t want the pilot to screw up,” Kasich said.
Kasich said he stressed with Trump the importance of his administration speaking with one voice, saying he had attended the Munich Security Conference in Germany recently and heard concerns about Trump’s policies despite reassurances given by Vice President Mike Pence.




ARTICLE
February 24, 2017
By Nick Brown
Rossello, who took office on Jan. 2, met with Mnuchin to discuss his efforts to “put Puerto Rico’s financial house in order,” a statement from the governor’s office said.
Rossello has signed more than 20 bills and executive orders aimed at cutting spending and fostering economic growth, but Puerto Rico faces a long haul out of an economic crisis characterized by a 45 percent poverty rate, near-insolvent public pensions and healthcare systems, and almost $70 billion in debt.
Under former President Barack Obama, the Treasury took a hands-on approach in Puerto Rico, working with federal lawmakers on legislation aimed at giving the U.S. territory a way to cut debt. President Donald Trump has given little indication of how his administration may handle Puerto Rico.
The island’s finances are under the supervision of a federally appointed board. Rossello on Tuesday is scheduled to present the board with a 10-year blueprint for the island’s fiscal turnaround.
The board has said the plan should find $4.5 billion a year in savings and revenue, including a 10 percent reduction in pension benefits and $1 billion in annual savings on healthcare spending.
In an interview with Reuters on Thursday, Rossello said his plan will generally meet the board’s criteria, with some exceptions, particularly on healthcare spending.
“A $1 billion reduction in healthcare would not only severely hamper the people of Puerto Rico, it would also cripple what is a healthy industry, the healthcare industry,” Rossello said.
Puerto Rico’s Medicare system is on the brink of insolvency, in part because, as a U.S. territory, it receives proportionately less federal reimbursement than states.
Rossello has said he will lobby the federal government to increase such funding, but the board has said the turnaround plan should not assume any funding changes or help from Washington.




ARTICLE
February 24, 2017
By Alastair Macdonald
BRUSSELS (Reuters) – When Donald Trump called the European Union “wonderful” and said he was “totally in favor of it”, some Brussels officials feared the headline was a hoax, given the U.S. president’s earlier apparent disdain for the bloc.
Trump’s remarks in an interview with Reuters late on Thursday appeared to contrast sharply with comments he made last month when he labeled the EU a “vehicle for Germany”, called Brexit a “great thing” and said more countries would follow Britain out of the bloc.
European diplomats were quick to credit Vice President Mike Pence with persuading his boss of the Union’s merits after himself being convinced by top EU officials he met in Brussels at the start of the week.
Officials said it was unclear, however, if Trump’s policies would match the pro-EU language which Pence used on Monday or that of White House strategist Steve Bannon, whose scepticism about the bloc had been reflected in Trump’s earlier comments.
As Pence was preparing to fly to Europe to reassure allies that Trump backed the NATO defense pact and wanted cooperation, Bannon told Germany’s ambassador last week that Washington would deal with individual states, but not the EU.
In the Reuters interview, Trump delivered a conciliatory message. When asked if he supported the European Union as a governing body for the continent, he said: “I do, sure … The EU, I’m totally in favor of it. I think it’s wonderful, if they’re happy. If they’re happy, I’m in favor of it.”
“Pence 1, Bannon 0 – at the end of the first quarter,” one senior EU official said. “These statements clearly, explicitly, go against what Bannon has been saying,” said another.
“We are starting to see traces of pragmatism in Washington,” a third senior EU foreign policy official said.
A senior diplomat spoke of the Union now seeing “some return on the investment” in laying out its concerns to Pence over the risk of reversing decades of active U.S. encouragement for Europe to pool its sovereignty and resources. But the question remained: “Will Trump be saying the same thing tomorrow?”
Asked about Trump’s new remarks, a Commission spokesman said only that the EU executive read them “with interest”.

MESSAGE DELIVERED
On Monday, EU officials said they were reassured that Pence had understood a strong message from European Council President Donald Tusk and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker, in separate meetings, that the EU as a bloc was good for the United States.
“Pence clearly understood something in the meeting,” one EU official said of talks with Tusk, a former Polish prime minister who said that he spoke with unusual directness in the talks.
At a news conference, Pence repeatedly name-checked the “Union” as a partner, in contrast to earlier statements on his European visit that focused only on U.S. cooperation with “Europe”.
Tusk, jailed during Soviet-backed military rule in Poland, seized on Pence bringing up his own youthful travels to divided Cold War Berlin to remind him at the news conference of commitments made by an earlier Republican president, Ronald Reagan.
“I think Pence was surprised by the strength of Tusk’s questions and anxiety,” an EU official said of the earlier meeting between the two men. “He said he would take the message back to Trump. It sounds like Trump listened.”




ARTICLE
February 24, 2017
By Ian Simpson
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – President Donald Trump’s campaign promise for a $1 trillion infrastructure program will be in focus when U.S. governors gather on Friday in Washington, D.C., with some states making wish lists of projects ranging from a bullet train to statewide broadband internet service.
The winter meeting of the National Governors Association running through Monday is expected to showcase rare bipartisan agreement on the need for more federal help in upgrading roads, bridges and airports, said Scott Pattison, the group’s executive director.
“There’s just this pent-up demand to deal with, whether it’s a crack in a dam, a bridge, whatever it is,” Pattison said in a telephone interview.
Although there is little movement on Capitol Hill to make Trump’s infrastructure vow a reality, governors have sent the White House a list of 428 projects they say are ready to go with some extra federal spending.
The National Governors Association has not released the list but checks with some states hinted at the projects.
Democratic California Governor Jerry Brown has asked for $120 billion, saying that since the state made up 12 percent of the U.S. economy it deserves 12 percent of Trump’s $1 trillion package.
“We’re not talking about a few million, we’re talking about tens of billions,” Brown said of the infrastructure proposal this month as he sought federal aid to deal with a leaking dam and flooding.
Among California’s big-ticket items is construction of a high-speed rail system linking San Francisco and Los Angeles.
Colorado and Minnesota want help building statewide broadband systems, with Minnesota Governor Mark Dayton, a Democrat, saying his state needs $150 million for its broadband grid.
Republican Kansas Governor Sam Brownback’s top priority is $122 million for interstate highway repairs. South Carolina and Virginia want federal aid to deepen ports, among other projects.
In a letter to Trump, Republican Governor Henry McMaster said South Carolina also needed help replacing roads and bridges. “An appropriation of $5 billion from your infrastructure plan will help us bridge this economic gap,” he wrote.
Pattison said governors wanted a “toolbox” of financing options, including municipal bonds, cash, public-private partnerships and federal matching funds.
The governors are scheduled to meet with Trump on Sunday evening and again on Monday morning.
One of the speakers at the governors’ conference, Leo Hindery, a managing partner at New York’s InterMedia Partners, will tell state executives that creating a federal infrastructure bank is the only way to fund the hundreds of billions of dollars needed for public works.
The United States has long been criticized for its lagging public works spending. The American Society of Civil Engineers has graded U.S. infrastructure at D+ and estimated the country needs to invest $3.6 trillion by 2020.
During his campaign, Trump said he wanted action on infrastructure in his first 100 days as president. That now seems unlikely. He also talked about creating a tax credit to encourage private sector investment.
Trump’s plans to create an infrastructure council have yet to get started. Republican lawmakers have said they expect to get White House infrastructure proposals but have given no details or timing.




ARTICLE
February 24, 2017
By Sarah N. Lynch
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The top Republican at the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, known for his critical views on corporate penalties, expressed some support on Friday for imposing them in cases in which companies violate foreign bribery laws.
“I am generally comfortable with assessing civil monetary penalties in Foreign Corrupt Practices Act cases,” Acting SEC Chairman Michael Piwowar said in remarks at the Practising Law Institute’s “SEC Speaks” conference.
“According to academic literature, there is evidence that
when such violations are revealed to the market, the stock price does not always fall, and may even increase,” he added.
Piwowar’s comments come at a time when many on Wall Street have been questioning whether the Justice Department and the SEC will ease enforcement of the FCPA.
Prior to being elected, President Donald Trump expressed concern about the FCPA, calling it a “horrible law” that should be changed.
In addition, Trump’s pick to lead the SEC, attorney Jay Clayton, previously chaired a committee at the New York City Bar Association which drafted a paper that was somewhat critical of how the law was being enforced. Clayton is still awaiting U.S. Senate confirmation.
Piwowar’s comments suggest there is likely to be some support among SEC commissioners to continue pursuing foreign bribery cases, given the impact FCPA disclosures have on share prices.
Piwowar is well known for being critical about how the SEC decides when to assess corporate penalties generally, amid concerns that sizeable fines against public companies may in some cases unduly punish ordinary shareholders who are already victims of the alleged wrongdoing.
He previously voted against imposing penalties against JPMorgan Chase & Co over its “London Whale” trades.
The SEC did not win authority from Congress to seek penalties until 1990, and even then, the agency was slow to embrace the practice until after the major accounting scandals at companies like Enron and Worldcom.
But in 2006, then-SEC Chair Chris Cox shifted gears amid concerns from some SEC officials about corporate penalties and issued guidance that spells out factors the commission should consider when determining whether to levy them.
Piwowar said on Friday he closely follows those guidelines.
“It is entirely appropriate to discipline and
punish corporate malefactors who violate our laws,”  he said.
But the SEC must “remember the innocent investors” who are also victims, he added.




ARTICLE
February 24, 2017
By Manoj Kumar and Rajesh Kumar Singh
NEW DELHI (Reuters) – India has stepped up its lobbying effort against moves in the U. S. Congress to impose curbs on visas for skilled workers that threaten the South Asian nation’s tech sector, which employs more than 3.5 million people.
Speaking to Reuters, Trade Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said New Delhi had reached out to the administration of President Donald Trump to stress the importance of India’s $150-billion IT services industry to U.S. citizens.
“India’s investments in the United States have provided jobs to U.S. citizens,” she said in an interview. “That has to be brought to the notice of the U.S. administration.”
The comments come days after Prime Minister Narendra Modi urged Washington to keep an open mind on admitting skilled Indian workers.
Indian software companies such as Tata Consultancy Services, Infosys Ltd and Wipro Ltd shot to prominence in the 1990s by helping Western firms stamp out the “Y2K” bug.
Trump’s “America First” rhetoric on jobs, however, has put their biggest market under threat.
A bill was introduced in the U.S. Congress last month to more than double the minimum salary of H-1B visa holders, which could significantly boost costs for IT companies, whose margins are already being squeezed.
New Delhi has backed a move by NASSCOM, India’s high-tech industry association, to lobby U.S. lawmakers and companies to urge the administration not to crack down on allowing its skilled workers into the United States.
A NASSCOM delegation is now in the United States to make its case to officials on Capitol Hill and in the White House.
“We will have to engage with the new administration,” Sitharaman said. “Our engagement at every level is intact and continuing.”
The United States is India’s biggest trading partner, but trade in goods between the two countries has been stagnant, at around $67 billion, for the last three years. Indian software exports to the U.S. rose more than 10 percent, to $37 billion, in the last fiscal year from a year earlier.
Indian nationals are by far the largest group of recipients of the 65,000 H-1B visas issued annually to new applicants under a cap mandated by Congress. More than 60 percent of the U.S. employees of Infosys hold H-1B visas.
A global pact on services trade would go a long way towards settling disputes over professional visas, Sitharaman said.
“If only there is a framework…you will know how movement can happen and how certain restrictions can or cannot come,” she said. “It’s time for countries to sit together and look at it.”




ARTICLE
February 24, 2017
New York, NY – Claire Hardwick, OAN Political Correspondent
While there is speculation on whether President Trump will lift sanctions against Russia, a businessman living in Russia said that if you look at the history, the sanctions should not have been applied in the first place.
Alvaro de Marichalar said that there is no basis for US sanctions against Russia.
Because contrary to what many media outlets portray, Crimea has always been a part of Russia
And when the Soviet Union collapsed, Crimea should have once again become part of Russia.
Marichalar said there is also a misconception pushed about the government in Russia.
“They are not communist anymore, there is nobody less communist than the Russian people The political part of the communist people has maybe 6 percent. So they really want to be free, they want to build up an economy market, a capitalistic economy. They are very concentrated on building up a middle class,” Marichalar said.
Marichalar said there is no reason for there to be a bad relationship between the United States and Russia, and says the two countries would benefit if they work together.



ARTICLE
February 23, 2017
By Rory Carroll
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) – Democratic state senators in California on Thursday unveiled a series of bills designed to freeze in place Obama administration-era environmental regulations in the event the Trump administration moves to weaken them.
The bills, collectively known as the “Preserve California” package, aim to make existing federal clean air, water, and endangered species laws enforceable under state law and protect federal lands in the state from being sold to oil companies.
“The goals and objectives of these measures… is to do everything within our power to make sure the federal government doesn’t encroach on our far-reaching progressive policies,” California Senate Leader Kevin de Leon said during a press conference in Sacramento on Thursday.
The Trump administration did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the bills.
If the bills become law, they could set the stage for legal battles between the left-leaning state and the conservative Trump administration, which have already clashed over President Donald Trump’s policies on immigration.
After the presidential election, California Democrats hired former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder, who served in the Obama administration, to help in any legal battles with the Trump administration.
De Leon said that while the state is not looking to go to court against the administration over the proposed policies, it will deploy Holder as needed.
“The less that we use Eric Holder, the better,” de Leon said. “The more we use Eric Holder, that means bad things are happening towards California.”
One of the bills released on Thursday is designed to prevent federal lands in the state from being opened up to development and would give the state the right to halt the sales of federal land.
“There are prominent members of Congress and prominent members of the Trump administration who are on the record supporting a large-scale sell off of our federal lands,” said Senator Ben Allen, the bill’s author.
“Either opening them up to mineral and oil and gas exploitation or direct sales to corporations who want to use those lands for commercial gain,” he said.
Another bill would shield whistleblowers in federal agencies who are also licensed to practice in California from losing their professional certification under state law.
It would also direct state environmental and public health agencies to protect any data under state law, even if parties in Washington D.C. order their censorship or destruction, according to Senator Hannah-Beth Jackson, the bill’s author.




ARTICLE
February 23, 2017
Washington, D.C. – Trey Yingst, OAN Chief White House Correspondent
President Trump invited 24 manufacturing CEOs to the White House on Thursday to discuss jobs and regulations.
The meeting was broken into four separate groups and allowed the President to talk in a more intimate environment.
Although no policy was announced following the gathering, CEOs leaving the White House sounded confident that President Trump would help to create more jobs in the United States.
Many who gathered in front of the press called the meeting “productive” and “job focused.”
“We’re going to find out how we bring more jobs back,” President Trump said.
The group of two dozen executives is expected to return to the White House later this year to update the president on their progress in creating jobs.



ARTICLE
February 22, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Emails released by the Oklahoma attorney general’s office show a cozy relationship between energy companies and Scott Pruitt, who was the state’s top prosecutor before being sworn in last week as the new chief U.S. environmental regulator, a media watchdog group said on Wednesday.
The Center for Media and Democracy has sought the release of emails between energy companies and Pruitt for the past two years, saying they show energy companies drafted language that Pruitt’s attorney general office then used in suing the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, the office he now heads, over regulations on energy operations.
The center had sued Pruitt on Feb. 7, ahead of the Senate vote to confirm his nomination by President Donald Trump, to release the records detailing his communications with energy companies.
The attorney general’s office released more than 7,500 pages of emails late on Tuesday, holding back an unknown number of documents it called exempted or privileged. Oklahoma Judge Aletia Timmons is reviewing those documents, but there is no set time for when or if they would be released.
Among the documents released were communications between Devon Energy and Pruitt’s office that suggest the company gave the Oklahoma officials language on limits on methane emissions at oil and gas operations. Pruitt’s office then used this language in suing the EPA over the regulations, the documents suggest. (http://bit.ly/2lFEymC)
The EPA did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Devon serves as a resource with information and expertise for decision makers, and its contact with Pruitt was consistent with its policy of engaging with policymakers, company spokesman John Porretto said.
Nick Surgey, a research director at the Center for Media and Democracy, called the document release a “major breakthrough” that revealed a close and friendly relationship between Pruitt’s office and the oil and gas industry, with frequent meetings, calls, and dinners.
The center said before the release of the emails that Pruitt’s office had violated Oklahoma’s Open Records Act by delaying their issuance.
Critics of Pruitt’s nomination to head the EPA were concerned over his record on the environment – he sued the agency more than a dozen times on behalf of his oil-producing state and has doubted the science of climate change – and Democrats in the Senate held an all night debate last week trying to stop his confirmation vote until the emails were released. He was confirmed on Friday with two Democrats from energy-producing states voting for him.
A spokesman at the Oklahoma attorney general’s office would not say how many documents were sent to the judge for review or how it decided which ones to fully release. The office went “above and beyond” what is required under the Open Records Act by producing records that would typically be considered ones outside the law’s scope, the office said in a release.



ARTICLE
February 22, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly will discuss the Trump administration’s stepped-up efforts to combat illegal immigration in talks with Mexican officials later this week, the White House said on Wednesday.
“I think Secretary Tillerson and Secretary Kelly are going to have a great discussion down there and to walk through the implementation of the executive order,” White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters.




ARTICLE
February 22, 2017
By Ayesha Rascoe
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump delivered his first public condemnation of anti-Semitic incidents in the United States on Tuesday after a new spate of bomb threats to Jewish community centers around the country and vandalism in a Jewish cemetery.
Several of the centers were evacuated for a time on Monday after receiving the threats, the JCC Association of North America said, and another center was evacuated on Tuesday morning in San Diego, California, according to police.
Also, vandals toppled about 170 headstones at the Chesed Shel Emeth Society cemetery in St. Louis, Missouri, over the weekend.
“The anti-Semitic threats targeting our Jewish community and community centers are horrible and are painful and a very sad reminder of the work that still must be done to root out hate and prejudice and evil,” Trump told reporters.
He was speaking at the end of a tour of the National Museum of African American History and Culture in Washington, which Trump said showed “why we have to fight bigotry, intolerance and hatred in all of its very ugly forms.”
The comments marked a change for Trump, who had not explicitly and publicly condemned the threats against Jews when asked last week. Instead, he spoke more generally about his hopes of making the nation less “divided.”
The president reacted with anger at a news conference last week when a journalist from a Jewish magazine asked how his government planned to “take care” of a rise in threats.
Trump berated the reporter for asking a “very insulting” question, appearing to believe the reporter was accusing him of being anti-Semitic.
“Number one, I am the least anti-Semitic person that you’ve ever seen in your entire life,” the president said, adding that he was also the least racist person. Trump has often noted that one of his daughters is a convert to Judaism, he has Jewish grandchildren and he employs many Jews in his business.
Trump’s daughter Ivanka, a close adviser to her father who practices Orthodox Judaism, responded to the latest threats in a message on her Twitter account on Monday evening.
“America is a nation built on the principle of religious tolerance,” she said. “We must protect our houses of worship & religious centers.”
On Tuesday, Trump again declined to answer a question about what action he would take to address the threats to Jewish organizations. Sean Spicer, a White House spokesman, said later that Trump would respond through “deed and action” over the coming months and years.

‘BAND-AID’
Trump’s derogatory campaign rhetoric against Muslims and Mexican immigrants won enthusiastic backing from prominent white supremacists who embrace anti-Jewish, anti-black and anti-Muslim ideologies. It also drew greater media attention to fringe extremist groups.
Trump has disavowed their support. His chief strategist, Steve Bannon, is the former publisher of Breitbart, a news website popular among right-wing extremist groups.
The Anne Frank Center for Mutual Respect in New York, which has criticized the Trump administration repeatedly over anti-Semitism, said his comments were too little too late.
“The president’s sudden acknowledgement is a Band-Aid on the cancer of anti-Semitism that has infected his own administration,” Steven Goldstein, the group’s executive director, said in a statement.
Spicer rejected the characterization.
“I wish that they had praised the president for his leadership in this area,” he told reporters when asked about Goldstein’s comment. “Hopefully as time goes by they’ll recognize his commitment to civil rights.”
Jewish groups criticized the White House for omitting any mention of Jews in its statement marking Holocaust Memorial Day last month. The White House said the omission was deliberate since the Nazis also killed people who were not Jews, if in smaller numbers. The stated goal of the Nazis was the extermination of Jews.
One day after speaking at a security summit in Munich, U.S. Vice President Mike Pence spent Sunday morning walking through the grounds of the Dachau concentration camp in Germany with a camp survivor.
Over the course of the U.S. Presidents Day holiday on Monday, bomb threats were sent to 11 Jewish community centers, including ones in the Houston, Chicago and Milwaukee areas, according to the JCC association. They were found to be hoaxes, as was another threat that forced the evacuation of a center in San Diego on Tuesday morning, according to police.
No arrests were made. The FBI has said it is investigating recent threats as “possible civil rights violations.”
The Council on American-Islamic Relations, a prominent Muslim human rights group, has offered a $5,000 reward for information leading to the conviction of anyone behind the threats, saying Muslims felt a duty to support any targeted minority group.
The incidents on Monday followed three waves of bomb threats so far this year. In all, at least 69 incidents at 54 Jewish community centers in 27 states and one Canadian province have been reported, according to the JCC association.




ARTICLE
February 22, 2017
Washington, DC – Kendall Forward, OAN Political Correspondent
The health services group, Planned Parenthood has gotten into hot water, from both sides, as to whether or not it will continue receiving government funding.
A bill recently introduced by Republicans, would reallocate the federal funds that go to Planned Parenthood to community and rural health clinics.
A poll by the Pro-Life P.A.C. Susan B. Anthony List — sought to find out how that would play out with voters.
Mallory Quigley with Susan B. Anthony List says, “when you get to the heart of this question, which is what is best for women’s  health, Planned Parenthood cannot provide all women’s needs. We are more than just our reproductive systems.  You cannot go to Planned Parenthood  for treatment for diabetes for hypertension… ”
Quigley  says comprehensive care is a better use of federal spending, and a poll conducted by the P.A.C. finds voters agree with her.
The poll was taken among 1650 voters in battleground states.
Of those polled, 60% said they would be less likely to vote for their senator if he or she wanted to continue sending money to Planned Parenthood over community health centers.
“It really shows that this issue is bipartisan not just Republican not just Democrat,  in fact it is a vulnerability for Democrats to want to continue to send our tax payer dollars to Planned Parenthood, says Quigley.
Many proponents of Planned Parenthood argue, because of the Hyde Amendment, federal funds don’t go to abortions, but instead are used for other important health services.
Quigley argues the money is all fungible.



ARTICLE
February 22, 2017
New York, NY – Claire Hardwick, OAN Political Correspondent
Protests on left-leaning college campuses against conservative speakers sparked a free speech debate across the country, and is why Dinesh D’Souza chose to speak at Columbia University, where he made the case for President Trump.
D’Souza said that the left has not recovered from President Trump winning the election.
And that they are using the tactic of intimidation to introduce even more conformity on college campuses due to fear of Donald Trump and his movement.
D’Souza said that the left is operating under the delusion that there is no intellectual case to be made for Trump.
But D’Souza’s presence on liberal campuses will challenge this idea.
“The case for Trump is essentially the idea that Trump represents a certain understanding of America. I would say the pioneer spirit of America. People of all different backgrounds come to America. Now Trump saw this first hand where he in New York, where he grew up in Queens, so his America is not the America the left thinks about,” D’Souza said.
D’Souza said there are misconceptions about President Trump and the Republican Party, and by speaking on liberal college campuses, he plans to set the record straight.



ARTICLE
February 22, 2017
Washington, D.C. – Trey Yingst, OAN Chief White House Correspondent
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson traveled to Mexico on Wednesday to meet with the country’s President, Enrique Peña Nieto.
Tillerson was joined by the Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly, who rolled out two new memos yesterday.
The American and Mexican delegations are expected to discuss the new DHS memos extensively since they have to do with border security and immigration.
A number of questions remain about which country will pay for the Southern border wall and where illegal immigrants will go once they are deported from the US.
At Wednesday’s press briefing, Press Secretary Sean Spicer said the meeting had nothing to do with reported tensions between the two countries. He pushed back against a reporter who asked if this trip was a “clean-up job.”
“The relationship with Mexico is phenomenal right now,” Spicer said.
Tillerson and Kelly are expected to return to Washington on Thursday night and will brief the President on their meetings.



ARTICLE
February 21, 2017
By Timothy Gardner
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The new head of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency said on Tuesday that America need not choose between jobs and the environment, in a nod to the energy industry, as the White House prepares executive orders that could come as soon as this week to roll back Obama-era regulation.
“I believe that we as an agency, and we as a nation, can be both pro-energy and jobs, and pro-environment,” Scott Pruitt
said in his first address to staff. “We don’t have to choose between the two.”
Critics of the agency have complained that regulations ushered in by former Democratic President Barack Obama have killed thousands of energy jobs by restricting carbon emissions and limiting areas open to coal mining and oil drilling.
Democrats, environmental advocates and many of the EPA’s current and former staff worry President Donald Trump’s appointment of Pruitt signals a reversal in America’s progress toward cleaner air and water and fighting global climate change.
Both Trump and Pruitt have expressed doubts about climate change, and Trump vowed during his 2016 presidential campaign to pull the United States out of a global pact to fight it. The Republican president has promised to slash environmental rules to help the drilling and mining industries, but without hurting air and water quality.
Pruitt sued the agency he now leads more than a dozen times while attorney general of Oklahoma to stop federal rules. He did not mention climate change in his 12-minute speech at the EPA’s headquarters in Washington.
He struck a conciliatory tone in the address,  saying he would “listen, learn and lead” and that he valued the contributions of career staff.
Trump is expected to sign executive orders aimed at reshaping environmental policy as early as this week. Those orders would lift a ban on coal mining leases on federal lands and ease greenhouse gas emissions curbs on electric utilities, according to a report by the Washington Post.
They would also require changes to Obama’s Waters of the United States rule that details which waterways fall under federal protection, the report said.
The White House did not immediately reply to a request for comment on the Washington Post story.

ENERGY TIES
Pruitt was confirmed by the U.S. Senate last week after contentious hearings that focused on his record as the top prosecutor of the oil- and gas-producing state of Oklahoma.
Democrats had sought to delay Pruitt’s confirmation over questions about his ties to the oil industry. Some 800 former EPA staff also signed a letter urging senators to reject him, and about 30 current EPA staff joined a protest set up in Chicago by the Sierra Club environmental group.
In Oklahoma, a state judge ruled last week that Pruitt would have to turn over emails between his office and energy companies by Tuesday after a watchdog group, the Center for Media and Democracy, sued for their release.
The judge will review and perhaps hold back some of the emails before releasing them, a court clerk said.
Nicole Cantello, a representative of the union that represents EPA workers, said that despite Pruitt’s record, she was hoping for the best.
“One would hope that the administrator would learn about what we do and would then not treat as lightly the EPA’s mission and accomplishments, and what it is required to do under the statutes,” she said.
The American Petroleum Institute, an industry group, said it looked forward to working with Pruitt, the administration and Congress “on policies that will keep energy affordable, create jobs, and strengthen our economy.”




ARTICLE
February 21, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis welcomed the naming of Lieutenant General Herbert Raymond McMaster as the new national security adviser, a Pentagon spokesman said on Tuesday.
U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday named McMaster as his new national security adviser, choosing a military officer known for speaking his mind and challenging his superiors.
“Secretary Mattis has known Lieutenant General McMaster since the late 1990s when his book was published and he has great respect for his strategic perspective, his intellectual rigor and his managerial discipline,” Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis told reporters on Tuesday.




ARTICLE
February 21, 2017
NEW YORK (Reuters) – NATO is the “strongest alliance in history” and the United States is committed to its alliances in Europe, U.S. ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said on Tuesday.
The U.S. is working to make the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) “even more effective,” Haley said, and policy differences with European allies should not be seen as anything less than “total commitment to (U.S.) alliances in Europe.
Haley spoke to the U.N. Security Council as it met to discuss conflicts in Europe.




ARTICLE
January 21, 2017
Washington, DC – Kendall Forward, OAN Political Correspondent
President Donald Trump described the Iranian Nuclear Agreement as “the worst deal ever negotiated,” throughout his campaign,  and remains highly critical of the issue.
He recently appointed National Security Advisor H.R. McMaster, and as they move forward, they can tear up the agreement, renegotiate, or stick to strict enforcement of the agreement.
A discussion by the conservative think tank,  The Heritage Foundation explored potential options for the new administration.
Fred Fleitz, the Senior Vice President for Policy and Programs at the Center for Security Policy, says, ” I think there’s going to be a policy review and I think the American people are going to weigh in with President Trump and say you promised us you were going to get rid of this agreement or renegotiate it.  I think that’s what the president is going to have done.”
Fleitz explains why he believes renegotiation would be a big mistake, and no deal is better than a bad deal, which he says the U.S. currently has; “I try to explain this idea of strictly enforcing it is a really bad idea because it endorses an agreement that is a fraud  and Iran can develop nuclear weapons and be in full compliance with the agreement.  It has to be torn up or be renegotiated. We should have no deal here and instead put strict sanctions on Iran to stop transfers of nuclear technology.”
Harold Rhode Iranian Cultural specialist and former defense advisor. Rhode says, ” There is no deal if we’re smart. There’s nothing signed. We don’t even know what the agreement is or what the side annexes are… There is a new sheriff in town and I would hope one of the many things President Trump and his advisors understand is this will be taken and understood for what it is. They will take the appropriate action and the Iranian people will be free from the terrorists and tyrants that rule them.”
Fleitz calls it an  “urgent issue of national security”, has  faith in The President and his new appointee to fix the problem; “He’s an impressive guy and I think he’s going to use all the government agencies to review this and come up with some strong options for The President,” says Fleitz.



ARTICLE
January 21, 2017
New York, NY – Claire Hardwick, OAN Political Correspondent
Breitbart News Editor Milo Yiannopoulos has resigned from the company following a video of comments that associated him with promoting pedophila.
The American Conservative Union disinvited Yiannopoulos to speak at the Conservative Political Action Conference, and Simon & Schuster canceled his $250,000 book deal.
In the video, Yiannopolous was filmed saying, “the whole consent thing is not as black and white as people try and paint it.”
The former editor said in a news conference that the edited video, which was published by the Twitter account @ReaganBattalion, was a “politically motivated witch-hunt and they waited until the most damaging moment.”
Yiannopolus apologized for his comments regarding child sex abuse, and said that the age of consent should not be lowered.
He said that his resignation from Breitbart was his own choice, and that he will continue to use his voice for activism, and to promote free speech in this country.
 



ARTICLE
February 21, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will visit Mexico this week along with the Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly to discuss issues including border security with the southern neighbor amid frayed relations under new U.S. President Donald Trump.
Tillerson and Kelly will meet with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto and other top Mexican officials during the two-day visit on Wednesday and Thursday, the State Department said in a statement.
They will discuss border security, law enforcement and trade, the State Department said.
The Feb. 22-23 visit comes amid tensions between the United States and Mexico since Trump took office on Jan. 20.
Trump has vowed to build a wall on the U.S. southern border, slap a hefty tax on Mexican-made goods entering the country and pull out of a trade deal with Mexico if he cannot renegotiate it to benefit the United States.
Pena Nieto canceled a planned January meeting of the two leaders in Washington after Trump said his counterpart should not attend if he was unwilling to pay for the wall.
Despite the tensions, senior Mexican and American military and interior officials spoke this month in a sign that communication remained open between the two countries.




ARTICLE
February 21, 2017
New York, NY – Claire Hardwick, OAN Political Correspondent
President Trump ran his political campaign on the promise that he would weed political corruption on a federal level, and according to the chairman of the New York GOP party, the same thing is happening in the Empire State.
Chairman Ed Cox said that Democratic Governor Andrew Cuomo is involved with various pay to play schemes in New York State.
And that these schemes are in order to help him stay in power.
But Cox said that just like the 2016 election, voters in New York want a change, and see that New York state is moving in the wrong direction.
“People have caught on. People understand this. As a result, Governor Cuomo’s re-elect cannot get over 50 percent in various non-partisan polls. And his job approval is in the mid 40s and sinking. People understand that he is about himself and his own political ambitions, and he is not doing the things that New York really needs to once again be the Empire State,” Cox said.
Cox said that just like President Trump promised to ‘Make America Great Again,’ the New York GOP is promising to make the Empire State great again.



ARTICLE
January 21, 2017
Washington, D.C. – (Trey Yingst – OAN Chief White House Correspondent)
President Trump held a major security meeting in the situation room of the White House on Tuesday.
The gathering with his intelligence team comes after he appointed Lt. General McMaster to serve as his National Security Advisor.
McMaster, who replaced General Flynn, served the United States in Iraq and Afghanistan. He let the meeting that occurred at the White House.
Early reports indicate that President Trump called the meeting to discuss what security issues the new administration plans to address in the first 100 days.
“This afternoon the President will have a routine, classified National Security Council briefing,” Press Secretary Sean Spicer said before the meeting began.
A readout of the briefing is not expected, but the council likely discussed provocations by North Korea and continuing conflict in the Middle East.



ARTICLE
January 21, 2017
Washington, DC – Jonathan Harris, OAN Political Correspondent
Most pundits did not predict President Trump’s victory because they they did not anticipate President Trump’s appeal to working people–otherwise overlooked– especially in states like Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania.  And now conservatives must lay out a blueprint for meeting the needs of these working people–many of whom feel forgotten by the political system says Utah Senator Mike Lee.
“Every policy we adopt whether it’s tax reform, whether it’s through immigration reform can have an impact on American workers.  We want to make sure that we carry President Trump’s message forward and we do that in a way that can benefit America’s workers. There are people at the top end of the economy who will always be looked out for.  There are people at the bottom end of the economy who sometimes get more attention than the forgotten man–the man who works hard everyday…the woman who takes care of her family.  It’s those people we need to focus on because sometimes they don’t get the attention they deserve,” Lee explains.
One way to create opportunities in communities where the forgotten man and woman live says Lee is to alter the tax code to draw investment to America where it will create jobs for American workers, instead of incentivizing American capital to be invested abroad.
“We should eliminate the federal corporate tax altogether.  And then we should raise the rates on investment income. This new this framework would actually tilt the playing field in the global economy in favor of the United States.  Rather than compete against foreign tax havens, the United States would become the world’s tax haven for foreign investors. For foreign investors, this tax reform would be an offer they couldn’t refuse: zero tax on profits produced by American companies and jobs,” Lee says.
And it may be the right time to try to “tilt the playing field” to begin to change things for what some call the “forgotten man and woman” says Bret Bernhardt of the Heritage Foundation.
“Historically, there have been people who have basically gone about their business doing what they do and really making the country work and function every day and they do so quietly and nobly.  Unfortunately, they don’t get looked at as much as the squeaky wheels and I think it’s time that that changed,” Bernhardt observes.
Things may indeed begin to change for working class Americans–the people credited with President Trump’s victory.  And that victory–at least–has helped make their voices heard in Washington.



ARTICLE
February 21, 2017
By Robin Emmott
BRUSSELS (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump sent top U.S. officials to Europe with a familiar warning from Washington that allies must spend more on defense, this time with the ultimatum “or else”.
But Europeans have tried to deflect the threats with the argument that a commitment to security is not just about spending targets, which diplomats said that U.S. officials did not challenge, suggesting that the stand-off will continue.
“Things look very different if we add up our defense budgets, our development aid budgets and our humanitarian efforts all around the world,” European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker told the Munich Security Conference last week.
By current standards, Washington funds about 70 percent of NATO spending. Standing beside U.S. Vice President Mike Pence on Monday at the Commission, Juncker called for another measure of what counts.
“We want … a broader understanding that the word ‘stability’ in the world means defense expenditure, human aid and development aid,” said Juncker the EU’s chief executive, adding he was against Europeans being “pushed into” the targets.
Allies who do not meet NATO targets to spend 2 percent of GDP on military budgets set out to show Pence and Defense Secretary Jim Mattis how Europeans are dealing with crises they trace back, in part, to the U.S. invasion of Iraq in 2003.
“France has a readiness to deploy that is hard to match. Spain was leading NATO’s new spearhead force last year. Italy is in Afghanistan,” said one senior European NATO diplomat. “That isn’t already reflected by spending targets.”
While Germany says Trump has a point about Europe’s drop in defense spending since the fall of the Soviet Union, Berlin and the European Commission also say Washington should take note that the EU is the world’s biggest aid donor, spending some 56 billion euros ($58.99 billion) a year.
The United States spends about 1 percent of its federal budget on foreign aid, or about $50 billion, but that also includes running diplomatic missions and giving academic grants, according to the U.S. State Department. The European Union says most of its aid goes to the world’s poorest countries.
Germany deserves recognition for the 30 to 40 billion euros  ($32 to $42 billion) it is spending to integrate over a million refugees, many of whom were displaced as a result of failed Western policy, Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said.

96 BLN EURO GOAL?
At a NATO summit in Wales in 2014, months after Russia’s annexation of Ukraine’s Crimean peninsula, allies agreed to end years of defense cuts that left Europeans without vital capabilities, such as refueling airborne fighter bombers.
They agreed all allies should reach the target of spending 2 percent of economic output on defense every year by 2024, although the goal is not legally binding. It aims to reverse a trend that saw defense research spending in the European Union fall by a third, or more than 20 billion euros, since 2006.
Only the United States, Britain, Poland, Estonia and Greece met the target in 2016, although the cuts have stopped and Latvia, Lithuania and Romania are close, NATO officials say.
NATO’s 22 European allies and Canada will spend almost 4 percent more, or some 10 billion euros, on defense this year and Germany’s increases account for some 20 percent of that.
There is no European push to change the NATO target and NATO officials say the 2 percent target will remain politically useful, if not economically viable.
Reaching the 2 percent target could cost NATO’s European members $96 billion per year, according to think tank Bruegel.
U.S. governments have been pressing Europeans to increase spending on their armed forces for decades, but Trump signaled a much tougher approach, suggesting on the campaign trail to make U.S. support conditional on meeting NATO commitments.
He has since given his full support to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, but complained this month that Europeans have “been very unfair to us”, for not spending more on defense.
Pence maintained the pressure at NATO on Monday, telling allies they had until the end of this year to show “real progress” on spending. Pence cited his spending message as one of the successes of his debut Europe trip, diplomats said.
Europeans say the biggest issue is how money is spent.
Spurred on by Britain’s decision to leave the European Union, Germany and France are leading plans to build a so-called European Defense Union that would allow countries to develop and share military assets together, as well as deploying troops.
Collectively the European Union is the world’s second-biggest military spender. But fears in Britain of an EU army  held back collaboration.
Governments spent in isolation and missed out on savings worth 25 billion euros a year, according to EU data.
Trump’s ultimatum is also still “hypothetical”, Pence said.
Asked what if Europeans did not spend more, he said: “I don’t know what the answer is to: ‘or else’. But I know that the patience of the American people will not endure forever.”




ARTICLE
February 17, 2017
Washington, DC – John Hines, Senior OAN Political Correspondent
Does voter fraud exist?  President Trump certainly believes it does, and now government watchdog group Judicial Watch has convened a panel focusing on a variety of different so-called “irregularities” which may contribute to fraud in the election system including things as simple as outdated voting lists, says Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton.
“There’s a major crisis in that regard because there are many states across the country major states like California where our analysis shows up to 20 percent of the roles aren’t clean.  In my view when you have dirty voting roles you have dirty elections,” Fitton explains.
And dirty voting roles like those in California provide the opportunity for out-right fraud which is increasingly frequent and real says panelist Hans von Spakovsky of the Heritage Foundation.
“About a year and a half ago, we started a data base to keep track of new voter fraud cases.  And the only thing we are putting in there are not accusations of voter fraud but actual convictions in a court of law….We’re adding cases every week.  We’re up to 462 cases from across the country.  Almost 800 individual convictions of defendants because often cases have multiple defendants.  So, the idea that there’s no documented fraud anywhere in the country–just from a simple data base–we’re showing that’s just not the case,” say von Spakovsky.
So some documentation of some kind of vote fraud does seem to exist, but what it may not include is something called “vote harvesting” according to election lawyer Cleta Mitchell.
“We didn’t get into a lot of problems that I’ve seen over the years, and I’ve seen a lot of it in my work as an election lawyer, wherever there are disadvantaged people in a group home for instance where there is mental retardation or physical handicaps elderly people at senior citizen centers or nursing homes…these people’s votes are harvested.  And their votes are not protected.  They are harvested by activists.  Campaign activists,” Mitchell explains.
And aside from the practice of harvesting votes, some of the actual voters influencing elections may not be American citizens says Professor Jesse Richman of Old Dominion University.
“What my colleagues and I did is we looked at cooperative Congressional election study data base…. And so what we noted was that a low percentage but potentially politically important percentage of people who were non-citizens also had evidence of voting.  And registration…. Somewhere on the order of several percent of non-citizens may well be voting in US election and that’s potentially very significant if the race is close enough,” says Professor Richman.
The debate about voting irregularities will likely continue, but if Judicial Watch’s forum is any indication, evidence of voter fraud seems to be mounting.



ARTICLE
February 20, 2017
BRUSSELS (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump believes in a free and independent press but he will not hesitate to point out flawed reporting, the U.S Vice President Mike Pence said on Monday.
“Rest assured the president and I both strongly support a free and independent press but you can anticipate that the president and all of us will continue to call out the media when they play fast and loose with the facts,” Pence told a news conference at the NATO headquarters in Brussels.
“When the media gets it wrong, President Trump will take his case straight to the American people to set the record straight,” he added.




ARTICLE
February 20, 2017
Washington, DC – Jonathan Harris, OAN Political Correspondent
Before President Trump took office, something called the Congressional Review Act had only been used once since it was created some twenty years ago.  Now, though, with assurances of President Trump’s signature, Congress has moved to use the act to approve the elimination of the many Obama-era regulations that have restricted economic growth, says Virginia Congressman Dave Brat.
“So, the CRA is king of a technical term.  Goes back to Newt Gingrich.  Usually, we have to pass laws and then pass individual bills going through the House and the Senate.  Now with the CRA it makes the process a little easier… we have two and one half trillion dollars in regulatory costs in our economy per year…. And that’s why our new business formation is so slow and so small lately.  And that’s why economic growth we only grew at one point six percent,” Brat, a former economics professor, explains.
Of course economic growth is the main goal of eliminating regulations.  And so far, Congress has succeeded in a couple important areas, says Brat.
“And so so far we’ve passed two bills through the House and Senate on CRA largely having to do with regulatory relief.  And so the first one says that for every regulation the government adds, you gotta get rid of two.  And so that’s very promising…. And the second CRA bill we passed says that any new bill you pass on net has to cost zero,” says Brat.
As Brat says, Congress has been making progress using the CRA, and the reason is that it eliminates the possibility of a filibuster in the Senate, says Phil Kerpen of American Commitment.
“The Congressional Review Act is a 1996 law that gives Congress the power to use a streamlined process that’s not subject to filibuster in the Senate which is very important to overturn individual regulations in 60 legislative days from when they are passed or within 60 legislative days of the beginning of a new administration if they were passed at the end of a previous administration so we’re in that 60 day period now,” Kerpen explains.
Kerpen points out that under the Congressional Review Act, once a regulation is eliminated, no future President can re-impose that same regulation, unless it’s approved by Congress, which means most of the these regulatory rollbacks under the CRA are unlikely to be re-instituted.



ARTICLE
February 19, 2017
By Phil Stewart
ABU DHABI (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump’s defense secretary said bad weather had forced him to scrap a visit to Afghanistan on Sunday but added that he was reviewing the next steps in the war after discussions with Afghan President Ashraf Ghani and the top U.S. commander.
“We’re putting our thoughts together now,” Defense Secretary Jim Mattis told reporters in Abu Dhabi during his debut trip to the Middle East.
U.S. General John Nicholson, the commander of U.S. and international troops in Afghanistan, said this month the NATO-led force in Afghanistan had enough troops to carry out counterterrorism missions but had “a shortfall of a few thousand” for its major role of advising Afghan security forces.
Mattis said he spoke for several hours on Sunday via video-link with Nicholson, but did not disclose whether he was in favor of sending more U.S. forces there. Mattis also said he spoke with Ghani “at length” before leaving Munich, Germany, on Saturday.
So far, Trump has offered little clarity about whether he will approve more forces for Afghanistan, where some 8,400 U.S. troops remain more than 15 years after the Islamist Taliban government was toppled.
“He’s waiting for my assessment and the assessment from the intelligence community and he’s open to my advice on it,” Mattis said. “But first of all I’ve got to formulate where I stand.”
Afghan government forces control no more than two-thirds of national territory, and have struggled to contain the Taliban insurgency since the bulk of NATO soldiers withdrew at the end of 2014.
The government is also struggling with other militants, particularly from Islamic State’s Afghanistan branch. Islamic State claimed responsibility for a suicide attack that killed at least 22 people on Feb. 7 outside Afghanistan’s Supreme Court.
A number of provincial capitals have been under pressure from the Taliban and Afghan government forces have been suffering high casualty rates, with more than 5,500 killed in the first eight months of 2016.
“The Afghan security forces paid a very heavy price to keep the Taliban on their back foot. But they paid it, they held,” Mattis said. “And the Taliban’s in a worse position today, even though I do not equate that to success on our side.”




ARTICLE
February 19, 2017
ABU DHABI (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump’s defense secretary said bad weather had forced him to scrap a visit to Afghanistan on Sunday but added he was reviewing next steps in the war after discussions with Afghan President Ashraf Ghani and the top U.S. commander.
“We’re putting our thoughts together now,” Defense Secretary Jim Mattis told reporters in Abu Dhabi, adding he spoke for several hours on Sunday via video-conference with General John Nicholson, the commander of U.S. and international troops in Afghanistan.
Mattis said he spoke with Ghani “at length” before leaving Munich, Germany, on Saturday.




ARTICLE
February 19, 2017
ABU DHABI (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump’s defense secretary said bad weather had forced him to scrap a visit to Afghanistan on Sunday but added he was reviewing next steps in the war after discussions with Afghan President Ashraf Ghani and the top U.S. commander.
“We’re putting our thoughts together now,” Defense Secretary Jim Mattis told reporters in Abu Dhabi, adding he spoke for several hours on Sunday via video-conference with General John Nicholson, the commander of U.S. and international troops in Afghanistan.
Mattis said he spoke with Ghani “at length” before leaving Munich, Germany, on Saturday.




ARTICLE
February 17, 2017
By Richard Cowan
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – President Donald Trump’s pledge to bring massive investments in U.S. infrastructure projects showed new signs of life on Friday after lying dormant for weeks, as leading Republican lawmakers said proposals from the administration could be in the offing.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, a Republican, told reporters he expects to receive “some kind of recommendation on an infrastructure bill, a subject that we frequently handle on a bipartisan basis,” but gave no details or timing.
He has previously voiced concern over adding to budget deficits with a new injection of federal funds for road, bridge and other construction projects like the ones President Barack Obama secured from Congress in 2009, especially after a major highway funding law was enacted about a year ago.
Some Republicans and Democrats in Congress are increasingly criticizing Trump’s administration for being slow to get behind his legislative initiatives during the first month of his presidency.
Trump’s plans to create an infrastructure council led by two New York billionaire friends, developers Richard LeFrak and Steven Roth, have yet to be launched, a spokesman for LeFrak said.
During his presidential campaign, Trump said he would push for a $1 trillion infrastructure program to rebuild roads, bridges, airports and other public works projects. He said he wanted action during the first 100 days of his administration, which now seems unlikely.
The Republican president has talked about creating a tax credit to encourage private sector investment in many of these projects. But Democrats say that would fail to spur enough rebuilding and put taxpayers on the hook for a tax credit to wealthy developers, who they said would build toll roads that taxpayers would then have to pay to use.
Democrats want a more direct federal role in sparking a construction boom.
In an interview on Tuesday, Republican Representative Mario Diaz-Balart said he had “no doubt that it (infrastructure investment) is a priority for the administration.”
Diaz-Balart chairs a House subcommittee that would control the flow of Washington money that might be needed to fund some of the public works projects.
Several lawmakers and aides speculated the initiative could be attached to tax reform legislation that Republicans want to advance this year, but no decisions have been made.
Writing an infrastructure bill involves seven or eight committees, there are complicated tax and spending questions at stake, and lawmakers are divided.
There are also questions over what would qualify as an infrastructure project, with rural areas, for example, clamoring for more broadband internet service.
Senator John Thune, a member of the Republican leadership who chairs the commerce and transportation panel which has a say on any bill, said he had little information on the content or status of legislation.
Asked about McConnell’s comments, Thune said, “Maybe he knows more about it since he’s married to the secretary of transportation,” Elaine Chao.




ARTICLE
February 17, 2017
By Will Dunham and Ian Simpson
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Robert Michel, a gentlemanly Midwesterner who championed civility in Washington as House Republican leader but left Congress dismayed by the rise of conservative firebrands in his own party, died on Friday at age 93, a former aide said.
Michel died at the Virginia Hospital Center in Arlington, Virginia, where he had been admitted in the last few weeks with pneumonia, said Michael Johnson, a former chief of staff to the congressman.
Michel, a decorated World War Two veteran who was wounded in the Battle of the Bulge, was first elected in 1956 to the U.S. House of Representatives from Illinois and served for 38 years.
His time in the House came during a four-decade era of Democratic control, but as minority leader starting in 1981 Michel helped shepherd the policies of Republican Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush through Congress.
In a statement, Bush called Michel “a great American for whom the words ‘duty’ and ‘honor’ and ‘country’ weren’t just a campaign slogan, but a lifelong creed.”
The courtly Michel (pronounced “Michael”), known as Bob, amassed a conservative voting record but believed in bipartisanship and maintained friendships with many Democratic colleagues, including House Speakers Tip O’Neill and Tom Foley.
“It has always puzzled me that in Washington we have no public vocabulary to describe civility, which I believe is among the highest public virtues,” Michel said in 1991.
“Raising the level of your voice doesn’t raise the level of discussion. Listening with care is better than talking in sound bites and thinking in slogans. … Peaks of uncommon progress can be reached by paths of common courtesy.”
Michel served as House Republican leader for 14 years until deciding not to seek re-election to the House in the November 1994 elections.
With the rise of conservative rabble-rousers like Georgia’s Newt Gingrich in the House Republican caucus in the late 1980s and early 1990s, Michel’s brand of leadership – consultation with Democrats instead of confrontation – was becoming obsolete.
After Gingrich signaled he might try to depose him as Republican leader, Michel expressed confidence that he would have won but said such a fight would have been “fratricidal.”
Gingrich and his allies sought to portray the Democratic leaders of the House as corrupt legislative dictators. In May 1993, Michel warned that the “politics of anger” was slowly destroying the United States’ civic environment.

‘TRASHING THE INSTITUTION’
Michel announced in October 1993 he would retire from the House after the 1994 election. Michel lamented that Congress was becoming a place lacking camaraderie and deplored colleagues who resorted to “trashing the institution” for political gain.
Gingrich helped engineer a Republican takeover of the House in the 1994 elections and rose to the job of speaker. His  ascendancy and Michel’s retirement ushered in a new combative style of leadership for House Republicans, who have remained largely uncompromising ever since.
Michel served in the House under five Republican and four Democratic presidents. The last of them, Democrat Bill Clinton, honored him with the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the highest U.S. civilian award.
“In the best sense he is a gentleman legislator who, in spite of the great swings in public opinion from year to year, has remained always true to the Midwestern values he represents so faithfully in the House,” Clinton said during the August 1994 ceremony.
Michel was born in 1923 in Peoria, Illinois, long viewed as a symbol of small-town America, and grew up in the Great Depression. He served as an infantryman in Europe during World War Two and earned two Bronze Stars, the Purple Heart and four Battle Stars.
After graduating from Bradley University in Peoria, Michel worked in a congressional office until winning his House seat in 1956.
He married his wife Corinne in 1948 and the couple had four children. She died in 2003.




ARTICLE
February 17, 2017
By Dave McKinney
CHICAGO (Reuters) – One of the key players in Illinois’ unending financial plight extended a peace offering to Republican Governor Bruce Rauner on Friday by opening a legislative avenue for the possible sale of the state’s main office building in downtown Chicago.
Democratic House Speaker Michael Madigan announced a legislative committee would explore a Rauner request to sell the state’s aging James R. Thompson Center high-rise in Chicago’s famed Loop business district.
Madigan’s offer follows a renewed call this week by the governor for the state to dump the aging office building in a move he said could yield as much as $220 million for Illinois’ depleted treasury.
Crippled by feuding between Madigan and Rauner, Illinois is limping through a record-setting second consecutive fiscal year without a complete budget. Rauner and the Democratic-led legislature have allowed the state to veer deeper into budgetary no-man’s land by permitting a six-month fiscal 2017 budget to expire on Dec. 31.
“While technical questions pertaining to the sale remain, it is my intention to work with the governor on developing a course of action for the Thompson Center that best serves the interests of the people of Illinois,” Madigan said in a statement.
The long-serving House speaker said his move was in keeping with “my commitment to work cooperatively with the governor.”
A Rauner spokeswoman said the governor is “encouraged” by the speaker’s move and called a sale of the building “a good deal for taxpayers.”
Opened in 1985, the 16-story Thompson Center houses about 2,000 government workers and was designed by award-winning architect Helmut Jahn.
Named after a former Illinois Republican governor who served for 14 years, the building has faced recurring heating and cooling problems and has been neglected by the state for much of its three-decade lifespan.
In October 2015, Rauner said $100 million was needed for deferred maintenance and repairs. By contrast, ridding the state of the complex would return a new development to Chicago’s property tax rolls, perhaps generating $45 million annually for the city, the governor’s office said on Friday.
In his budget address on Wednesday, Rauner urged lawmakers to permit the building’s sale, saying it could help close an estimated $4.57 billion state budget deficit in fiscal 2018 and generate revenue elsewhere.
“Everyone benefits from the sale,” he said. “The city of Chicago stands to gain major new property tax revenue, along with the jobs that come with a massive development.”




ARTICLE
February 17, 2017
By Phil Stewart and Robin Emmott
BRUSSELS (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump’s defense secretary on Thursday said he did not see possible military collaboration with Russia now, in a blow to Moscow’s hopes to mend ties with Washington after Trump’s election.
The remarks are perhaps the strongest indication yet from the Trump administration that prospects for any significant cooperation between the U.S. and Russian militaries against  Islamic State in Syria is unlikely anytime soon.
They came despite repeated suggestions by Trump during his election campaign of the possibility of joint action against Islamic State militants.
“We are not in a position right now to collaborate on a military level. But our political leaders will engage and try to find common ground,” Jim Mattis told reporters after talks at NATO headquarters in Brussels, also mentioning U.S. concerns about Russian interference in democratic elections.
Just hours before Mattis spoke, Russian President Vladimir Putin said it was in the interests of both nations to restore communications between their intelligence agencies.
“It’s absolutely clear that in the area of counter-terrorism all relevant governments and international groups should work together,” he told Russia’s Federal Security Service (FSB).
U.S. intelligence agencies, however, are among the most powerful voice of caution in Washington on Russia, concluding that Moscow hacked and leaked Democratic Party emails during the presidential campaign as part of efforts to tilt the vote in the Nov. 8 election in Trump’s favor.
Monday’s resignation of national security adviser Michael Flynn, who was seen in Moscow as a leading advocate of warmer ties with Russia, has underscored for the Kremlin the difficulties of reaching a settlement.
Flynn resigned after disclosures he had discussed U.S. sanctions on Russia with the Russian ambassador to the United States before Trump took office, and that he later misled Vice President Mike Pence about the conversations.
Asked whether he believed that Russia interfered in U.S. presidential elections, Mattis said: “Right now, I would just say there’s very little doubt that they have either interfered or they have attempted to interfere in a number of elections in the democracies.” He did not explicitly cite the U.S. election.
A Kremlin aide said there had been no progress on a potential meeting between Trump and Putin. “There is no agreement on a meeting nor a clear understanding yet,” Interfax news agency quoted Kremlin aide Yuri Ushakov as saying.

BACK-AND-FORTH
Mattis, who has previously accused Russia of trying to break the NATO alliance, told a closed-door session of NATO on Wednesday that it needed to be realistic about the chances of restoring a cooperative relationship with Moscow.
He cited Moscow’s 2014 annexation of Crimea from Ukraine, which plunged U.S.-Russia relations to a post-Cold War low. Mattis said NATO needed “negotiate from a position of strength” as he called for stepped up military spending.
That prompted a terse reply from Russia’s Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu. “Attempts to build a dialogue with Russia from a position of strength would be futile,” he was quoted as saying by TASS news agency.
Mattis shot back: “I have no need to respond to the Russian statement at all. NATO has always stood for military strength and protection of the democracies and the freedoms we intend to pass on to our children.”
The back-and-forth came even as U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov met in Germany, and U.S. Marine General Joseph Dunford, the top U.S. military officer, met Chief of the Russian General Staff Valery Gerasimov in Azerbaijan.
Lavrov dismissed the uproar over the U.S. election. “You should know we do not interfere in the domestic matters of other countries,” he said.
Congressional inquiries into alleged Russian interference in the U.S. elections are gaining momentum as Capitol Hill investigators press intelligence and law enforcement agencies for access to classified documents.
The FBI and several U.S. intelligence agencies are investigating Russian espionage operations in the United States.
They are also looking at contacts in Russia between Russian intelligence officers or others with ties to Putin’s government and people connected to Trump or his campaign.




ARTICLE
February 17, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. Senate Leader McConnell said he expects to move on legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare as soon as his there are enough votes to pass the Republican-controlled chamber.
The Kentucky Republican, speaking to reporters at a news conference, added that he does not expect to get much initial cooperation from Democrats, whose votes Republicans need to gain the 60 needed to pass bills.




ARTICLE
February 17, 2017
Washington, D.C. – Trey Yingst, OAN Chief White House Correspondent
President Trump attended the unveiling of the new Boeing 787 Dreamliner on Friday, taking the opportunity to speak about jobs and infrastructure.
During his remarks, President Trump explained how he is following through on a campaign promises to create jobs and encourage companies to “buy American, hire American.”
President Trump noted that he had signed off on the Dakota Access and Keystone XL pipelines, requesting that they be built with American steel and by American workers.
“As your president, I’m going to do everything that I can to unleash the power of the American spirit and put our great people back to work,” President Trump said.
The President also met with the CEO of Boeing privately to discuss a number of topics, including the construction of the new Air Force one.
On Saturday, President Trump will hold a rally in Florida to where he is expected to discuss tax cuts that will be introduced later this month.



ARTICLE
February 17, 2017
New York, NY – Claire Hardwick, OAN Political Correspondent
President Trump promised in his inaugural address that he would work hard for the American people.
George Lombardi, said this is absolutely true about Trump. And for those who actually know him, his character is the reason he will succeed in Washington, D.C.
George Lombardi has been friends with President Trump for years and is his neighbor in Trump Tower.
He said that first and foremost, Trump is a family man who is very principled.
And that he has sacrificed his time with his family and his successful businesses because he genuinely cares about changing the direction of this country.
Lombardi said that Trump is not a career politician, so he is able to go against the establishment and not play by their rules.
And that the more the DC machine tries to bring him down, the more he will succeed
“Actually, and the more the chatter, the more he’s going to stick to his guns. So, people that don’t know him, they think the chatter like you call it or the character assassination as I call it is going to have an effect. It’s not, not on him. It might have some effect on somebody a little less strong and with less conviction, but in terms of Trump, you’ve seen it all throughout the campaign,” Lombardi said.
Lombardi said that President Trump is an extremely hard worker, and genuinely wants what is best for the country-and this is the true nature of the president that his enemies do not want the American people to see.



ARTICLE
February 17, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump is poised to tap a Republican media relations firm owner to oversee his White House communications, according to media reports on Friday.
Crossroads Media founder Mike Dubke is expected to be named White House communications director, CNN, NBC and Fox News reported, a move that could help spokesman Sean Spicer, who has handled both duties since Trump took office last month.
Reuters could not immediately confirm the reports, and Crossroads Media did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
CNN, citing two administration officials, said the announcement could come as soon as Friday, adding that Dubke did not respond to a request for comment.
The appointment would help round out Trump’s communications team, which also includes Hope Hicks, director of strategic communications, and Dan Scavino, director of social media.
Trump’s previous choice to serve as director of communications, Jason Miller, declined the job in December.
Dubke’s appointment could help shore up Trump’s messaging efforts.
Spicer and Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway gave differing accounts on Monday before Michael Flynn resigned from his post as national security adviser amid controversy over his contacts with Russia. Conway told a television network that Flynn had Trump’s full confidence, while Spicer soon after told reporters that Trump was evaluating Flynn.
Conway also publicly endorsed Ivanka Trump products in a recent television interview, prompting a call by the Office of Government Ethics for disciplinary action for appearing to violate government ethics rules.
A graduate of Hamilton College in New York, Dubke helped launch another communications firm in Virginia, the Black Rock Group, according to Crossroads’ website.




ARTICLE
February 17, 2017
MOSCOW (Reuters) – The Kremlin said on Friday it was not disappointed by how U.S.-Russia ties were developing under U.S. President Donald Trump and that it would only be possible to assess the outlook for relations once the leaders of both countries had met.
“We haven’t been wearing rose-tinted glasses, we never harbored illusions, so there is nothing to be disappointed in,” Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters on a conference call.
Peskov was responding to a question about whether the Kremlin felt let down by the lack of progress in improving ties with the United States since the inauguration of Trump, who pledged in his campaign to try to rebuild ties with Russia.
“There has not yet been substantive contact between the two heads of state. It’s not known when this will happen. And probably only after they talk will it be clear where significant differences remain and where it is possible to discover areas for cooperation,” said Peskov.




ARTICLE
February 17, 2017
By Robert Iafolla and Steve Holland
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – President Donald Trump on Thursday nominated former National Labor Relations Board member R. Alexander Acosta to serve as U.S. secretary of labor, one day after Trump’s original choice withdrew.
Acosta is dean of the Florida International University College of Law in Miami and is Trump’s first Hispanic nominee.
Acosta has had a decades-long public service career, serving in three presidentially appointed and Senate-confirmed positions, and is expected to face a smooth confirmation process.
“Mr. Acosta’s nomination is off to a good start because he’s already been confirmed by the Senate three times,” said Senator Lamar Alexander, who chairs the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions that will be vetting the nomination.
Acosta was appointed to the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) by former Republican President George W. Bush, who also appointed him to be assistant attorney general in the Justice Department’s Civil Rights Division.
He was then appointed to be U.S. attorney for the Southern District of Florida, where he went after high-profile defendants such as Jack Abramoff and UBS, resulting in the Swiss bank paying more than $750 million in fines for a tax-avoidance scheme.
Acosta also previously served as a law clerk to Samuel Alito from 1994 to 1995, when the conservative Supreme Court justice was a judge at the 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
“I thank the President and his staff for their confidence in me and I am eager to work tirelessly on behalf of the American worker,” Acosta said in a statement.
While at the NLRB, Acosta signed hundreds of opinions. Those familiar with his work describe him as a careful and cautious public servant whose career trajectory suggested he may someday vie for a federal judgeship.
Because he has already gone through multiple vettings by the U.S. Senate, it is unlikely there will be any surprises in his background that could derail his nomination.
The choice of Acosta, a traditional Republican conservative, is seen by some as a sign that Trump was forced to give up a more aggressive policy on worker issues.
Trump’s first labor secretary pick, Andrew Puzder, the chief executive officer of CKE Restaurants Inc, was outspoken in opposition to issues such as overtime pay, minimum wage hikes and even discussed the superiority of robots over human workers.
He removed his name from consideration on Wednesday amid concerns he could not garner enough Senate votes to be confirmed.
“This is the humbling of Donald Trump,” said Seth Harris, a former Acting Labor Secretary during the Obama administration, who said Puzder would have been a “radical disruptor” but Acosta won’t be.
Acosta has been a staunch defender of the civil rights of Muslims who faced a backlash after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks on the United States.
In a 2011 congressional hearing, Acosta applauded how the Justice Department responded to civil rights violations, saying they helped assure Muslim Americans that “their government would protect their rights.”
Some progressive groups were already responding negatively to the Acosta appointment, with Allied Progress alleging he had mismanaged the Department of Justice’s Civil Rights Division when he ran it.
In 2008, an internal Justice Department report faulted Acosta for failing to rein in a staffer who engaged in improper politicized hiring.
However, the response to Acosta’s nomination from union groups who had staunchly opposed Puzder was much more measured on Thursday.
“Unlike Andy Puzder, Alexander Acosta’s nomination deserves serious consideration,” said AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka.
“In one day, we’ve gone from a fast-food CEO who routinely violates labor law to a public servant with experience enforcing it.”




ARTICLE
February 16, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The U.S. Senate on Thursday voted to advance the nomination of President Donald Trump’s pick to run the Environmental Protection Agency and a final vote could occur on Friday.
The Senate voted 54 to 46 to advance Scott Pruitt, the attorney general of oil and gas producing Oklahoma. Pruitt has come under criticism from many lawmakers for suing the agency he intends to run 14 times on behalf of Oklahoma. One Republican, Senator Sue Collins, said this week she would not vote for Pruitt in the final vote.




ARTICLE
February 16, 2017
By Richard Cowan and David Morgan
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – President Donald Trump and Republicans in Congress said on Thursday that they will soon unveil plans to repeal and replace Obamacare, providing a timeframe for a legislative goal they have struggled with for weeks.
Republicans, who control the White House, the U.S. House of Representatives and U.S. Senate, have long vowed to repeal the Affordable Care Act but have had difficulty agreeing on a detailed plan for replacing the signature domestic policy of former Democratic President Barack Obama.
But announcements from Trump and House Speaker Paul Ryan claimed progress.
“We’re doing Obamacare, we’re in the final stages,” Trump told a news conference. “So we will be submitting sometime in early March, mid-March.”
Earlier Thursday, Ryan told reporters on Capitol Hill that House Republicans would introduce legislation to repeal and replace Obama’s program after a 10-day recess that begins on Friday.
“After the House returns following the Presidents Day break, we intend to introduce legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare,” Ryan said at a press conference. Presidents Day is on Monday and the House returns on Feb. 27.
Ryan spoke shortly after many House Republicans huddled in a closed session with newly-installed U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price to discuss their options to change the 2010 law.
The session was part pep talk and part laying out of talking points that can be delivered to constituents during the recess.
A 19-page “policy brief” was distributed to lawmakers, and it included some details of the emerging House Republican healthcare strategy.
In the weeks ahead, Republicans intend to repeal the penalties for Obamacare’s mandate requiring individuals to get coverage and employers to provide it, the policy brief said.
The House Republican replacement plan for Obamacare will include an age-based monthly tax credit that Americans who do not get health insurance through their employer can use to buy health insurance and take from job to job, the brief said.
House Republicans plan to unwind the expansion of the Medicaid healthcare program for the poor that happened under Obamacare, and eventually cap federal Medicaid payments to states, the document said. And they plan to repeal cuts that Obamacare made in payments to hospitals treating large numbers of uninsured.
Lawmakers left the meeting saying there was plenty more work ahead on thorny issues. House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady said there is “a range of options” for giving states more say over Medicaid. He also said there were options to offset the cost of a Republican plan, such as capping the tax exclusion for employer-based healthcare plans.




ARTICLE
February 16, 2017
By Richard Cowan and David Morgan
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – President Donald Trump, after nearly a month in power, has yet to unveil major legislation or publicly endorse bills from others, getting Republicans off to a slow start on the sweeping reforms they promised on the campaign trail.
As Trump and Republicans ricochet from crisis to crisis, lawmakers have lowered expectations for legislative action in 2017 on tax reform, health care, financial regulation, jobs and infrastructure, with some urging more White House guidance.
Trump has spelled out few specifics on such issues in his more than two dozen executive orders, proclamations and memoranda. A temporary ban on U.S. entry by refugees and people from seven Muslim-majority countries was blocked in court.
Ambitious campaign promises by Trump helped the Republicans make a clean sweep of the White House, the Senate and the House of Representatives in November’s national elections.
Movement on legislation could come soon now that the Senate has confirmed nine of Trump’s Cabinet nominees and is poised to approve others soon, despite delays by Democrats.
But concern is mounting among some Republicans and moderate Democrats who had hoped for more at this stage.
On taxes, for instance, Republican Senator Lindsey Graham told Reuters, “What I’d like to see the administration do is lead on this issue.” The White House needs to “either come out with their own tax cut plan or weigh in pretty quickly,” he said, “I’m getting unnerved that there’s lack of coordination.”
Last week, Trump promised a “phenomenal” tax plan within weeks but offered no details. Nor has he firmly endorsed or opposed tax reform proposals being debated in Congress.
At a party retreat last month, lawmakers warmed to remarks by Trump that seemed to show support for a House Republican “border adjustment” tax to encourage exports and discourage imports. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan issued a statement saying Congress and Trump were “on the same page.”
But the enthusiasm was short-lived. The White House later said border adjustment was only one option. After a week, Ryan said tax reform legislation would not appear until mid-2017.
Democratic Representative Jim Himes, who has talked about working with Republicans, said in an interview that promises of “day one” action have rung hollow. “Instead, we are torn apart by poorly drafted executive orders, tweets, Russian ties to the White House,” he said.
At a press conference on Thursday, Trump said he would submit an “initial plan” on health care in March and tackle tax reform after that. He said, “Tax reform’s going to happen fairly quickly. We’re doing Obamacare. We’re in the final stages.”

CONTRAST WITH PREDECESSORS
Trump’s legislative record lags some, but not all, recent presidents. Democrat Barack Obama laid out an economic stimulus plan days after his January 2009 swearing in and signed it into law less than a month later. Republican George W. Bush sent a tax cut proposal to Congress less than three weeks after taking office in January 2001. It was enacted four months later.
Democrat Bill Clinton fulfilled a central campaign promise in his first weeks in office when he enacted a family-leave bill on Feb. 5, 1993. Republican George H.W. Bush accomplished little of note in his first 100 days, while his predecessor Republican Ronald Reagan sent dozens of detailed budget cut plans to Congress less than a month after his 1981 swearing in.
In an Oct. 22 campaign speech, Trump vowed to work with Congress to introduce “broader legislative measures” in the first 100 days of his administration to reform the tax code, repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, boost job creation, curb job offshoring, spend $1 trillion on infrastructure and build a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border.
In his first 27 days, Trump has not yet offered any legislation to advance these goals.
Investors have not been deterred. The Dow Jones industrial average has surged roughly 12 percent since he was elected.
“Right now there is a lot of hope in the market, but so far I haven’t seen Trump show that he knows how to manage policy or have much of a plan,” said Thyra Zerhusen, co-chief investment officer of Fairpointe Capital in Chicago.

‘PROCEEDING WELL’ – HENSARLING
Trump signed a bill into law on Tuesday repealing an Obama administration anti-corruption rule that required oil and mining companies to disclose payments to foreign officials.
Republican Representative Jeb Hensarling, who attended the signing ceremony, said, “Things are proceeding well.”
Legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act, known as Obamacare, and replace parts of it will be unveiled after a 10-day House recess that begins on Friday, Ryan said on Thursday.
Republicans have been struggling to come up with a detailed plan for replacing Obama’s signature domestic policy that they have vowed to repeal.
At the outset of Trump’s term, Republican lawmakers, lobbyists and tax experts were planning to repeal Obamacare in February, then begin revamping the tax code in March.
Now, House Republicans say they may pass a tax-reform bill by August. That would force the Senate to take up the issue at the start of the 2018 midterm election season, a bad time for lawmakers to be making hard decisions.
From the start of the new administration, some Republicans had jitters about Trump’s moves, such as his battle with the media over the size of the crowd at his swearing-in ceremony.
“He should be talking about how we’re going to be reforming healthcare,” Republican Representative Charlie Dent told reporters on Jan. 24. “I hope he gets more focused on policy.”




ARTICLE
February 16, 2017
By Susan Cornwell
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump’s choice to lead an important health agency said on Thursday that the way pharmaceutical companies classify products as generic or branded needs to be reviewed in order to help hold down government spending, as she cited Mylan NV’s EpiPen emergency allergy treatment.
Seema Verma, Trump’s nominee to lead the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), did not answer questions about whether the U.S. government should negotiate with pharmaceutical companies over drug prices.
“I think what happened with … the EpiPen issue is very disturbing,” Verma said at her confirmation hearing before the Senate Finance Committee. “The idea that perhaps Medicaid programs, which are struggling to pay for those programs, that they could have potentially received rebates is disturbing to me.”
Mylan has been criticized for listing EpiPen with Medicaid as a generic product even though it listed it with the Food and Drug Administration as a branded product. The classification led to Mylan’s paying significantly smaller rebates to the Medicaid healthcare program for the poor than if EpiPen were classified as branded.
“I would like to review the processes in place there, in terms of the classifications, in terms of brand and generic, to ensure that type of thing doesn’t happen again,” Verma said.
CMS said last year that it had “expressly advised” Mylan that the drugmaker had improperly classified EpiPen.
Mylan said last month that U.S. antitrust authorities had launched an investigation into EpiPen. The company said suggestions it took any inappropriate or unlawful actions to prevent generic competition was “without merit.”
Mylan has also come under fire for raising the price of a two-pack of EpiPens to $600 last summer from $100 in 2008. Mylan began selling a generic version of EpiPen for $300 per two-pack in December.
Verma also said she would produce records of communication between the agency and Mylan, when questioned by Republican Senator Chuck Grassley. A statement from Grassley’s office said Mylan had overcharged states and taxpayers by “potentially hundreds of millions of dollars.”
Democrats were not pleased with Verma’s sidestepping a question from Senator Debbie Stabenow about whether she agreed with Trump that the government should negotiate with drug companies over prices of drugs covered by the Medicare healthcare program for the elderly and disabled.
“I don’t think that’s a simple yes or no answer,” Verma said. “The goal is to make sure that we’re getting affordable prices for our seniors.”




ARTICLE
February 16, 2017
By Jessica Toonkel
NEW YORK (Reuters) – The Trump administration’s combative view of traditional news media as the “opposition party” and “fake news” is turning out to be the best hope in 2017 for newspapers struggling to attract more digital readers and advertisers.
The New York Times <NYT.N>, the Financial Times, The Wall Street Journal and Gannett Co <GCI.N> are building on the online readership they gained during the 2016 presidential election by marketing unbiased reporting as a sales strategy.
The risk, however, is whether those new readers will attract advertising dollars to the newspapers, some of which have been criticized for having political leanings. An Edelman survey of more than 33,000 people in 28 countries shows trust in the media is at an all-time low at just 35 percent.
So far, there is reason for optimism among newspaper executives and investors. The New York Times, which President Donald Trump has referred to as “failing” in his Twitter messages, added a record 276,000 digital news subscribers in the last quarter and sees digital ad revenue up 10 to 15 percent in the current quarter. The company said it expects to add 200,000 digital subscriptions to its news products in the first quarter.
The Wall Street Journal added 113,000 digital subscriptions in its latest quarter, an almost 12 percent jump. The company said that January’s numbers were even higher, but it declined to provide figures.
Financial Times digital subscriptions jumped 6 percent in the fourth quarter to 646,000, while digital subscriptions at the 109 local newspapers across the country that make up the Gannett’s USA Today Network, grew 26 percent to 182,000 in the fourth quarter.
Meanwhile USA Today, which is part of the USA Today Network, and not subscription based, saw revenue grow 1.4 percent, the company said. It said 68 percent of USA Today’s advertising revenue in the fourth quarter came from digital.
In addition to the proliferation of “fake news” websites that publish false stories for propaganda purposes, another challenge for traditional media is hostility from Trump who has on occasion described their reporting as “fake news.” Republican Trump’s close adviser, Stephen Bannon, told The New York Times in an interview in January: “The media’s the opposition party” and not the Democratic Party.

‘NO TILT’
To win over advertisers and readers’ trust, The Wall Street Journal ran ads online and in print during the election. One featured a pin ball machine with the tagline, “No Tilt. Campaign coverage that’s on the level.”
The paper has run ads after the election to highlight its content as “created, curated and checked in a real newsroom.”
The New York Times, which is focused on increasing its  subscriber revenue, in January launched its “Truth” campaign consisting of online ads urging readers to sign up because, “Truth. It needs your support.”
The newspaper sees an opportunity in making sure readers understand that it is fair and accurate and plans to launch another marketing campaign in coming weeks, Chief Executive Officer Mark Thompson said on the company’s last earnings call.
The Financial Times is running its “Facts. Truths.” campaign promoting its coverage of the election and now the Trump administration.
Gannett, which rebranded its publications under the “USA Today Network,” has used the election to highlight it has  journalists at local newspapers across the United States, said Andy Yost, chief marketing officer at Gannett.

WILL ADVERTISERS COME?
Divisiveness stirred by the election campaign has made brands avoid publications that appear to be politically aligned, said Natalie Prout, a strategist at Phenomenon, a Los Angeles-based branding agency.
For example, there is a heightened understanding in the wake of November’s election that if a brand buys an ad in The Huffington Post, for example, it could be perceived as supporting a liberal agenda, Prout said.
Brands are also worried about their ads showing up in what is perceived as “fake news,” so they are exercising more caution  when using programmatic advertising, where they automatically buy digital ad spots through a third party.
Instead of listing which sites they do not want their ads showing up on, more advertisers are choosing which sites they do want to see their ads, said Barry Lowenthal, president of The Media Kitchen, a New York-based media buyer.
Despite the recent bump in subscribers, newspapers still are facing major headwinds, said newspaper analyst Ken Doctor.
“Print advertising is in free fall,” Doctor said. “The fundamentals haven’t changed.”
But growing digital subscribers can help attract advertisers to other areas, such as conferences, said Suzi Watford, chief marketing officer of Dow Jones, which includes The Wall Street Journal.
“The more we are able to bring in people, the more we are able to build and maintain a healthy ad business,” Watford said.

For a graphic on online newspaper subscriptions click http://fingfx.thomsonreuters.com/gfx/rngs/MEDIA-TRUMP-NEWSPAPERS/010031WJ49N/index.html






ARTICLE
February 16, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The U.S. Senate on Thursday narrowly confirmed South Carolina congressman Mick Mulvaney to serve as White House budget director in a 51-49 vote that largely followed party lines.
Underscoring the rocky reception that President Donald Trump’s Cabinet nominees have had on Capitol Hill, the vote came as Republican Senator John McCain opposed Mulvaney along with 46 Democrats and two independents.
McCain, chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, said on Wednesday he was concerned about Mulvaney’s opposition to defense spending.
An outspoken budget hawk who has been branded by Democrats  as a threat to popular social programs including Social Security and Medicare, Mulvaney entered the House of Representatives as a Tea Party candidate in 2011 and is a member of the conservative House Freedom Caucus.
Democrats have also criticized him for failing to pay more than $15,000 in taxes related to a household employee until after he was nominated.
Mulvaney was narrowly approved earlier this month by both the Senate Budget Committee and the Senate Homeland Security Committee, where McCain provided a crucial ‘yes’ vote to move the nomination forward.




ARTICLE
February 16, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The House of Representatives Democratic leader and the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee asked U.S. intelligence on Thursday for an immediate briefing on contacts between Russian officials and President Donald Trump’s former national security adviser Michael Flynn.
Adding to the clamor from Congress for more information about the matter, Leader Nancy Pelosi and Representative Adam Schiff wrote to Michael Dempsey, the acting director of National Intelligence, asking for an immediate “comprehensive” briefing and access to uncensored transcripts of Flynn’s conversations with Russian officials.




ARTICLE
February 16, 2017
By Richard Cowan and David Morgan
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Legislation to repeal Obamacare and replace major portions of the healthcare program will be unveiled after a 10-day U.S. House of Representatives recess that begins on Friday, House Speaker Paul Ryan said on Thursday.
Republicans, who control both House and Senate, have been struggling to come up with a detailed plan for replacing former Democratic President Barack Obama’s signature domestic policy that they have vowed to repeal.
“After the House returns following the Presidents Day break, we intend to introduce legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare,” Ryan said at his weekly press conference. Presidents Day is on Monday and the House returns on Feb. 27.
Ryan spoke shortly after many House Republicans huddled in a closed session with newly-installed U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price to discuss Obama’s 2010 Affordable Care Act and their options to change it.
The session was part pep talk and part laying out of talking points that can be delivered to constituents during the recess.
Lawmakers left the meeting saying there was plenty more work ahead on thorny issues, including squeezing savings from the Medicaid health plan for the elderly and disabled and possibly cutting some healthcare tax credits.
Republican President Donald Trump’s administration has gone through a succession of controversies since he was sworn in on Jan. 20, including his travel ban on immigrants and refugees from seven predominantly Muslim countries, while Republicans in Congress labored over replacing Obamacare and reforming an outdated tax system.
Hoping to quell any jitters, Price, who served in the House before becoming HHS secretary, told Republican lawmakers that on Obamacare repeal, “The president is all in on this…let’s go shoulder to shoulder, arm to arm,” according to a source who attended the meeting.
But they do not know yet what exactly they will be joining forces on.
House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady told reporters there are “a range of options” for giving states more say over the operation of Medicaid, which has become an important tool for delivering medical coverage under Obamacare.
Brady said there were also various options for ways to offset the costs of a Republican plan, such as capping the tax exclusion for employer-based healthcare plans.
Nevertheless, Brady said that going in to the recess, “I think we succeeded in giving our members a very in-depth view of what the replacement parts will be and a very in-depth range of options for how to achieve it.”




ARTICLE
February 16, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Republican lawmakers plan to introduce their legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare after they return from next week’s break, U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan told reporters on Thursday.
Ryan did not give a specific date and added that lawmakers are waiting to see how congressional analysts “score” their proposal to reverse former Democratic President Barack Obama’s health care law. The House is scheduled to return Feb. 27.




ARTICLE
February 16, 2017
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Republican lawmakers plan to introduce their legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare after they return from next week’s break, U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan told reporters on Thursday.
Ryan did not give a specific date and added that lawmakers are waiting to see how congressional analysts “score” their proposal to reverse former Democratic President Barack Obama’s health care law. The House is scheduled to return Feb. 27.




ARTICLE
February 16, 2017
By Lawrence Hurley
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee will hold its confirmation hearing for President Donald Trump’s U.S. Supreme Court nominee, conservative federal appeals court judge Neil Gorsuch, beginning on March 20, the panel’s Republican chairman said on Thursday.
The hearing is likely to last three to four days, with Gorsuch and committee members making opening statements on the first day, the nominee facing questions on the second day and outside experts also testifying, Senator Chuck Grassley said.
Grassley said in a statement that Gorsuch, nominated by Trump on Jan. 31, has so far “met every demand” posed by Democrats, who are the minority party in the Senate but can still delay action if they can muster enough votes.
“He’s a mainstream judge. He’s displayed independence. He’s met with dozens of senators who have nothing but positive things to say. He is well-qualified and respected,” Grassley said.
Supreme Court nominees require Senate confirmation for the lifetime job on the nine-justice court. With four liberals and four conservatives now on the court, Gorsuch’s confirmation would restore the conservative majority that had existed for decades until the February 2016 death of Justice Antonin Scalia.
Democrats, still furious over the Republican-led Senate’s refusal last year to consider Democratic President Barack Obama’s nominee Merrick Garland to replace Scalia, have raised questions about whether Gorsuch would be willing to demonstrate independence from Trump if confirmed to the job.
In light of Trump’s pointed criticism of judges who ruled against him in the past, Democrats are likely to question Gorsuch about the importance of an independent judiciary.
After courts put on hold Trump’s ban on people entering the United States from seven Muslim-majority countries, the president criticized the proceedings as “disgraceful,” called one of the jurists a “so-called judge” and labeled the judiciary “so political.”
Democratic Senator Richard Blumenthal said last week Gorsuch told him during a private meeting that Trump’s comments about the judiciary were “disheartening and demoralizing,” an account that Gorsuch’s spokesman, Ron Bonjean, confirmed but Trump disputed.
The Senate’s top Democrat, Chuck Schumer, last week accused Gorsuch of avoiding answering questions “like the plague” during their private meeting and dodging efforts to gauge his judicial independence.
Trump’s fellow Republicans control the Senate 52-48 but Schumer has insisted Gorsuch would need to win 60 votes, rather than a simple majority, to move toward confirmation. Democrats can seek to use a procedural maneuver to block a confirmation vote if Gorsuch’s supporters cannot muster 60 votes, although Republicans could change the Senate rules.
If the hearing goes smoothly and the full Senate votes to confirm him soon afterward, Gorsuch could be on the court before the end of the court’s current term in June.




