ARTICLE
When it comes to overhauling the Affordable Care Act, there's one thing voters in both parties can agree on: They oppose weakening federal protections for those with pre-existing medical conditions.
A new POLITICO/Morning Consult poll shows resistance to the new measure’s most controversial provision, with half of all voters opposing allowing states to decide whether to opt-out of requiring health insurance companies to cover Americans with pre-existing conditions. It's a key offering from GOP House leadership to conservatives wary that the party’s previous Obamacare replacement didn’t go far enough in unwinding the law.
Story Continued Below
Only 38 percent of voters surveyed support allowing states to opt-out of these protections — a figure that underscores the struggle House Republicans and President Donald Trump are having in corralling votes from GOP members who represent districts that lean toward Democrats or are evenly divided.
Despite the sharp partisan divide over the bill — with some centrist Republicans joining the entire Democratic conference in opposition — there is little difference by party in the poll on state exemptions for pre-existing conditions. More voters in both parties oppose those exemptions than support them.
"Fifty-two percent of Democrats and 48 percent of Republicans oppose allowing states to opt-out of requiring insurance companies to cover pre-existing conditions," said Kyle Dropp, Morning Consult's co-founder and chief research officer. "In this polarized political climate, this is one issue where Democrats and Republicans largely agree."
In general, more voters favor federal standards for insurance than allowing states to set their own parameters for health care, the poll shows. Forty-six percent say the federal government should set a national standard of health coverage that outlines the minimum benefits all health insurance plans must provide, while 38 percent think states should be able to set their own standards. Sixteen percent are undecided on the question.
A majority of Democratic voters, 59 percent, think there should be a federal standard, along with 34 percent of Republicans and 43 percent of independents. By contrast, 51 percent of Republicans, 27 percent of Democrats and 37 percent of independents think states should be able to set their own standards.
House Republicans have struggled to wrangle 216 votes — a majority of current members — to support their measure to repeal and replace provisions of the Affordable Care Act. A number of members have expressed opposition to — or reservations about — the bill, with many of those in moderate districts citing the opt-out allowances for pre-existing conditions.
Overall, the poll shows support for the GOP’s efforts. Forty-two percent of voters approve of the proposal to repeal and replace Obamacare, the POLITICO/Morning Consult poll shows. Only 37 percent oppose the proposal, and 20 percent are undecided. (Other polls — which, unlike the POLITICO/Morning Consult survey, describe the bill as a Republican effort — have showed greater opposition to the proposal.)
Asked which party they trust more to handle health care, 42 percent of voters say they trust Democrats in Congress, while 37 percent trust Republicans.
House leaders have pushed for a vote on the measure this week, but voters surveyed want Congress to hold off until the Congressional Budget Office has time to estimate the reconfigured bill’s impact. Told the CBO is “a non-partisan federal agency that estimates how much a bill would cost the government,” 58 percent want Congress to wait for the office to score the bill, while only 16 percent say Congress doesn’t have to wait for the CBO.
After health care, the poll also points to possible headwinds for Trump’s other big legislative initiative: his initial proposal to overhaul the individual and corporate tax laws. The poll tested nine different elements of the one-page Trump plan; for eight of the nine, more voters said they should be in the bill than should not. The most popular elements? Increasing tax benefits for child-care costs (67 percent say it should be in the eventual bill), cutting the tax rate for small-business from the individual rate to 15 percent (65 percent) and doubling the standard deduction for individuals (63 percent).
The exception: cutting the corporate tax rate to 15 percent. Voters were evenly divided on the element: 37 percent want it in the bill, and 38 percent do not.
"President Trump's tax plan polls well, both overall and in terms of its individual components." said Dropp. "One area of concern for the administration is that the least popular part of the blueprint is reducing the corporate tax rate to 15 percent."
The deficit also looms as a potential stumbling block: 46 percent of voters say they would only support a tax reform bill if it didn’t increase the federal deficit, compared to 28 percent who say they would support a deficit-increasing tax bill, “as long as [it] achieved certain tax reform goals.” More than a quarter, 26 percent, are undecided. Vice President Mike Pence said this week that the new tax system could lead to deficit increases in the short term, but the Trump administration believes economic growth would lead to increased government revenues.
Voters remain divided on Trump's overall job performance: 48 percent approve of the job Trump is doing, and 46 percent disapprove.
The POLITICO/Morning Consult poll was conducted April 27-30, surveying 1,998 registered voters. The margin of error is plus or minus 2 percentage points.
Morning Consult is a nonpartisan media and technology company that provides data-driven research and insights on politics, policy and business strategy.
More details on the poll and its methodology can be found in these two documents — Toplines: http://politi.co/2pDh4hP | Crosstabs: http://politi.co/2pu25IE



ARTICLE
Donald Trump, a son of Queens, will be greeted Thursday in the city that didn't vote for him with little fanfare and official cold shoulders.
Trump's visit was never intended to be a political victory lap — he's meeting with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull aboard the U.S.S. Intrepid, a floating museum, and commemorating a World War II battle. And because of the tone of the event, local Republicans say, they aren’t planning much of a formal welcome for the first native son of New York City to reach the White House since Teddy Roosevelt.
Story Continued Below
The visit is nonetheless revealing as a first test of how the state’s mostly Democratic elected class reacts when the Republican commander-in-chief returns to town. Early indications are that they aren’t glad to see him.
“We hope this is the mother of all snubs,” State Sen. Brad Hoylman, a Democrat who represents the West Midtown area where Trump will appear, told POLITICO. “Nothing he has done thus far should give any New Yorker confidence that he’s looking out for the Big Apple — even when it comes to counterterrorism or funding for security around his penthouse — New Yorkers are getting screwed. We prefer he stay out of the city and spend his time elsewhere.”
The activist group Rise and Resist, which has held a mock funeral for the American presidency and staged a “cough in” at Trump Tower to protest The Donald, is rallying people to a subway stop a few blocks south of the USS Intrepid. The left-leaning Working Families Party expects thousands will gather at a park a few blocks to the north.
There may be other events designed to highlight the resistance: New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio is pondering one to provide a policy counterpoint to Trump, according to an adviser, and has made political hay from bashing the president during his re-election campaign. 
The state’s top elected officials largely will be absent. Congress is in session on Thursday, so both Sens. Chuck Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand will be in Washington. An aide to Attorney General Eric Schneiderman said the Democratic AG and Trump foil was unlikely to participate in any anti-Trump demonstrations, and has “been focusing on fight back against his policy agenda.”
Gov. Andrew Cuomo, who typically treads lightly when it comes to Trump, has not mentioned the visit. A spokesman did not comment on the governor’s Thursday plans.
The cool reception is a reflection of the president’s standing in his hometown. By any measure, Trump does not live among his base. He lost New York badly to Hillary Clinton: In Manhattan, he won about 10 percent of the vote compared to her 87 percent. During the Empire State’s Republican presidential primary, Trump carried the state over remaining rivals John Kasich and Ted Cruz but lost his home county to Kasich. A Siena Research Institute poll released last week found 61 percent of New York State voters surveyed — and 70 percent of city voters — view Trump unfavorably.
Still, top officials will likely restrain themselves from outright hostility, said George Arzt, a political consultant and one-time press secretary to former Mayor Ed Koch.
“No one wants to get outrageous. He is the sitting president and we desperately need financial support for a variety of programs,” Arzt said. “The governor and the mayor will be generally low-key, unless the president says something outrageous — and then they’ll respond.”
Organizers in New York’s institutional left, though, said they see Trump’s return as an opportunity to express their anger at his agenda. Protests were rare during the Obama administration — though the president visited the city frequently for events and to raise campaign cash — but already thousands have gathered for rallies against Trump’s proposed travel bans and other policies. 
On Friday, 100 people waved signs outside a Long Island courthouse where Attorney General Jeff Sessions was speaking.
“Even more so than an election, people are going to start to pay attention and it could snowball. Right now we’re on track for 3,000, but I think it will be significantly more,” said Working Families Party executive director Bill Lipton. “As he returns for the first time since the inauguration, New Yorkers are going to show up by the thousands to show our opposition to his pro-one percent, authoritarian agenda and let the world know Trump’s values are not New York values or American values.”
The plan is to meet in DeWitt Clinton Park, six blocks north of the Intrepid. Lipton and WFP organizer Amanda Johnson said a list of speakers was still being formulated. It’s unclear whether the group will march closer to the event, or whether security will permit it.
An NYPD official familiar with the preparations said there would be “demonstration areas” to let protesters be seen and heard, and that there would also be “increased attention paid to Trump Tower.” The official, who spoke on background given the sensitivity of securing the president, noted the Intrepid “by its very nature is a very secure place” because it is across the West Side Highway from the rest of the city.
Security for Trump, both as president and president-elect, has blossomed into a local political issue in the Big Apple. The NYPD spent more than $25 million on what de Blasio called the “unprecedented security challenge” of protecting Trump in the weeks after the election — when he held court in his penthouse apartment on Fifth Avenue, and where his wife and youngest son still live —and had been seeking federal reimbursement.
Schumer this weekend suggested that city officials should not provide protection if they weren’t paid, but an agreement for an omnibus spending bill to fund the federal government through fall should make the city whole.
The White House has not released details about where the president will stay during the visit, and Republican officials and operatives in New York said the president’s itinerary remains unsettled.
As late as Tuesday, there were no plans for a formal welcome: Jessica Proud, a spokeswoman for the Republican State Committee, said it was “working closely with the White House office of political affairs on logistics” and might plan a counter-demonstration. 
Top elected Republicans in the state, though, said they had no plans to see the president, and hoped he would spend his time in New York at home. New York State Senate Majority Leader John Flanagan, the state’s top elected Republican, told reporters in Albany on Monday that he wasn’t sure if he would see Trump. New York City Councilman Joe Borelli of Staten Island, a rare elected Trump supporter, said the president would return as a “triumphant hero … just like Teddy Roosevelt” but was uncertain if he would see him.
“I think Donald Trump has come to terms with the fact that there’s a small subset of America who he can never please, and the fact that they’re on the street in front of his residence on Fifth Avenue is nothing new to him,” said Michael Caputo, an Erie County-based operative who advised Trump’s campaign. “This trip is restorative, but also, it’s always amazed me that he gets up in the morning, puts on his suit after getting beaten down, and would come down the stairs with a level of confidence that candidates don’t have.”
Azi Paybarah contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump promised last year to “drain the swamp” of Washington, starting with barring people who worked on his presidential transition from lobbying for six months afterward.
But three months after Trump moved into the White House, at least nine people who worked on his transition have registered as lobbyists, highlighting holes in the president’s pledge to keep people from cashing in on government service.
Story Continued Below
Many are registered to lobby the same agencies or on the same issues they worked on during the transition, a POLITICO review of lobbying disclosures found. A former "sherpa" who helped to guide Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos through the Senate confirmation process is now registered to lobby her department. The former head of the transition's tax policy team has returned to his old company to lobby Congress on tax reform. One ex-member of the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative team is now registered as part of a team lobbying on behalf of a major steelmaker.
Because of the way the transition’s six-month lobbying ban was worded, the former staffers may not be violating it. Regardless, their trips from lobbying to government service and back run counter to Trump's campaign promise to close Washington’s revolving door. 
They also raise questions about how rigorously the White House will enforce a separate five-year lobbying ban that applies to those serving in the administration. At least two officials who briefly served in the Trump administration and then left — Michael Flynn, the former national security adviser, and Robert Wasinger, who worked in the State Department and is now a lobbyist — have said they did not sign a five-year ban. 
“This is more evidence of the ethical vacuum in the Trump White House,” said Robert Weissman, president of Public Citizen, a nonprofit government ethics watchdog. “These revolving-door-esque actions mock everything candidate Trump said about draining the swamp and ending corporate corruption and inside dealing in Washington, D.C.” 
Transition officials had presented the lobbying ban as an essential part of Trump’s pledge to drain the swamp. "The key thing for this administration is going to be that people going out of government won't be able to use that service to enrich themselves," Sean Spicer, now the White House press secretary, said when he announced the ban in November. But it hasn’t prevented former transition staffers from going to K Street within weeks of leaving.
The transition’s ethics code forbids staffers from lobbying on “a particular matter for which I had direct and substantial responsibility” while working on the transition. That means a staffer working on tax policy, for instance, might not be banned from lobbying on all tax issues — only the specific areas of tax policy for which the staffer was responsible. Those details mean it’s difficult to track whether former staffers are following the rules.
“Unless we know the division of responsibility of the particular members of the transition team, I don’t know how this would be enforced, other than voluntarily,” said Kathleen Clark, a Washington University law professor who is an expert in government ethics law. 
The White House referred questions to the transition team, which still employs a small group of people.
“We have no reason to believe nor has the Transition been presented with any evidence that any individual who signed the six-month agreement as part of his or her service with the Transition is in non-compliance,” Ken Nahigian, the transition’s executive director, said in a statement, adding that the transition is “open to receiving” any evidence that does exist.
The six-month ban appears to have been haphazardly implemented. Three former transition staffers told POLITICO they never signed a pledge. One former transition official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said there was no process in place to ensure staffers signed the document. Others determined they could go back to lobbying without violating the pledge.
Scott Mason, a former lobbyist for Lowe's who worked as director of congressional relations on the transition, wrote in an email that he never signed the ban, which he recalled had been "limited to those engaged in 'substantive' policy matters."
"While I had Hill meetings with policy staff, my role was not writing policy," said Mason, who joined Holland & Knight in January and has signed 10 clients.
Ado Machida led the transition’s policy implementation team, helping to draft the executive orders that Trump started signing after he took office. He agreed to the ban, and he said all the other transition staffers he knew of did, too.
Machida, who hadn't been registered to lobby since 2010, joined the lobbying firm Navigators Global immediately after leaving the transition. He's registered seven clients, lobbying the White House and Congress on behalf of companies such as AT&T and Oracle. 
He said he doesn't believe he's violating the lobbying ban because he didn’t develop policy for a particular agency.
At least four former transition staffers deregistered as lobbyists late last year, only to reregister as soon as they left. All of them are now registered to lobby the same agencies they served or on the same issues they worked on.
Lauren Maddox, the DeVos sherpa, reregistered as a lobbyist for the Podesta Group days after Trump was sworn into office. On Feb. 6, she signed as a client the Charlotte School of Law, a troubled for-profit law school that has been fighting for survival since the Obama administration cut off its access to federal student loans in December. The school hired Maddox and two other Podesta Group lobbyists to persuade DeVos' Education Department to restore its access to loans. 
They appear to be having some success. The school reapplied for access to federal student aid in March "at the direct suggestion" of a top Education Department official, according to a letter from the school that was obtained by POLITICO.
Maddox did not respond to requests for comment. She is also registered to lobby the Education Department on behalf of two other education-related clients, according to disclosure filings.
Other lobbyists who re-registered after exiting the transition include Jim Carter, who led the transition's tax policy team before re-registering to lobby on tax reform; Nova Daly, who worked for the transition's team at the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative before he re-registered as part of a team of people who have lobbied the agency, the White House and Congress on behalf of the steelmaker Nucor; and Tara Bradshaw, an Ernst & Young lobbyist who worked during the transition with Steven Mnuchin, now Trump's Treasury secretary. Bradshaw is now registered to lobby Congress and the Treasury Department on tax reform and health care for MetLife, according to disclosure filings. She’s also lobbying Congress for other clients on an array of other tax and financial matters.
Carter and Bradshaw did not respond to requests for comment. Daly declined an interview request but said in a statement that, despite being part of a team that has lobbied the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative, he has personally only lobbied Congress since leaving the transition. “I will continue to honor my pledge,” Daly said in the statement.
Some ex-staffers who headed to K Street appear to be working on issues that do not overlap with their transition work.
John Sweeney, a former New York congressman, worked on the transition's executive committee, pulling 15-hour days in Trump Tower interviewing hundreds of potential administration hires.
Sweeney said he was never asked to sign the lobbying ban. After his work on the transition was over, he registered to lobby the White House for three clients, including Comcast and Shell Oil Co. 
While some of the people he interviewed months ago now work in the administration, Sweeney said he hasn't had reason to reach out to any of them on behalf of his clients.
"I really have not called anybody I interviewed," Sweeney said. "I haven't had to do that."



ARTICLE
President Trump woke up Tuesday fuming at Democrats and calling for a shutdown of the federal government later this year. He went to bed Tuesday fuming at Hillary Clinton and accusing James Comey, his FBI director, of taking it easy on her -- in another extraordinary 140-character post for the commander-in-chief.
"FBI Director Comey was the best thing that ever happened to Hillary Clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad deeds!" Trump tweeted late Tuesday night. 
Story Continued Below
The posts bookmarked a second strange day for Trump and posed a number of questions: If the president accuses the FBI director publicly of letting his vanquished foe off easy, does that require a federal investigation? Was he given any evidence for the claim? What "bad deeds" was the president referring to? Will Comey, who unleashed a fury of criticisms against Clinton while not confirming an investigation into the Trump campaign until after Election Day, fire back?
Comey is scheduled to testify to the Senate Judiciary Committee on Wednesday.
Trump's comments serve as a direct rebuttal to Clinton's first extensive remarks on the campaign following her electoral loss in November. Speaking at a Women For Women International charity luncheon earlier Tuesday, Clinton attempted to give a full accounting for the reasoning behind her stunning loss.
 While she blamed herself and her campaign for the loss, she also heaped blame on Comey. The FBI director criticized Clinton for using a private email server in her basement and storing classified information improperly after a lengthy federal investigation. He later reopened a closed investigation 10 days before Election Day to sift through new emails discovered in a probe of Anthony Weiner, the disgraced congressman and the estranged husband of her top aide, Huma Abedin. 
She also blamed Russia. U.S. intelligence agencies say the foreign government was behind email hacks that damaged her campaign, and ties between the country and the Trump campaign are under investigation. 
“I was on the way to winning until a combination of Jim Comey’s letter on October 28th and Russian WikiLeaks raised doubts in the minds of people who were inclined to vote for me but got scared off," Clinton said. "And the evidence for the intervening event is, I think, compelling, persuasive.”
Clinton, in her first extensive interview since the election, seemed to taunt Trump further, noting she won the nation's popular vote by 3 million. Trump has baselessly said millions of people voted fraudulently in a bid to explain why he lost the popular vote — and the issue remains a sore subject, allies and advisers say. 
The appearance did something increasingly rare in daytime TV: It knocked the White House press briefing, which Trump watches daily as he eats lunch, off the cable networks. It was also on network TV Tuesday night, which Trump watches with his trusty TiVo as he lives in the residence alone. His advisers have tried to curb his tweeting habits -- particularly while he is watching television — but both posts came during hours not on his official schedule. 
The tweets come after a series of questionable interviews Monday for Trump, where he expressed openness to meeting with North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un, expressed admiration for Philippines strongman Rodrigo Duterte's approval ratings and wondered aloud whether the Civil War — litigated more than 150 years ago over slavery — needed to happen.
After growing angry Tuesday morning over news coverage of a budget deal his administration struck with Democrats, Trump ordered a full-fledged PR assault Tuesday. 
Then, in a Rose Garden appearance to honor the Air Force Academy football team Tuesday afternoon, Trump showed some of his frustrations. He veered into the budget deal, the teetering health care bill and his pledge to build a wall. He wasn't able to win money for the wall in the deal, though he secured more funding for defense spending. 
At a rally Saturday night in Pennsylvania, he launched an attack on the "fake news" media and delivered a stinging jeremiad against immigrants, likening them to a sick snake taken in by a woman who eventually bites and kills her. The snake eventually bites and kills her.
In recent weeks, Trump has curbed some of his most explosive Twitter feeds, after a series of early-morning posts where he claimed — without evidence — that President Barack Obama tapped his phones in Trump Tower. The tweets led to widespread ridicule but never an apology from Trump. 
It seemed unlikely Trump would have regrets about his late night post Tuesday. Ten minutes after pecking out the first post, he called the investigation into his campaign and Russia "an excuse used by the Democrats as justification for losing the election."
"Perhaps Trump just ran a great campaign?" he said.
.”



ARTICLE
House Republicans worked late into the night Tuesday on last-minute changes to their Obamacare repeal bill, as President Donald Trump began rallying support to muscle the stalled legislation across the finish line. 
Senior Capitol Hill and White House officials said a new amendment being drafted Tuesday night would address concerns from key moderates about how the legislation treats individuals with pre-existing conditions. Earlier in the day, multiple sources said House leadership floated the idea of adding additional money to high-risk pools aimed at subsidizing more expensive premiums for people with such medical conditions. 
Story Continued Below
The changes are expected to circulate Wednesday. It was not clear Tuesday night, however, if the amendment would include new funds, though one White House official indicated it would. 
The last-ditch effort comes after GOP leaders faced a major setback in their whip effort Tuesday. Former Energy and Commerce Chairman Fred Upton, who has crafted numerous repeal bills, came out against the bill amid worries about pre-existing conditions protections. And key Trump ally Rep. Billy Long (R-Mo.) similarly announced he would oppose the bill, sending leaders scrambling to stop the bleeding. 
The two high-profile defections sent shock waves through the House Tuesday. And insiders realized they could not pass the bill without vital support from influential health care wonks like Upton — or key Trump allies like Long.
GOP leaders can only afford to lose 22 votes and still pass the bill. Already about 20 lawmakers, mostly moderates concerned about the bill's impact on constituents, have said publicly they will vote "no." Even more have said they're undecided and have yet to make up their minds.
Trump is now getting personally involved in trying to pass the bill. The president made at least a dozen phone calls seeking support for the bill Tuesday. And Capitol Hill and administration officials said he will host lawmakers — including Upton and Long — at the White House on Wednesday. 
The White House is hoping changes to the bill will win over wary moderates, and they're crossing their fingers that Trump can secure an endorsement from those opponents after his meeting.
Some White House officials want a vote on the bill on Thursday, but bringing the bill to the floor will be up to Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) and Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.). Two senior White House officials said they feared members leaving for recess without voting could doom eventual passage, but many in Congress have grown frustrated with the White House's timetables.
Changes to the bill are possible in the next 24 hours, two senior officials said, but the changes "can't be that significant, or we will lose the support from the Freedom Caucus," one of these officials said. It is unclear how the group of three-dozen conservatives who rejected a previous draft of the legislation will ultimately react to the new proposal.
Whether the changes will win over enough moderates for lawmakers to lock in a majority is also unclear. Upton, for example, said on Tuesday that more money for risk pools wouldn't necessarily flip his vote. GOP insiders, however, say Upton has been invovled in crafting the new amendments.
Talks of changes to the bill began percolating on Capitol Hill Tuesday afternoon. GOP leaders had previously said the text was finalized.
“We’re tweaking, floating verbiage and stuff. We’re not changing the bill in a major way. There is some discussion to get everybody together," said Rep. Joe Barton, a Texas Republican and Freedom Caucus member. "Sometime this summer we'll put a bill on the president's desk."
Some GOP insiders are not optimistic that the new changes will finally enable the House to pass their health care alternative. Even if it does, any bill will still need Senate approval. And Senators in that chamber have made it clear that they intend to rewrite the bill completely.
Burgess Everett and Jennifer Haberkorn contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump's top White House lawyer is raising concerns about the legal ramifications of the U.S. remaining in the Paris climate change agreement, according to sources familiar with the discussions — a development that could bode ill for the campaign by several top administration advisers to remain in the landmark accord.
White House counsel Don McGahn raised the concerns during a pair of closed-door meetings over the past week, the sources told POLITICO, although they added that he has not yet made a formal recommendation to the president and his stance isn't set in stone. Trump has said he plans to make a decision in the coming weeks, in what has become a symbolic debate about how far he will push his “America First” agenda despite potential blowback from U.S. allies.
Story Continued Below
Advocates for withdrawing the U.S. from the pact argue that its terms could somehow interfere with Trump's plans to roll back the Obama administration's domestic climate regulations — even though State Department lawyers strongly argue that's not the case.
Trump’s team remains divided over the Paris deal, even after a Thursday meeting of Cabinet secretaries and other advisers and a Monday meeting of administration lawyers. Trump officials could not reach consensus at either meeting, sources said.
The 2015 agreement, which won the backing of 195 nations, achieved a major policy goal of former President Barack Obama by getting countries around the world to make non-binding pledges to rein in their greenhouse gas emissions. Making the agreement legally binding could have required Obama to submit the deal to an extremely unlikely ratification in the Senate.
Chief White House strategist Steve Bannon and EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt support withdrawing, while other advisers, including Ivanka Trump and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, are said to support remaining.
Opponents of the Paris agreement have made a two-pronged legal case for withdrawing. The first, which Pruitt has raised in recent weeks, argues that staying in the Paris deal creates a legal opening for climate advocates to use the courts to challenge Trump’s efforts to undo Obama’s climate regulations for power plants. The second suggests that the terms of the Paris agreement don’t allow any country to reduce its emissions targets.
McGahn, sources said, raised both of those arguments during the Thursday meeting, and on Monday reiterated the concern that Paris could be cited in court challenges to Trump’s efforts to kill Obama’s climate rules. McGahn’s comments shocked State Department lawyers, who strongly reject both of those contentions, the sources said.
McGahn did not respond to requests for comment. A White House spokesman disputed POLITICO’s characterization of McGahn’s comments at the meeting, but did not specify what was inaccurate.
Hard-line conservatives are pressuring Trump to withdraw, noting that he promised to "cancel" the agreement during the campaign.
Pruitt first floated the idea of legal risk to the Obama administration's carbon rule for power plants in April. Several outside groups have published memos in recent weeks pushing back on Pruitt’s contention. Daniel Bodansky, an Arizona State University law professor who served as a State Department climate coordinator at the end of the Clinton administration, said that under common legal doctrine, a court would be unlikely to take the Paris deal into account on a challenge to a domestic policy.
Meanwhile, as news of the administration’s internal debate about the Paris deal spreads, environmental groups and supporters of the agreement have taken the unusual step of publicly defending the United States’ right to weaken its climate target. The Paris agreement was written to be non-binding, they argue. And while its intent was to enable countries to create more stringent carbon reductions, there's nothing in it to prevent backsliding.
The Sierra Club, which might otherwise be expected to challenge U.S. action to lower its commitments under Paris, indicated in a recent internal memo obtained by POLITICO that it likely wouldn’t win a court challenge.
“[I]t would be extremely difficult to prevail on the merits” if the group tried to sue the administration to prevent it from weakening its domestic climate change pledge or quickly withdrawing from the deal, the memo says.
In interviews with POLITICO, international diplomats said it was ridiculous to argue that countries can’t weaken their domestic climate plans, noting that the deal was specifically written to provide flexibility to countries at the request of the United States. Obama administration officials objected to efforts to insert legally binding language requiring countries to increase their ambition over time, officials familiar with the issue said.
Instead, the text says a country “may at any time adjust its existing nationally determined contribution with a view to enhancing its level of ambition.” In the parlance of international negotiations, “may” suggests that countries have a choice. “Shall,” on the other hand, suggests a legal obligation.
European officials have had limited direct conversations with the White House over the Paris deal. But they have quietly tried to make the case that the benefits of remaining far outweigh the risks.
The officials, along with U.S. defenders of the Paris deal, worry that the international blowback of withdrawing is not getting enough attention from the White House.
“Legally and economically, the United States would be much more vulnerable outside of Paris than in," one European official told POLITICO. "Being outside a major multilateral environmental agreement like the Paris agreement leaves a country more vulnerable to trade-related measures from countries that are inside the agreement."
The official added that there would be a "very, very sharp expression of disappointment" from Europe if the United States pulls out, adding that there would be political and diplomatic fallout that would be felt at the upcoming G-7 and G-20 meetings and for many years to come.
"The U.S will once again by isolated and struggling against the pull of where the rest of the major economies want to move," the official said.
The administration could end up facing the kind of fierce criticism that President George W. Bush saw when he refused to back the Kyoto Protocol, even though the U.S. signed the agreement in 1998 when Bill Clinton was president.
Trump “will piss off every single country in the world” if he withdraws, said an international official who was closely involved in the negotiation over the text of the Paris deal. “It will haunt the administration in every aspect of its international diplomacy.”



ARTICLE
Paul Ryan has a major math problem.
The House speaker and his leadership team can lose only 22 Republicans and still pass their Obamacare repeal bill. But roughly 20 GOP members are on record in opposition, and at least another two dozen are undecided. 
Story Continued Below
The situation has gotten only uglier this week, as two leadership-aligned congressmen, Fred Upton (R-Mich.) and Billy Long (R-Mo.), came out against the plan. 
Leaders have won over all but a few members of the House Freedom Caucus and at least one big-name moderate who opposed the earlier Republican proposal. But the path to 216 votes is exceedingly thin.
Here are some of the key members to watch in the coming days to gauge whether the House can pass the bill.
The trendsetters
Want to know whether this bill will pass the House? Watch Upton. 
There are run-of-the-mill “no” votes on the GOP’s health care plan, and then there are red-alert defections that underscore the crumbling position that House leaders are in as they seek support for the legislation. Upton is one of those. 
The former Energy and Commerce Committee chairman knows health policy and previously crafted several Obamacare repeal proposals. He’s also typically allied with leadership, so his opposition to the American Health Care Act gives skittish Republicans cover to break with leadership. 
One party leader said Upton’s announcement could clinch a decision to put off a vote on the health care measure this week — and possibly forever. And a member of the House’s whip team, who currently backs the bill, told POLITICO Tuesday that he was rethinking his support as a result of Upton’s opposition.
 Long’s recently declared “no” vote was also huge. He represents one of the most conservative districts in the country and had been a steadfast ally of President Donald Trump. 
“Billy Long is a mega Trump cheerleader. For him to come out as no? I was shocked,” said Rep. Tom Rooney (R-Fla.).
The undecideds
More than two dozen lawmakers, most hailing from swing districts that Hillary Clinton carried on Election Day, say they have not made up their minds on how they will vote. 
Some of them backed earlier versions of the bill but are getting cold feet on a revision crafted by moderate Rep. Tom MacArthur (R-N.J.) and conservative Rep. Mark Meadows (R-N.C.).
Take Rep. Mike Coffman (R-Colo.). Just four weeks ago, he said he had no choice but to vote for the GOP health care plan after running on repealing Obamacare. But constituents pummeled him at a town hall in mid-April, and Coffman swore he'd never back a bill that would hurt people with pre-existing conditions. Coffman now isn't saying where he stands on the GOP's latest plan.
He has plenty of company. Rep. Elise Stefanik (R-N.Y.) has dodged questions by telling reporters to “reach out to my office” and walked out of meetings with her cellphone plastered to her ear.
Also undecided and worth keeping an eye on is Rep. Darrell Issa (R-Calif.). He won reelection last year by fewer than 1,000 votes. The make-up of his Southern California district is shifting so rapidly to the left that the multi-millionaire businessman, who enjoys a friendship with Trump, has had to rethink all his positions. 
The quiet leadership supporters
GOP leaders are banking on almost all of the undecided lawmakers to “row with the team,” as they like to say. And the reality is that a large chunk of those members will probably vote for the bill — as long as the vote is close.
Rep. Erik Paulsen, for example, rooms with Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-La.) and serves on the whip team. The Minnesota lawmaker, who backed the previous bill, now says he doesn’t know how he will vote. But insiders expect him to be there for leadership if needed.
Rep. Mike Turner is another. The Ohio Republican has said he's undecided, avoiding question from reporters. But the eight-term lawmaker wants a chairmanship, and there’s no way he would get one if he defied leadership at such a critical moment. 
Rep. Carlos Curbelo may also fall into this category. While Curbelo hails from a swing district outside Miami, he enjoys a strong working relationship with leadership. Curbelo backed part of the bill in the Ways and Means Committee and now says he will decide how to vote once leaders schedule a roll call. 
Most of the members in this camp just don’t want to say publicly they will likely vote for the bill. And in refusing to take a position, they buy themselves cover to flip to “no” if the vote goes south. 
The “hell no” moderates
A handful of moderate Republicans blasted the bill early on and made clear there was virtually nothing House leaders could do to lure them back into the fold.
They include centrist Rep. Charlie Dent (R-Pa.), who said early on that the House GOP Obamacare alternative failed to protect people in his district and harmed Medicaid recipients. Trump tried once to change Dent’s mind during a White House meeting. And when the outspoken Tuesday Group co-chairman wouldn’t budge, the president accused him personally of ruining the Republican Party. 
Rep. Leonard Lance (R-N.J.) has been adamant that he's a "no." And Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, whose Florida district is home to the largest number of Obamacare beneficiaries, made clear she was off the Trumpcare train and never reboarding.
These members represent the most centrist elements of the House GOP caucus. They and their allies come from classic swing districts, where Obamacare is more popular and constituents are less interested in supporting Trump’s agenda.
Allies of House leadership often predicted that moderate members would ultimately fold and back the bill — they’re much better team players than the hard-line conservative House Freedom Caucus, the thinking went. 
But last-minute moves to appease Freedom Caucus members irked many of these members, and the steadfast opposition from Dent, Lance and others has helped embolden them to resist pressure to cave to the White House.
The conservative holdouts
While most House Freedom Caucus members have endorsed the health care legislation, at least three hard-line conservatives are resisting. 
Freshman Rep. Andy Biggs, who recently replaced exiting Freedom Caucus founding member Matt Salmon, is the lone caucus member to say he will vote against the legislation. The Arizona Republican argues that even the amendment co-authored by Meadows, chairman of the Freedom Caucus, would keep the “framework of Obamacare in place, while taking credit for its full repeal.”
Biggs isn’t alone. Two non-Freedom Caucus conservatives have also come out against the revised draft of the health care bill. Rep. Walter Jones (R-N.C.) says he’ll oppose the measure because it hasn’t been scored by the Congressional Budget Office. And libertarian-minded Rep. Thomas Massie (R-Ky.) won’t back the bill because, well, he rarely votes for anything.



ARTICLE
The Senate on Tuesday confirmed Jay Clayton to be chairman of the SEC, infusing the stock market regulator with new leadership that will likely back away from strict enforcement on Wall Street. 
In a 61-37 vote, eight Senate Democrats and independent Angus King of Maine joined with Republicans to confirm Clayton, despite Sen. Elizabeth Warren’s pleas to her colleagues to oppose him. 
Story Continued Below
Many of Clayton’s clients at New York law firm Sullivan & Cromwell were Wall Street firms, and Warren said he will not be able to participate in enforcement cases involving these companies for the first two years of his SEC term. 
Confirming Clayton "will only certainly result in weaker enforcement against the major players on Wall Street," the Massachusetts Democrat said before the vote. 
Though Clayton has identified himself as an independent, he is expected to align himself with Republicans and steer the SEC away from an enforcement agenda that the agency has pursued since the 2008 financial crisis. 
“Republicans are going to be less aggressive on the fines, given their public statements,” said Fraser Hunter, a partner at law firm WilmerHale, who worked with Clayton at Sullivan & Cromwell. “The Republicans will be more focused on capital formation and on rulemaking that frees up capital formation.” 
Described as a low-key consensus-builder and not a bomb thrower, Clayton is not expected to be as hostile toward the regulator that he leads as some of President Donald Trump’s other picks like Scott Pruitt, head of the EPA. Still, it’s unclear what SEC issues the new chairman will emphasize first. 
"It is a distinct honor to be confirmed by the US Senate as the Chairman of the SEC," Clayton said in a statement. "I look forward to working closely with my fellow commissioners and the dedicated career staff at the SEC to serve the American public and advance the SEC’s important mission.”
The agency has a huge portfolio ranging from oversight of the stock markets to the accounting industry. Clayton’s first task will be to hire people to fill top roles at the SEC such as enforcement director. Most of the senior executives left the agency when former Chair Mary Jo White, a onetime prosecutor, stepped down in January. 
In the near term, Clayton might not be able to accomplish much that Democrats do not like. Due to the quorum rule at the SEC, three commissioners need to be present to advance rules or enforcement actions. The agency currently only has three commissioners, rather than the usual five. So, if Democrat Kara Stein is up for a fight, she can simply refuse to participate and deny Clayton a quorum. 
Down the road, Trump is likely to appoint additional SEC commissioners, and that could cause a confrontation with Democrats such as Warren. The law says the SEC can have no more than three commissioners from the same party. If Clayton is listed as an independent, then Trump could fill the SEC's two vacancies with Republican nominees. Stein’s term expires in June, though she can continue to serve until December 2018. 
Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio) called on Trump to appoint another Democrat to the SEC, "which really he is supposed to do, but hasn’t seemed to have gotten around to it.”
Warren used Clayton’s confirmation as another opportunity to accuse Trump of duplicity after he campaigned so heavily against Wall Street during the presidential race. 
"His nomination is just one more broken promise, one more time that Donald Trump has put Wall Street ahead of the interests of the American people," she said. 



ARTICLE
Here we go again. 
The White House began the week optimistic on health care. And President Donald Trump is bearing down on House Republicans, declaring again today, “I think the time is now,” for a repeal and replace bill. 
Story Continued Below
No matter. By this morning, the House GOP’s efforts to dismantle the Affordable Care Act were in a familiar place: Legislation once again bogged down by messy vote counts, uncertainty and prominent defections.
“Key GOP leadership allies are dropping their support, sending Speaker Paul Ryan and his team, as well as the Trump administration, into full-fledged damage-control mode,” POLITICO’s Rachael Bade, Kyle Cheney and John Bresnahan report. “In one sign of the their desperation, leaders agreed to consider additional changes to win more support, after telling rank-and-file members all week they were finished tweaking the bill.”
The scramble came after a pair of prominent defections: Fred Upton, a former House Energy and Commerce Committee chairman who had helped draft previous repeal efforts, said Tuesday he could not back the bill. And that came after Rep. Billy Long, a staunch supporter of President Trump from Missouri, said he couldn’t back the bill on Monday. 
The uncertainty has left the White House, once again, scrambling for a message POLITICO’s Matthew Nussbaum reports, with “ the bill’s nosediving chances of passage on Tuesday stood in contrast on to the White House’s messaging just 24 hours earlier.”
Elsewhere in Trump’s orbit: 
PUTIN ‘EM TOGETHER: The Kremlin says President Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin will meet face-to-face in July in Hamburg, Germany. The two leaders talked on the phone today and the White House left discussions about the meeting out of its readout of the call. 
TAKING LIBERTY: President Trump has invited conservative leaders to the White House for a Thursday event that is expected to include him signing a controversial and long-awaited executive order on religious liberty. 
SHUTDOWN DEFENSE: President Trump took to Twitter to argue for a government shutdown in September to achieve his goals, and the White House was left pushing that it had actually outsmarted Democrats on a bill that funds the government through September.
CLINTONIAN TRIANGULATION: Hillary Clinton said she took blame for her election loss — but also said she was “on the way” to winning until FBI Director James Comey wrote a letter to Congress and said Russian election interference contributed to her loss to to President Trump. 
ALL HANN’S ON DECK: After a big shakeup a Fox News yesterday, host and President Trump ally Sean Hannity held a rare “all hands” meeting of his show’s staff. Hannity told staff he was staying at Fox News.
SOME MANILA FACES: Until recently, President Trump could be seen in a video — even after he was sworn into office — espousing the virtues of a Trump tower in the Philippines capital of Manila. (Washington Post)
KISS AND TELL: Mike Pence says that President Trump is considering moving the U.S. embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. Trump had pledged it as a candidate, but it is diplomatically controversial.
BUST, NO: Senators rejected President Donald Trump’s call to end the filibuster. 
KUSHY GIGS: Presidential son-in-law Jared Kushner didn’t reveal his stake in a startup as well as investments and ties to Goldman Sachs, Peter Thiel and George Soros on his financial disclosure forms. (The Wall Street Journal) 
And there you have it. You’re caught up on the Trump administration. Tuesday is done.



ARTICLE
In a phone call Tuesday afternoon, President Donald Trump discussed meeting face-to-face with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Hamburg this July – a detail that was omitted from the White House’s brief readout of the call.
The news of the potential meeting on the sidelines of the G20 conference in Hamburg, the first between the two leaders since Trump took office, was provided only by the Kremlin’s readout of the call.
Story Continued Below
In their second conversation since January, Trump and Putin also discussed violence in Syria, the threat of North Korea and Middle East terrorism in what the White House characterized in its 124-word synopsis as a “very good” conversation.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who participated in the call, told reporters he didn’t keep track of how long the conversation lasted. “It was a very constructive call that the two presidents had,” Tillerson said at the State Department. “It was a very, very fulsome call, a lot of detailed exchanges. So we’ll see where we go from here.”
During his January call with the Kremlin, Trump was joined in the Oval Office by Vice President Mike Pence, chief of staff Reince Priebus, then-National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, chief strategist Steve Bannon and press secretary Sean Spicer. This time, the White House didn’t say who else huddled with Trump around the Resolute Desk as he spoke to Moscow.
The brief White House statement also didn’t mention whether Trump brought up the violence against Putin opponents in the Ukraine, the future of Syrian President Bashar Assad, anti-gay violence in Chechnya, or the alleged Russian interference in the 2016 election – all issues that German Chancellor Angela Merkel confronted Putin about earlier Tuesday in a tense face-to-face meeting in Moscow, the first time the two leaders have met in over two years.
The White House did say the call with Putin “included the discussion of safe, or de-escalation, zones to achieve lasting peace for humanitarian and many other reasons.” While the statement made no explicit mention of Assad, the White House said that Trump and Putin “agreed that the suffering in Syria has gone on for far too long and that all parties must do all they can to end the violence.”
The White House also said the administration will be sending a representative to attend cease-fire talks in Astana, Kazakhstan, on May 3 and 4. A State Department official said the United State would be represented by Stuart Jones, the acting assistant secretary for Near Eastern Affairs.
The Russian readout described the tone of the Trump call as “businesslike” and described a “constructive atmosphere” between the leaders.
Democrats immediately criticized the White House for not holding a tougher line against Putin, whose military backs the Syrian leader – whose chemical attacks on women and children in April galvanized Trump to order airstrikes against the Syrian regime.
“Instead of sending Putin a tough messaging on backing Assad’s brutal regime, Trump appears to be opting for a strategy of appeasement,” said Adrienne Watson, the deputy communications director at the Democratic National Committee. She noted that the White House readout of the call made no mention of “Russia’s abysmal record on human rights, no clear message on Assad’s future in Syria, and no condemnation of Russia’s continued aggression in Ukraine. It’s clear that ultimately, Putin is getting what he wants from Trump.”
The call came on the same day that Trump’s 2016 campaign foe, Hillary Clinton, gave her most extensive interview since the election and blamed Putin, in large part, for her loss.
"He certainly interfered in our election and it was clear he interfered to hurt me and helped my opponent," Clinton said in an interview with CNN’s Christiane Amanpour, one that briefly kicked the daily White House press briefing off two of the three cable networks. "If you chart my opponent and his campaign's statements, they quite coordinated with the goals that leader who shall remain nameless had,” Clinton said.
Nahal Toosi contributed to this report. 



ARTICLE
Where does health care stand? Don’t ask the White House.
From “convinced we’ve got the votes” to “we’re not there yet,” to the time is “now,” the White House this week has struggled to land on a consistent message on its health care bill, as House leadership tries to scrape together 216 votes. 
Story Continued Below
The 100th day of Donald Trump’s presidency has come and gone, and former President Barack Obama’s top domestic achievement, the Affordable Care Act, remains the law of the land. And Republicans’ push to repeal the law remains mired in stalemate, with mixed messages from the White House adding to the dilemma on the Hill.
“How's health care coming, folks?” Trump said at a White House event on Tuesday. “How’s it going? All right, we’re moving along? All right, I think it's time now, right? Right? They know it's time.”
About two dozen House Republicans are not so sure it’s time, complicating the White House’s second major push for the party’s years-old promise to repeal Obamacare. And the bill’s nosediving chances of passage on Tuesday stood in contrast on to the White House’s messaging just 24 hours earlier.
“This is going to be a great week,” National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn told “CBS This Morning” on Monday. “We're going to get health care down to the floor of the House. We're convinced we've got the votes.” 
“I think it will happen this week,” a less confident-sounding chief of staff Reince Priebus told the same program about an hour later.
By Monday afternoon, the talking points were already changing.
“I think the President has made it clear that he’s not instituting a timeline,” press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters a few hours later. “We’re getting closer and closer every day … But we’re not there yet.” 
The volley of conflicting predictions came after Trump threw a wrench into the process himself by telling Bloomberg that the new bill will protect those with pre-existing conditions — which it doesn’t fully, according to outside experts. That fact, which runs against promises made by Trump and Speaker Paul Ryan, has more than two dozen House Republicans wary of supporting the bill.
“I think health care reform, repealing and replacing Obamacare is just around the corner,” Vice President Mike Pence told NBC’s Chuck Todd over the weekend. 
And as for when piece of legislation might actually be signed? 
“I hope before the end of the year,” Pence said.
Gone is the gusto of the campaign trail, when repealing and replacing the Affordable Care Act seemed but a pen stroke away, with Republicans promising voters all they needed was complete control of the government. The first push to repeal the law, in March, collapsed in dramatic fashion when Ryan traveled to the White House hours before a vote was set to take place to inform Trump that the bill would fail. The two agreed to pull the bill, dodging an embarrassing defeat on the House floor.
But after initially saying he was ready to move on to other priorities, Trump quickly shifted back to health care, pushing for House passage before moving to tax reform.
After positive developments over the past week, especially the hard-line Freedom Caucus’ endorsement of the bill, the situation began to deteriorate on Monday, a point underscored by the conflicting signals coming from the White House. By Tuesday, the chances of a vote happening this week appeared to be quickly dwindling.
The House is out of session next week.



ARTICLE
The Trump administration is doing damage control as Congress inches toward passage of a massive spending deal that ducks the president's most contentious demands. 
Less than 48 hours after the funding bill’s release, White House budget chief Mick Mulvaney is forcefully working to reverse the narrative that Democrats emerged as clear victors, and President Donald Trump is touting the legislation as delivering on his core campaign promises. 
Story Continued Below
“They’re walking around trying to make it like they pulled one over fast on the president, and I just won’t stand for it,” Mulvaney said Tuesday afternoon during the daily White House press conference.
The budget director’s appearance at the White House media briefing marked his third check-in with reporters since Monday evening — a press blitz seemingly spurred by an angry president. 
According to one person familiar with Trump’s thinking, the president was furious Tuesday morning with news coverage about the spending deal and "the idea he looked like the loser.” 
Mulvaney was asked to do a last-minute media briefing Tuesday morning, after holding a call with reporters Monday night, and to clear his schedule for the 1:30 p.m. press conference, a White House official said. 
Trump instructed his aides to change the messaging around the spending bill and decided to speak about the deal during an unrelated event at the Rose Garden, in an attempt to himself alter the narrative, one White House official said. 
The president also took to Twitter to justify the Republican party’s Democratic concessions, explaining that the GOP only ceded to the minority party because Republicans lacks the requisite Senate votes to pass a spending bill without Democratic support. 
“Our country needs a good ‘shutdown’ in September to fix mess!” Trump tweeted. 
One adviser who frequently speaks to Trump said the president closely follows news coverage and tweets "when he feels like he isn't being defended." 
Asked about Trump’s shutdown threat, Mulvaney said he thinks “the president is frustrated with the fact that he negotiated in good faith with the Democrats, and they went out to try to spike the football and make him look bad.” 
While the budget director said he does not anticipate a lapse in federal funding in September, he warned that “if the Democrats aren’t going to behave any better than they have in the last couple of days, it may be inevitable.” 
Earlier Tuesday, Mulvaney accused Democrats of trying to spur a shutdown on the spending bill Congress will consider this week. 
“[Democrats] didn't get what many of them, including many in their base, wanted — they wanted a shutdown,” Mulvaney told reporters. “They wanted to make this president look like he did not know what he was doing. And he beat them on that at the very, very highest level. They were desperate to show that we were not reasonable, and we completely destroyed that narrative by negotiating this deal. This is a huge win for the president.” 
The $1 trillion funding measure both the House and Senate are expected to pass by Friday ignores the most high-profile items on the White House’s wish list, including funding for Trump’s border wall project and the proposed $18 billion in cuts to domestic programs. But after a full day of Democratic victory parades on Capitol Hill, Mulvaney trumpeted the $15 billion boost in war funding and $1.5 billion for border security as major successes for the president. 
In a speech Tuesday dedicated to honoring the Air Force Academy’s football team, Trump talked up Republicans’ “under-the-radar” victories in the spending bill — including border security. He also tried to claim a win on his long-promised border wall, arguing he could make a “down payment” and create an “unbreakable” barrier with the additional border security cash. 
“We have more money now for the border than we have gotten in 10 years,” the president said. “The Democrats didn’t tell you that. They forgot.” 
Although Democrats specifically blocked any funding for a wall along the Southern border, Mulvaney argued the additional money for border security will allow the administration to improve the “boundary” between the U.S. and Mexico.
During the White House press conference, Mulvaney stood in front of two large photos of chain-link fence being replaced with 20-foot-high steel fencing along the border. “That is not a temporary, short-term wall,” he said. 
Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly also appeared at the White House press conference, talking up the additional border security “tools” his department is set to receive under the spending bill and the fact that immigrant apprehensions have gone down significantly since Trump took office. 
The funding deal will facilitate $347 million toward the fencing replacement project, Mulvaney said, acknowledging that he does not know where the new fence will be erected or how many miles it will span.
“This stuff is going up now. Why? Because the president wants to make the country more safe,” he said. “You can call it new wall, you can call it replacement. Call it whatever you want to. The president’s priority was to secure the border.” 
During negotiations, the former South Carolina congressman faced an uphill battle to assert any of Trump’s priorities in the spending bills, which were largely written before the president was elected. The budget director’s own experience voting against spending bills further complicated negotiations, lawmakers and aides have said. 
Some Democratic leaders complained that Mulvaney kept them out of the talks, breaking the usual precedent and making calls only to GOP leaders. 
In a departure from his stance as a congressman, Mulvaney is now celebrating the inclusion of billions of dollars in extra defense money, as well as cheering the fact that Democrats did not insist on a dollar-for-dollar match in additional defense and non-defense spending. 
“We broke the parity system,” he said. “In fact, we broke it in such a way that almost defies logic that the Democrats would allow us to have such a huge win.”
Mulvaney noted that the legislation does not guarantee continued payment of Obamacare subsidies, that the $295 million in assistance for Puerto Rico comes from unexpended funding and that Democrats “didn’t get a penny” for renewable energy subsidies they sought. 
He added that the legislation funds a school choice program, that Democrats did not succeed in inserting language related to firearms and that the measure would bar federal money from being used to fund abortions, despite the fact that it does not stop the flow of cash to Planned Parenthood. 
The budget director also noted that the measure extends health care benefits for retired coal miners — a highly publicized priority for Sen. Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.).
“The president was serious about getting miner’s health protections from the very minute he got here,” Mulvaney said, adding that the president worked with Manchin. “We got it on this deal. We count that as a victory.” 
On Monday, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer told a packed room full of reporters that Democrats were “overwhelmingly” pleased with the bill and that the measure didn’t have a single “major loss” for his party. 
Schumer said congressional leaders from both parties were “closer to one another than we were to the president” and that “seven or eight” Republicans oppose Trump’s border wall outright.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump on Tuesday claimed that the government funding deal reached on Capitol Hill over the weekend includes a “down payment on the border wall,” even though the legislation specifically does not allocate money for such a wall.
At a ceremony ostensibly dedicated to honoring the Air Force Academy’s football team, Trump devoted a significant portion of his remarks to claiming policy victories in the deal reached to avert a government shutdown. Telling the crowd that his “Republican team had its own victory under the radar,” Trump claimed that Democrats had misled Americans about the nature of the funding compromise.
Story Continued Below
“We have more money now for the border than we've gotten in ten years. The Democrats didn't tell you that. They forgot. In their notes, they forgot to tell you that. With enough money to make a down payment on the border wall,” Trump said with blue-uniformed Air Force cadets standing behind him. “we're putting up a lot of new wall in certain areas. We're putting up a tremendous amount of money to fix the existing structures that we have, some of which we can keep into the future.”
“And make no mistake, we are beginning to build the wall,” he continued.
But while the funding deal does include significant funding for border security, it does not contain money for Trump’s long-promised border wall, a point over which Democrats were seemingly prepared to force a government shutdown. Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.), the Senate Appropriations Committee’s ranking member, quickly chimed in on Twitter to note that, “To be clear, there is NO funding in this bill for ANY kind of down payment on construction of a new border wall.”



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump prodded members of Congress to act on the GOP health care bill at a White House event on Tuesday, suggesting that “it’s time now” to move forward with it, even as more undecided members announce their opposition to the bill.
“How's health care coming, folks?” Trump said, addressing members of Congress he had just introduced at an event honoring members of the U.S. Air Force football team. “How’s it going? All right, we’re moving along? All right, I think it's time now, right?”
Story Continued Below
Trump, turning to the Air Force team members standing behind him, repeated, “Right? They know it's time.”
Republican leaders in the House are attempting to cobble together 216 votes to pass the revised American Health Care Act, which would repeal parts of the Affordable Care Act, Barack Obama’s signature health care reform law. 
Republicans’ first attempt to repeal Obamacare failed in March, when conservative members of the House Freedom Caucus, as well as some moderates, declined to get behind the proposal. An amendment that weakens the bill’s protections for Americans with pre-existing health conditions has gotten most of the Freedom Caucus on board, but moderates are now more hesitant, given that Obamacare's pre-existing conditions provision is among the most popular parts of the law.
The White House has been pressuring the leadership to vote on the revised measure soon, but as of Tuesday there will still real doubts that Republicans have enough support to pass it. More undecided members had come out against the bill on Monday and earlier Tuesday, but many others have yet to come down one way or the other.



ARTICLE
The congressional GOP’s protracted efforts to repeal Obamacare could exact a heavy toll on the rest of Donald Trump’s legislative agenda.
 If repeal in the House is successful, action on some of the president's top legislative priorities is expected to be pushed back to late this year or even next year, when lawmakers will be up for reelection and more reluctant to cast tough votes. The delay also threatens to sap whatever Republican momentum remains from the election, in the midst of what’s often the most prolific stretch of a new presidency.
Story Continued Below
Tax reform is the most prominent issue expected to be put on the back burner. But lawmakers haven't even begun discussing Trump's trillion-dollar infrastructure proposal. And the GOP’s long-held vow to get its appropriations process in order looks like a lost cause.
Trump, not a man known for his patience, is starting to flash frustration at the all-GOP Congress’ sluggish pace. He told Fox News last week that he’s “disappointed” that the legislative process “doesn’t go quicker”; on Sunday, the president said on CBS’ “Face the Nation” that congressional procedures, particularly those in the Senate, are “unfair.” On Tuesday he called to gut the legislative filibuster or develop a 60-vote majority to steamroll Democrats and suggested the country could use a government shutdown this fall. 
Promises from party leaders to open the Trump presidency with a legislative bonanza — repealing and replacing Obamacare, rewriting the tax code and funding Trump’s border wall all before the August recess — have given way to Republican divisions and Democratic resistance. The biggest piece of legislation so far this year is a five-month spending bill that explicitly refuses to fund Trump’s wall. 
Some Republicans are now urging party leaders to abandon the traditionally placid summer calendar in order to get moving on legislation and dozens of Senate confirmations. 
“We have nine weeks until the August break. I’ve already started a conversation: I’m not sure that we should leave for the August break,” said Sen. David Perdue (R-Ga.), a close ally of Trump. “Because I don’t see how we get this all done by” then.
Even in the best-case scenario, the calendar looks daunting.
Even if the House manages to pass its Obamacare repeal bill this week and send it to the Senate, it might take a month or more to overhaul the legislation in the more centrist chamber, according to multiple sources familiar with the process. That would almost surely delay consideration of a new budget, complicating efforts by Republicans to get the congressional spending process on track and avoid another round of shutdown brinkmanship in September.
There’s also this problem: Because of the Senate’s procedural constraints, Republicans need to dispense with health care before they move on to a new budget and tax reform. That means the timeline for the GOP’s top two priorities is sure to stretch far beyond what party leaders and Trump had in mind, unless Republicans admit defeat on health care and simply move on to taxes. 
The already-forbidding politics of passing tax reform will become only more treacherous if the issue gets pushed into an election year. Democrats are already accusing Republicans of trying to slash health care for the poor while cutting taxes for the rich.
“I want to see us pick up the pace,” said Sen. Steve Daines (R-Mont.). “I do think the Senate is not always the model of efficiency, and, in part, because the Founding Fathers designed it that way. But we can do better, and I think we need to.”
Back in January, House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) sketched out a 200-day plan that took into account the Senate’s slow pace and byzantine rules: By the end of April, Obamacare would be repealed and the tax code, as well as Trump’s border wall, would be funded by August. That’s looking less realistic with each passing day.
Technically, Republicans are still on track to pass much of their agenda along party lines using the majority-vote tool of reconciliation. The sequence: Approve a 2017 budget to unlock reconciliation to repeal Obamacare, gut the law, clear a 2018 budget to unlock the same process for tax reform, then rewrite the tax code.
It’s just that Republicans are running way, way behind. The only part they’ve completed so far is the 2017 budget, which was approved just before Trump was sworn in in January.
Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch (R-Utah), who will be at the center of Senate efforts to overhaul the tax code and replace Obamacare, said he has “major concerns” that the plodding pace on health care is hurting the timeline for taxes. Added Sen. John Thune of South Dakota, the No. 3 GOP leader: “The major ticket items are going to take a while. This is big consequential stuff. We’re not going to be able to kick it out overnight.”
“I could see this stretching out through 2017 and into the fall,” said Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn (R-Texas) of tax and health care reform, insisting even the delayed timeline has the GOP on track. 
Republicans in the two chambers are hoping to smooth the way for tax reform by discussing ideas for a potential proposal before the heavy legislative work begins. They want to avoid two dramatically different plans emerging from the House and Senate, which is almost certain to happen on Obamacare repeal if the House repeals the law this month.
In the near term, there’s little for the Senate to do beyond repealing more Obama-era regulations under the Congressional Review Act and processing more of Trump’s nominees. Those include Jay Clayton to lead the Securities and Exchange Commission; his nomination will be on the floor next week. The Senate has just one Cabinet-level official left to consider: Robert Lighthizer, the nominee to become the U.S. trade representative. 
McConnell has ordered up bipartisan legislation from his committees that could conceivably pass while Senate Republicans negotiate on Obamacare and tax reform. Assistance for small banks or a wireless broadband bill are among the options in the short term, though no final decision has been made, according to senators and aides. 
“There are a number of bills of a bipartisan nature,” said Sen. Roger Wicker (R-Miss.), who also said he wants to move promptly on an infrastructure bill. "There will be plenty of things to do.”
With so much early focus on confirming Trump’s Cabinet and Supreme Court nominees, Congress has passed little legislation into law. 
“The CRAs have been trivial. When you’re not accomplishing anything, you make a bigger deal out of nothing,” said Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.).
In addition to the high-profile policies they want to enact, Republicans are hoping to finally get the appropriations process in order by passing 12 individual spending bills by the end of September. But first, they must pass a budget document that’s sure to expose deep fault lines in the party among military hawks, fiscal conservatives and moderates over the party’s spending priorities. 
At this point, there’s little optimism that Republican-controlled Washington can pass spending bills through committees and then individually on the floor. Doing so could take months of Senate floor time. 
A newer generation of Senate Republicans, including Daines and Sen. Mike Rounds , are still eager to find ways to speed up the appropriations process, including getting rid of a procedural vote on the motion to proceed on funding bills. And Sen. Dean Heller (R-Nev.) has revived his legislation that would block lawmakers' pay if they don't pass a budget.
“We continue to go through this daily, weekly, monthly, year after year without getting anything accomplished," Heller said, "without being able to talk about those budgets that determine what’s good for our states."
Rachael Bade contributed to this report 



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump questioned why the Civil War— which erupted 150 years ago over slavery — needed to happen. He said he would be "honored" to meet with Kim Jong-Un, the violent North Korean dictator who is developing nuclear missiles and oppresses his people, under the "right circumstances."
The president floated, and backed away from, a tax on gasoline. Trump said he was "looking at" breaking up the big banks, sending the stock market sliding. He seemed to praise Philippines strongman President Rodrigo Duterte for his high approval ratings. He promised changes to the Republican health care bill, though he has seemed unsure what was in the legislation, even as his advisers whipped votes for it.
Story Continued Below
And Monday still had nine hours to go.
"It seems to be among the most bizarre recent 24 hours in American presidential history," said Douglas Brinkley, a presidential historian. "It was all just surreal disarray and a confused mental state from the president." 
The interviews — published by Bloomberg, Face the Nation and the SiriusXM radio network — seemed timed to the president's 100-day mark but contained a dizzying amount of news, even for a president who often makes news in stream-of-consciousness comments. Trump's advisers have at times tried to curb his media appearances, worried he will step on his message. "They were not helpful to us," one senior administration official said. "There was no point to do all of them."
White House officials said privately there was no broader strategy behind the interviews. GOP strategists and Capitol Hill aides were puzzled by it all. "I have no idea what they view as a successful media hit," said one senior GOP consultant with close ties to the administration. "He just seemed to go crazy today," a senior GOP aide said. 
Trump's comments questioning the need for the Civil War, aired Monday afternoon, seemed to disregard history and downplay slavery, several historians said. 
"Why couldn't that one have been worked out?" Trump told SiriusXM, praising Andrew Jackson, who he said would have stopped the war had he still been alive. 
The Civil War was largely fought over slavery and its expansion, with Southern states saying they had a right to have slaves and secede from the union. Trump has been compared to Jackson, most prominently by Stephen Bannon, his chief strategist. Trump again praised Jackson on Twitter Monday night saying he saw the war coming. Jackson died years earlier. 
"White supremacists, lost causers, states-rights activists could latch onto this,” said David Blight, a Civil War historian at Yale University. “I don’t know if Trump even knows he’s doing it. You can be too ignorant to know you’re ignorant.” 
Trump broke with longstanding precedent by telling Bloomberg he would consider a meeting with the North Korean president. The United States has no ties with North Korea and the country has repeatedly tried to fire missiles and build up a stockpile to harm the United States. Recently, the country posted video of the country sending a missile into the White House, blowing it up. 
Later in the day, Trump said "none of us are safe," mentioning North Korea. Spicer defended the president's words, crediting the dictator for "assuming power at an early age, and he led his country forward." Other advisers said the meeting would only happen if the president changed his ways, an unlikely scenario, and noted that Trump has criticized the North Korean leader. But Spicer's comments struck many as almost praising the North Korean president. 
"I would not say Kim III has moved the country forward," Jay Nordlinger, an editor at the conservative National Review wrote on Twitter. "Why is the presidential spokesman talking like this? Are we America?" 
Trump's comments on the big banks to Bloomberg would be favored by Democrats and seemed to take Wall Street officials by surprise. Stock markets immediately slid. Several people close to Trump noted he often uses the phrase “looking at" when asked about a position where he's unfamiliar or doesn't have a definitive answer he wants to give. Spicer later declined to say Trump would do it.
Trump also told Bloomberg he would consider a gas tax — a policy proposal often favored by Democrats — that drew fire from conservative groups more aligned with his agenda, like Club for Growth. The idea even seemed to even take Democrats by surprise, with Sen. Charles Schumer, the Minority Leader, declining to comment. A senior administration official said the idea of a gas tax "had not been seriously proposed by anyone in the White House." 
"He did not express support," Spicer said later, adding he was only considering the idea because industry executives asked him to do so. 
Trump surprised senior Hill Republicans later Monday by also telling Bloomberg that his proposed health law was likely to change, even as his advisers furiously tried to get votes for the current bill. Some wondered if he was just referring to the bill changing in the Senate, which is widely expected, if it passes the House. Two senior administration officials said there were no big changes coming to the House of Representatives text and that they weren't exactly sure what he was saying. Republican legislators were still seeking guidance from the White House Monday night, officials said. 
He also lauded Duterte, the leader in the Philippines, who is notorious for ruling with an iron fist, for being popular. Trump has often praised other rulers who are strong and have high approval ratings, using "famous" and "strong" as high compliments. 
"You know he's very popular in the Philippines," Trump said of Duterte, who he praised for getting rid of drugs. 
Duterte’s methods for cracking down on drugs, which have included condoning of extrajudicial killings, have drawn scorn from human rights groups and other observers of his record. 
The comments took politicians of both parties — and some of his aides — by surprise. They came after Trump had earlier surprised foreign policy experts with a "very friendly" conversation with Duterte on Saturday night, and an invitation to visit the White House. Duterte has not accepted and said he might be too busy to come.
“This is a man who has boasted publicly about killing his own citizens,” Sen. Ben Cardin, a Democrat, said. “The United States is unique in the world because our values — respect for human rights, respect for the rule of law — are our interests. Ignoring human rights will not advance U.S. interests in the Philippines or any place else. Just the opposite.”
Spicer was asked if Trump was "briefed" on Duterte's human rights record. "The president gets fully briefed," he said, not elaborating. 
Finally, Trump's mantra of "never retreat-never surrender" was revived by John Dickerson of "Face the Nation," who asked if the president stood by his claims that Obama was a "bad (or sick) guy!" for allegedly tapping his phones in Trump Tower. That claim is unsubstantiated.
"I don't stand by anything," Trump said,before adding: "I think our side's been proven very strongly." 
Later, Spicer said Trump fully stood by his comments on Obama.
Pushed by Dickerson, Trump walked away, ending the interview and going back to his desk. 
"OK it's enough," he said. "Thank you. Thank you very much." 
Matthew Nussbaum contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
So far, President Donald Trump has had a soft touch with some of the world’s hardmen. 
He’s extended a White House invitation to Filipino president Rodrigo Duterte, a leader who has defended the assassination of journalists and condoned extrajudicial killings in the name of his war on drugs, POLITICO’s Annie Karni reports. Trump has also praised North Korea’s Kim Jong Un as a “smart cookie” and congratulated Turkey’s Recep Tayyip Erdoğan on winning a referendum that allowed him to consolidate power. 
Story Continued Below
It’s a part of a style that is uniquely Trump: “Trump's warm rhetoric toward totalitarian leaders is a sharp break from the presidents before him. It’s reflective of a commander in chief naturally impressed by blunt displays of power and influence, sensitive to shows of disrespect, who is still processing his own shock victory in the 2016 election, and who has no diplomatic experience on the world stage.”
And, as with many things Trump, he is ruffling the establishment: Foreign policy hands say they are leery, at best, of Trump’s approach to the world’s authoritarian leaders. 
“We’ve always had relationships with governments that are problematic, but we hold them accountable on it and we don’t lavish them with praise this way,” said Ilan Goldenberg, a former State Department official under John Kerry who now serves as a senior fellow at the Center for a New American Security.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer described Trump’s outreach to Duterte this way: An “opportunity for us to work with countries in that region by diplomatically isolating North Korea.” 
Elsewhere in Trump’s orbit: 
LOSING ITS SHINE: Fox News’ co-president, Bill Shine, resigned today — another shake up at a network that has been largely sympathetic to Trump. 
CAREFUL COUNT: House Republicans are still not there, but inching closer on a deal to repeal and replace Obamacare. They’re suffering a few surprise defections. 
NO-KONIFIDENCE: Trump said Americans are probably not safe from a North Korean nuclear threat. 
LOOKS FAMILIAR: A new campaign ad from Trump’s reelection campaign is virtually identical to one produced by a nonprofit that supports his agenda. 
DEAL WITH IT: Congress has agreed to a spending bill that funds the government through September — averting a government shutdown. But the deal doesn’t fund some of Trump’s priorities, including a border wall or a crackdown on sanctuary cities. 
$120 MILLION FAMILY: Congress is allocating $120 million to protect the Trump family. (The New York Times)
CIVIL COMPLAINT: Trump talked about Andrew Jackson — and said he perhaps could have stopped the Civil War (Washington Examiner). Historians saw a dark underside to Trump’s remarks. 
OUT OF THE SHADOWS: Trump’s so-called shadow Cabinet is slowly breaking up, with Cabinet secretaries tired of campaign loyalists who know little of governing. White House aides are moving these aides to other departments or reassigning them. 
And there you have it. You’re caught up on the Trump administration. Monday is over.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump on Monday once again defied the history books, this time claiming that Andrew Jackson was “really angry” about the Civil War – despite having died 16 years before the first shots were fired – and puzzled why a deal wasn’t cut to avoid the war altogether.
“He was really angry that he saw with regard to the Civil War, he said, ‘There’s no reason for this,’” Trump said in a radio interview with conservative writer Salena Zito broadcast Monday.
Story Continued Below
“The Civil War, if you think about it, why? People don’t ask the question but why was there the Civil War? Why could that one not have been worked out?” Trump added.
Trump for months has riled up history buffs with a range of eyebrow-raising comments, including his claim that not many people knew Abraham Lincoln was a Republican, his apparent ignorance that famed abolitionist Frederick Douglass died many years ago, and his question about whether anyone had heard of Susan B. Anthony. 
And the fact that he didn’t seem to be aware of the extensive literature about the cause of the Civil War is now added to the list.
“It’s probably the most hotly debated issue in American history,” said historian Charles B. Dew, a professor at Williams College, who wrote a landmark 2001 book, "Apostles of Disunion," on the causes of the war.
The president's comments on Monday struck some historians as darker than a history goof, with the president seeming to minimize the painful history of slavery in the United States and to talk up Jackson’s role as a strongman leader who proudly owned many slaves.
“It’s the kind of comment that will get applause from neo-Confederate circles in the South,” said Douglas Brinkley, a presidential historian at Rice University.
Confederate flags were a common sight at Trump rallies during the 2016 campaign, and monuments to Confederate leaders are common in Southern states.
Some in Trump’s circle, including chief strategist Steve Bannon, have sought to liken Trump to Jackson, a populist. In March, Trump visited Jackson’s gravesite in Nashville, Tennessee, where he declared himself “a fan.”
“Steve Bannon has made Jackson the epitome of the hardscrabble, American folk hero,” added Brinkley. “And Trump has bought into Steve Bannon’s version of Andrew Jackson.”
On Monday night, the president tweeted: “President Andrew Jackson, who died 16 years before the Civil War started, saw it coming and was angry. Would never have let it happen!“
Jackson, who was a slaveholder, threatened to use federal military force against South Carolina when the state sought to nullify federal tariffs. He died in 1845, 16 years before the Civil War erupted at Fort Sumter. 
“What I saw in that comment was his belief, his attraction to a kind of strongman history,” said David Blight, a Civil War historian at Yale University. “It’s so completely out of any knowledge or context to suggest that somehow Jackson would have headed off the Civil War.”
The broad consensus among historians is that the secession of 11 Southern states, and the resulting war, was driven by slavery and the racial order that slavery represented. The Confederacy’s vice president, Alexander H. Stephens, said himself that the South’s “foundations are laid, its cornerstone rests, upon the great truth that the Negro is not equal to the white man; that slavery, subordination to the superior race, is his natural and moral condition.” 
The myth that the Civil War was fought over not slavery, but states’ rights, has become an article of faith for some in the South and those in the white supremacist movement. Some Southern states instituted Robert E. Lee Day, celebrating the Confederate general, to fall on the same day as Martin Luther King Jr. Day after Congress established the holiday in 1983.
To have the occupant of the Oval Office cast doubt on the historical consensus could hearten those who downplay the significance that racism had in driving the war, historians said.
On Monday, as controversy swirled around Trump’s remarks, the white supremacist and outspoken Trump supporter David Duke was tweeting about efforts by the Democratic mayor of New Orleans, Mitch Landrieu, to remove a Confederate monument.
“Confederate heritage,” Duke wrote, “is America’s heritage.” 
Democrats were quick to call out Trump for his remarks.
“President Trump doesn't understand why there was a Civil War. It's because my ancestors and millions of others were enslaved,” wrote Rep. Barbara Lee (D-Calif.) on Twitter.
Sen. Cory Booker (D-N.J.) simply tweeted a quote from the writer James Baldwin: “Ignorance, allied with power, is the most ferocious enemy justice can have.”



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump’s 2020 campaign rolled out the first ad of his reelection Monday and it looked an awful lot like the one of ads produced by the independent pro-Trump nonprofit group six weeks earlier. 
The same stock footage of a pipeline. 
Story Continued Below
The same factory worker carrying pieces of metal. 
The same closing anti-media message. 
The same finishing shot of Trump waving from Air Force One. 
“Make America Great Again,” says the text on one. “Making America Great Again,” says the text on the other. 
The ads look so similar because the same agency — Jamestown Associates — produced them both, according to a person familiar with the ads. The overlap underscores the close ties between Trump’s official campaign apparatus, which is constrained by strict $2,700 donation limits, and the pro-Trump nonprofit, which can accept undisclosed and unlimited-sized contributions.
The arrangement is legal, so long as the nonprofit, known as America First Policies, does not directly advocate Trump’s election. But watchdogs fear the blurring represents another tear in the fabric of the country’s fraying campaign finance law.
“There are rules and then there are what normal people would look at and say this shouldn’t be kosher,” said Robert Maguire, an investigator for the Center for Responsive Politics. 
While several super PACs worked hand-in-glove with candidate-specific nonprofits in 2016, it’s possible that candidate committees themselves, like Trump’s 2020 reelection committee, could do so in the future. 
In addition to Jamestown Associates, which produced ads for Trump last year, Trump’s 2016 digital director, Brad Parscale, is a senior official at both the campaign and the nonprofit. 
Trump’s campaign announced it was spending $1.5 million to air the new TV ad. The similar spot from the nonprofit did not air on television but produced only for the web. 
Meredith McGehee, the chief of policy for Issue One, a campaign finance reform group, said that the Federal Election Commission, split evenly between Democratic and Republican commissioners, is unlikely to crack down on those who stretch the limits of the law. 
“The ads make a mockery of any of the coordination rules but with this FEC there is absolutely no threat of any action,” she said. “So you can basically make up the rules on your own and nothing will ever happen. Even if you flout the law.” 
Trump’s campaign and the nonprofit did not respond to requests for comment.



ARTICLE
Congressional members didn’t just snub Donald Trump on his border wall: They also used the $1 trillion spending deal hatched over the weekend to rein in the president’s powers.
Lawmakers want the Trump administration to lay out a detailed plan to deal with the Islamic State and Syria’s Bashar Assad. So they tucked in a provision in the 1,665-page spending plan to withhold $2.5 billion in defense funds until the proposal to battle ISIS is produced.
Story Continued Below
Because Republicans and Democrats don’t want Attorney General Jeff Sessions and his Justice Department to muck around with states that allow medical marijuana, they included language in the bill barring the anti-pot attorney general from interfering with those laws.
The measure also contains three separate reminders for Trump, who did not seek congressional approval before launching missile strikes against the Syrian government last month, that he must obey the War Powers Act. That law limits his ability to send U.S. troops into combat without a congressional vote.
“It’s an assertion, I think, of Congress’ power to appropriate and to set the tone,” said Sen. Shelley Moore Capito (R-W.Va.), a member of the Appropriations Committee. “I don’t see it as a finger in the eye so much as just a reassertion of our ability to put our own imprint on what’s going on.”
Lawmakers on Capitol Hill are always eager to show the other end of Pennsylvania Avenue that they hold significant leverage, regardless of which party controls the White House. Many of the provisions at issue have been included in past measures to constrain the powers of previous administrations, including that of President Barack Obama.
But they’re taking on new significance in the Trump era and the conservative stances of its top officials.
The marijuana language, for instance, has been part of spending bills since 2014. But Sessions, a former senator, has a long record of opposition to marijuana legalization. His history on the issue triggered concern from a bipartisan group of senators that the Trump Justice Department could launch a marijuana crackdown, until the attorney general made reassurances earlier this year.
Twenty-nine states and the District of Columbia have laws green-lighting medical marijuana, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures. Advocates of the language, including Rep. Earl Blumenauer (D-Ore.), applauded its inclusion Monday, which was done over objections of some powerful GOP lawmakers.
“Yeah, I don’t like that,” said Sen. Richard Shelby of Alabama, the top Republican overseeing funding for DOJ. “The attorney general ultimately is sworn to uphold the law. I don’t see any good coming from that.”
Trump officials asked Congress last fall to punt a full-year spending measure to 2017 so the new president could leave his own imprint on spending priorities, but he notched few wins in the so-called omnibus funding bill that’s set to glide through both chambers of Congress this week. After trumpeting the need for his border wall and threatening to withhold funding for payments to insurers that stabilize the Affordable Care Act, Trump relented on both, though he did win a healthy funding boost for the military.
Despite his losses, Trump still threw his support behind the funding measure: “We’re very happy with it,” Trump told Bloomberg News in an interview Monday.
But with the other, less-noticed provisions, Congress is also asserting itself as a counterweight to the authority of the commander in chief. The omnibus funding bill strikes at Trump the most when it comes to foreign policy and national defense — an arena where he’s espoused unorthodox views outside the mainstream of both parties.
The spending bill reminds Trump that he must follow the War Powers Act if he wants to send U.S. troops further into harm’s way in Iraq and Syria. The Iraq provision says the president must follow the war powers measure before introducing U.S. armed forces “into hostilities in Iraq, into situations in Iraq where imminent involvement in hostilities is clearly indicated by the circumstances, or into Iraqi territory, airspace, or waters while equipped for combat.”
The Trump administration also must submit a report within 90 days outlining its strategy for dealing with the Assad regime. That requirement is especially relevant in the aftermath of Trump’s airstrikes in Syria last month. Trump won bipartisan praise from Congress, even as lawmakers demanded that Congress be engaged prior to any future military action against Assad.
Lawmakers are also eager to hear from the administration on how it plans to combat the Islamic State, and will withhold $2.5 billion of defense spending until it does so.
“I’m happy with the national security team, and I’m happy with what they’ve done,” Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain of Arizona said on Monday. “But I’ve said repeatedly that they need a strategy and we need to know that strategy — the Congress does.”
The funding measure also tries to force the Trump administration to take a harder line toward Russia. That’s a sensitive subject for Trump, whose presidential campaign is being investigated by the FBI over allegations it colluded with Moscow to damage Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton.
The measure allocates money to a new fund totaling at least $100 million to counter Russian influence. It will finance measures to promote good governance in areas that are coming under pressure from Russian President Vladimir Putin, according to a summary of the measure from Senate Democrats.
Vermont Sen. Patrick Leahy, the Senate Democrats’ point person on funding matters, said the new Russian-focused fund was not directly aimed at Trump. It was included in the spending bill “because we needed it,” Leahy said.
The bill also continues funding for the European Reassurance Initiative, which is designed to bolster the U.S. military presence in Eastern Europe to deter further Russian aggression toward its neighbors.
And the spending measure seeks to strengthen the Pentagon’s internal watchdog, saying federal agencies shall not prevent or impede the inspector general from accessing “records, documents, or other materials.”
The Pentagon’s inspector general last month informed Congress it was launching an investigation into Trump’s former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, who has been accused by lawmakers in both parties of failing to notify the Army he was taking income from foreign governments, as is required by law.
“Overwhelmingly, we were very pleased with the outcome on issue after issue, both on the spending side and the legislative side, the poison-pill side,” said Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer of New York. “I would not say there’s a major loss in here.”



ARTICLE
The first budget battle of the Donald Trump era is in the books. And the final spending bill looks a lot like the kind of plan that could have passed under the old regime. 
Democrats didn’t get everything they wanted, especially on efforts to stabilize Obamacare. But they used their leverage to fight off the president’s most hard-edged requests, including his wall on the southern border and dramatic domestic spending cuts. 
Story Continued Below
And even as Trump came up short, House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell were quietly grinning. The Republican leaders avoided a damaging government shutdown and notched a few under-the-radar victories along the way. 
Here are the winners and losers on a $1 trillion omnibus, which is set to be passed this week and fund the government through September. 
Winners 
Defense hawks: The bill will provide $15 billion in extra funds for the Pentagon to fight terrorism. But more noteworthy than the money is that for the first time since the 2011 Budget Control Act, Democrats didn’t insist on equal increases for defense and domestic funding. “That harmful precedent ends this week — a significant departure from the Obama years, and a big win for the new administration,” Ryan’s office said. 
Although Congress’ staunchest defense hawks, like Sens. John McCain (R-Ariz.) and Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.), didn’t end up scoring all the Pentagon money they’d hoped for, the retreat by Democrats could mean an even bigger defense budget boost later this year. 
Joe Manchin: Sen. Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.), along with Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio) and other coal-country advocates, pushed Congress to the brink of a shutdown last December by demanding a permanent extension of health insurance for retired miners. They came up short at the time, but they’re about to get their way this week. The red-state Democrats worked closely with McConnell (R-Ky.) to secure a provision to permanently extend health benefits for coal miners who worked for bankrupt companies, over the objections of conservative Republicans in the House who had pushed for another temporary patch. 
Ryan and McConnell: Republican leaders, eager to prove they could govern, wanted to avoid any hint of a shutdown showdown — and they largely succeeded. It was a delicate dance that required Ryan (R-Wis.) and McConnell to talk Trump down from a border wall funding fight while also dealing with restless Democrats, whose votes would be needed. They also could point to a few real GOP policy wins, such as additional money for the Pentagon and for border security, to keep their fractious membership largely on board. 
Joe Biden: The former vice president made a heartfelt — and bipartisan — push to boost spending for cancer research in memory of his late son, Beau, over the past year. With the help of GOP heavyweights in Congress, Biden’s cancer “moonshot” bid became part of a much broader spending blitz for medical research. The newly unveiled deal contains $2 billion for the National Institutes of Health, a figure sought by GOP appropriators like Rep. Tom Cole of Oklahoma and Sen. Roy Blunt of Missouri and twice the amount requested by former President Barack Obama. 
New York, New Jersey and Florida: A pot of $61 million is up for grabs under the bill to reimburse local law enforcement agencies that keep the peace while Trump and his family are traveling. The legislation would provide $20 million to reimburse law enforcement agencies that helped protect the president during his transition. And it would provide $41 million for protection efforts “directly and demonstrably associated with any residence of the president.” 
For Florida, that could mean potential payback for the first family’s frequent trips to Mar-a-Lago — visits that cost the local government up to $1.5 million a pop, according to the Palm Beach County Sheriff’s Office. Farther north, that could mean cash for keeping things under control at the family’s Manhattan residence and the Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, New Jersey, which is likely to be the president’s favored destination for summer escapes. 
Losers 
Trump: The then-president-elect asked GOP lawmakers to punt on funding the government last December so he could put his imprint on the federal budget. But when he finally barged into the debate, Congress largely ignored his requests — rebuffing his proposed $18 billion in cuts to domestic programs and giving him only half of the $30 billion increase in defense spending he sought. And while Trump got nearly $2 billion in new border security funds, not a penny of it will go to perhaps his biggest priority, construction of a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border. 
Mick Mulvaney: As a former congressman who routinely voted against omnibus bills, Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney had a lot to prove as Trump’s point person on spending. He put himself further out there by pushing a hard line on the president’s border wall and proposing new funding restrictions on “sanctuary cities.” His last-minute demands disrupted bipartisan negotiations for several days, and helped force lawmakers into a short-term funding extension last week. And in the end, Mulvaney didn’t win backing for either proposal. 
Obamacare: In one of their final demands in the spending talks, Democrats dug in on an Obamacare subsidy Trump had publicly threatened to cut off. They said they wouldn’t vote for any bill that didn’t provide long-term stability for the health care law, a vow they dropped after the White House vaguely promised to keep money flowing for the program outside the spending talks. But Democrats are still worried about its fate. The omnibus bill also includes a provision already in law that blocks money for an Obamacare risk corridor program, which was intended to help cushion health insurers’ losses. 
Jeff Sessions: The funding bill would block the attorney general from meddling with state-level medical marijuana laws. While that language has been inserted into every spending bill since 2014, it’s notable that it survived in the face of Attorney General Jeff Sessions. The country’s chief law enforcement officer has been clear about his opposition to legalizing marijuana since he was a senator, spurring speculation that he could lead a crackdown now that he’s attorney general. 
Anti-abortion groups: Since Trump’s election, anti-abortion groups like Susan B. Anthony List have been in a tight spot on funding negotiations. Personally assured that Planned Parenthood would be defunded through an Obamacare repeal bill, anti-abortion leaders mostly agreed to back down in the spending bill fight. But as prospects for the health care bill have ebbed, the anti-abortion movement has faced new pressure. SBA List President Marjorie Dannenfelser, who also chairs Trump’s anti-abortion coalition, called it “incredibly disappointing” that a “Republican spending bill” would agree to keep money for Planned Parenthood. 
Seung Min Kim contributed to this report. 



ARTICLE
He has extended a White House invitation to Filipino President Rodrigo Duterte, a leader who has defended the assassination of journalists and condoned extrajudicial killings in the name of his war on drugs.
In multiple interviews, President Donald Trump has also heaped praise on North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, calling him a “smart cookie,” and saying he would be “honored” to meet with him under the right circumstances.
Story Continued Below
And the president who prides himself on upending political norms called Turkey’s authoritarian president, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, to congratulate him on winning a referendum that will allow him to continue his autocratic rule over the country.
Trump's warm rhetoric toward totalitarian leaders is a sharp break from presidents before him. It’s reflective of a commander in chief naturally impressed by blunt displays of power and influence, sensitive to shows of disrespect, who is still processing his own shocking victory in the 2016 election, and who has no diplomatic experience on the world stage.
But foreign policy experts — particularly those who served in the Obama administration — said his kind words for the strongmen also carry serious repercussions for America’s standing as the leader of the free world.
“We’ve always had relationships with governments that are problematic, but we hold them accountable on it and we don’t lavish them with praise this way,” said Ilan Goldenberg, a former State Department official under John Kerry who now serves as a senior fellow at the Center for a New American Security.
“It completely undercuts our soft power, our influence and our credibility as the leader of the free world, especially when the Western alliance is under attack. The fear of complicating relationships with the United States acts as a restraint — when Trump lavishes this praise, he implies there is no restraint.”
On Monday, it was left up to Trump’s press secretary, Sean Spicer, to explain and defend the president’s apparent affections for totalitarian leaders. Spicer framed his boss’ exceptional statements of support as his method of protecting America from the nuclear threat of North Korea.
In the case of Duterte, Spicer described the invitation to visit the White House as an “opportunity for us to work with countries in that region by diplomatically isolating North Korea.” He also suggested that Trump, who has declared his own war of words against the “fake news” media, was fully briefed on Duterte’s most recent comments about how journalists are fair targets for assassination “if you’re a son of a bitch.”
“He gets briefed on a lot about what they’re doing, what they’ve done,” Spicer said. “That’s all part of the brief.”
And when it came to Kim — a leader who has launched multiple provocative ballistic missile tests since Trump took office — Spicer defended the president’s comment that he would be “honored” to meet him as simply respecting someone in power.
“He’s still a head of state,” Spicer said. “There’s still a diplomatic piece of this.”
Spicer explained why Trump is impressed by the young leader, echoing comments the president made over the weekend in an interview with CBS News’ John Dickerson. “He assumed power at a young age when his father passed away,” Spicer said of Kim. “And there was a lot of potential threats that could have come his way, and he’s obviously managed to lead a country forward, despite the obvious concerns that we and so many people have. You know, he is a young person to be leading a country with nuclear weapons.”
Trump, 70, is not a young leader himself. But he appears to feel a kinship with people who rose to positions of power despite forces of the establishment underestimating them.
He also appreciates a leader who projects the image of winning. "You know he’s very popular in the Philippines,” Trump said on Monday about Duterte to Bloomberg News. “He has a very high approval rating in the Philippines.”
When pressed on why the president insisted on praising the totalitarian leaders, Spicer said that’s simply the hand he has been dealt.
“Unfortunately, those are the neighbors,” Spicer said. “Those are the countries that can be helpful as we move forward to try to prevent the threat that [North Korea] pose[s].”
Trump’s latest string of praise for leaders with checkered human rights records echoes the repeated flattering comments he offered Russian President Vladimir Putin during the 2016 campaign. "I mean this guy has done — whether you like him or don't like him — he's doing a great job in rebuilding the image of Russia and also rebuilding Russia period," Trump said in an interview last year.
But his words carry more weight now that they come from the commander in chief.
Philippe Reines, a former top State Department official under Hillary Clinton, noted that Trump’s statements are sometimes “irredeemable.” But others, he said, are “only one word away from being perfectly fine. It’s usually the last stand-alone word and accompanying exclamation point that tips the scale. What he said about Kim Jung Un was the verbal equivalent of the bad extra word. Is it a good idea to meet with him? Most will say no, some will say why not. But that’s an honest policy disagreement. Should anyone be ‘honored’ to meet him? No, and that’s indisputable.”
For Spicer, it’s more complicated than that.
“Obviously, there’s a human rights component that goes into all of this and so it’s a balance,” Spicer went on to say. “We want to make sure that our country, our people are protected. This isn’t a simple yes-or-no kind of situation.”
He said the talk that goes on in private between the leaders “can achieve results not just for our people, but for their people.”
In the end, Spicer appealed to Trump’s image in the world as a deal-maker to explain his unusual methods. “It’s a balancing act,” he said, “but the president is getting real results.”



ARTICLE
White House press secretary Sean Spicer on Monday defended President Donald Trump's kind words for totalitarian leaders, saying the president is protecting the American people and U.S. allies through his seemingly warm relations with such men.
In an interview with CBS’ John Dickerson, Trump said North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un is “a pretty smart cookie.” The president also invited Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte to the White House. Duterte has been accused of human rights abuses, including thousands of extrajudicial killings in his war against drugs.
Story Continued Below
But Spicer on Monday defended Trump’s overtures, arguing that the president’s embrace is keeping Americans safe (Trump told Fox News’ Eric Bolling regarding North Korea, “Nobody's safe,” according to an excerpt of the interview released earlier Monday).
“Obviously, there’s a human rights component that goes into all of this and so it’s a balance. We wanna make sure that our country, our people are protected,” Spicer told reporters. “This isn’t a simple yes-or-no kinda situation.”
Echoing Trump, Spicer praised Kim from his lectern inside the White House briefing room for leading North Korea “forward.”
“He assumed power at a young age when his father passed away. And there was a lot of potential threats that could have come his way, and he’s obviously managed to lead a country forward, despite the obvious concerns that we and so many people have,” Spicer reasoned. “You know, he is a young person to be leading a country with nuclear weapons. And so that set aside, I think the president recognizes the threat that he posed and is doing everything he can to isolate that threat and to make sure we bring stability to the region.” 
As for Duterte, who called former President Barack Obama a “son of a whore” and told him to “go to hell,” Spicer suggested Trump is fully aware of the controversial leader’s human rights abuses.
“I mean, the president gets fully briefed on the leaders that he’s speaking to, obviously, but the No. 1 concern of this president is to make sure that we do everything we can to protect our people — and specifically to economically and diplomatically isolate North Korea,” he said. “And I think when you look at what he is doing in terms of building that coalition of countries in that region to do it, I think this is hopefully gonna have — I mean, I’m not gonna tell you every single thing that’s in his brief, but he’s well aware of when he speaks with a leader, he gets briefed on a lot about what they’re doing, what they’ve done. That’s all part of the brief.”



ARTICLE
White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Monday that he's not aware of any current plans for deputy assistant to the president Sebastian Gorka to leave his job, despite reports from multiple media outlets that the controversial counterterrorism adviser will be shifted out of the role in the coming weeks.
Gorka, whose hard-line stance on issues relating to terrorism and Islam have stirred debate, has been reported to be on his way out of the White House, possibly over concerns related to his lack of a security clearance. 
Story Continued Below
Asked about reports swirling around Gorka, Spicer said Monday that he had no new information regarding the adviser’s role or future at the White House.
“There’s no personnel announcement at the time,” the press secretary said. “I have no belief that he is currently leaving the White House, so there’s nothing to update you on with respect to that. And we wouldn’t comment on personnel matters at this time.”



ARTICLE
Ivanka Trump must file financial disclosures and is barred from participating in matters related to the Trump family business because of her White House role, the Office of Government Ethics said in a letter released Monday.
Democratic Sens. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts and Tom Carper of Delaware requested information about ethics rules the first daughter must follow. At the time, Trump had secured a West Wing office space and was in the process of gaining a security clearance and government-issued communications devices, though she did not yet hold a formal position in the White House. 
Story Continued Below
Her attorney had said Trump would adhere to the same ethics and records-retention rules that apply to government employees, so the senators asked in their March 29 letter how the ethics watchdog would ensure she did so. Ivanka Trump has since become an unpaid assistant to her father, President Donald Trump, though she has not filed paperwork with OGE about that move.
OGE Director Walter Shaub Jr. said in his reply, which was dated April 25 but released Monday by the senators, that Ivanka Trump must file disclosures within 30 days of her appointment about her financial interests and those of husband Jared Kushner and their children. The White House can grant two extensions up to 45 days each. She must also file periodic transaction reports, an annual financial disclosure report and a termination disclosure report.
Shaub said conflict of interest rules bar senior White House appointees “from participating personally and substantially in particular matters directly and predictably affecting their financial interests.” Staff members generally avoid those issues by recusing themselves from certain issues, Shaub said. OGE will review Trump’s disclosures after the White House files them.
“After the report is revised, OGE seeks information about how the White House is addressing any potential conflicts of interest identified during the review process,” Shaub said. “OGE then makes a determination regarding apparent compliance with financial disclosure and conflict of interest rules and either certifies or declines to certify the financial disclosure report.”
He said the White House must provide ethics training and make sure Trump complies with rules to avoid conflicts.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump said Monday he is “looking at” breaking up the largest Wall Street banks. 
“I’m looking at that right now,” Trump told Bloomberg News. “There’s some people that want to go back to the old system, right? So we’re going to look at that.”
Story Continued Below
During the campaign, Trump said he supported bringing back a version of the 1933 Glass-Steagall law, which prohibited banks from doing both consumer lending and investment banking. 
A bipartisan group of senators, led by Democrat Elizabeth Warren and Republican John McCain, has called for a revival of the law. Wall Street opposes such a move, which would go beyond the regulations imposed by the 2010 Dodd-Frank law.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump’s message to Americans worried about escalating tensions with North Korea: They "probably" aren’t safe, he said in an interview set to air later on Monday.
“Nobody's safe,” Trump told Fox News’ Eric Bolling, who asked him about the defense systems the United States has in place, according to an excerpt released by the network. “I mean, who's safe? The guy's got nuclear weapons.” 
Story Continued Below
“I'd like to say they're very safe,” he continued. “These are great brave soldiers, these are great brave troops and they know the situation. We have 28,000 troops on the line and they're right there. And so nobody's safe. We're probably not safe over here. If he gets the long-range missiles, we're not safe either.”
Instead of seeking to reassure people alarmed by North Korea’s attempts to grow its nuclear capabilities, Trump has warned about the potential for conflict with the reclusive country multiple times. He told Reuters last week that “there is a chance that we could end up having a major, major conflict with North Korea, absolutely.”
Trump also told Bloomberg News on Monday that he would be willing and even “honored” to meet with Kim Jong Un, the authoritarian leader of North Korea, “under the right circumstances.” 
“If it would be appropriate for me to meet with him, I would absolutely, I would be honored to do it,” Trump said. “If it’s under the, again, under the right circumstances. But I would do that.”
“Most political people would never say that,” he added, “but I’m telling you under the right circumstances I would meet with him.”
The United States does not have diplomatic relations with North Korea, but as a candidate, Trump also said he would be willing to meet with him.
Trump’s chief of staff, Reince Priebus, sounded a different note in an interview with CBS on Monday, saying that he could not see Trump meeting with Kim “right now.”
“Probably not...I don't see that happening,” he said. “We're going to need a lot of cooperation among the region and our leaders around the world in order to get this person under control.”



ARTICLE
Rodrigo Duterte, the Philippine president accused of human rights abuses including thousands of extrajudicial killings in his war against drugs, has not accepted President Donald Trump’s controversial invitation to visit the White House, he told reporters Monday.
Trump is facing criticism for inviting Duterte, who is widely regarded as an authoritarian, in what the White House described as a “friendly” call between the two leaders this past weekend. Human rights advocates argue that hosting Duterte at the White House would be condoning his violent drug crackdown.
Story Continued Below
Trump defended extending the invitation in an interview Monday with Bloomberg News, saying that "the Philippines is very important to me strategically and militarily." 
The Associated Press, meanwhile, reported that Duterte said he would not commit to taking up Trump’s invitation because he is already slated to travel to Israel and Russia, as well as other countries.
“I’m tied up,” he said, according to the AP. “I cannot make any definite promise.”
Robespierre Bolivar, the Philippine foreign ministry spokesman, said Duterte would accept a formal letter of invitation, according to Reuters.
Trump told Bloomberg on Monday that there shouldn't be a problem with Duterte coming to the White House.
“I look forward to meeting him," Trump said. "If he comes to the White House that’s fine.”
Trump also acknowledged that Duterte has been "very, very tough on that drug problem," but said the leader "has a massive drug problem" and reiterated his support of him by commenting on his popularity in the country.
"You know he’s very popular in the Philippines,” Trump said. “He has a very high approval rating in the Philippines.”
Critics of the Duterte call say they are more broadly alarmed by Trump’s apparent willingness to embrace foreign authoritarians. 
In April, Trump hosted Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, the military ruler of Egypt often described as a dictator, in the White House; he also called Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan to congratulate him on the contested results of a referendum that consolidated his powers in a way experts say undermines the country’s democratic institutions. 
Trump’s chief of staff, Reince Priebus, also defended Trump’s invitation to Duterte in an interview with ABC on Sunday, describing such a meeting as necessary to work together to address North Korea.
“It doesn't mean that human rights don't matter, but what it does mean is that the issues facing us developing out of North Korea are so serious that we need cooperation at some level with as many partners in the area as we can get to make sure we have our ducks in a row,” Priebus said.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump was interviewed by John Dickerson, host of CBS News' "Face the Nation," on Saturday in Pennsylvania and was aired on Sunday morning.
JOHN DICKERSON: Mr. President, you and the administration said to North Korea, "Don't test a missile." They have tested a missile. Is the pressure not working?
Story Continued Below
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP: Well, I didn't say, "Don't test a missile." He's going to have to do what he has to do. But he understands we're not going to be very happy. And I will tell you, a man that I've gotten to like and respect, the president of China, President Xi, I believe, has been putting pressure on him also. But so far, perhaps nothing's happened and perhaps it has. This was a small missile. This was not a big missile. This was not a nuclear test, which he was expected to do three days ago. We'll see what happens.
DICKERSON: You say, "Not happy." What does that mean?
TRUMP: I would not be happy. If he does a nuclear test, I will not be happy. And I can tell you also, I don't believe that the president of China, who is a very respected man, will be happy either.
DICKERSON: Not happy mean military action?
TRUMP: I don't know. I mean, we'll see.
DICKERSON: The Chinese, our allies, have been allies with North Korea. How are you sure that they're not using this as a way to test you?
TRUMP: You can never be sure of anything, can you? But I developed a very good relationship. I don't think they want to see a destabilized North Korea. I don't think they want to see it. They certainly don't want to see nuclear on -- from their neighbor. They haven't liked it for a long time. But we'll have to see what happens.
The relationship I have with China, it's been already acclaimed as being something very special, something very different than we've ever had. But again, you know, we'll find out whether or not President Xi is able to affect change.
DICKERSON: Why do--
TRUMP: I hope he is.
DICKERSON: Why do these missiles keep blowing up?
TRUMP: Well, I'd rather not discuss it. But perhaps they're just not very good missiles. But eventually, he'll have good missiles.
DICKERSON: You don't want to discuss it because maybe we have something to do with it?
TRUMP: I just don't want to discuss it. And I think you know me very well, where you've asked me many times over the last couple of years about military. I said, "We shouldn't be announcing we're going into Mosul." I said, "We shouldn't be announcing all our moves." It is a chess game. I just don't want people to know what my thinking is. So eventually, he will have a better delivery system. And if that happens, we can't allow it to happen.
DICKERSON: What do you make of the North Korean leader?
TRUMP: I have -- I really, you know, have no comment on him. People are saying, "Is he sane?" I have no idea. I can tell you this, and a lot of people don't like when I say it, but he was a young man of 26 or 27 when he took over from his father, when his father died. He's dealing with obviously very tough people, in particular the generals and others.
And at a very young age, he was able to assume power. A lot of people, I'm sure, tried to take that power away, whether it was his uncle or anybody else. And he was able to do it. So obviously, he's a pretty smart cookie. But we have a situation that we just cannot let -- we cannot let what's been going on for a long period of years continue. And frankly, this should've been done and taken care of by the Obama administration. Should've been taken care of by the Bush administration. Should've been taken care of by Clinton.
DICKERSON: Let me ask you a question about the presidency. George W. Bush said this about being president. He said, "You think one thing going in, and then the pressures of the job or the realities of the world are different than you thought." Do you agree?
TRUMP: I think I can agree with that. I love doing it. I'm, you know, thoroughly enjoying it. It's always a challenge, like life itself is a challenge. But it's something that I really love and I think I've done a very good job at it.
DICKERSON: You said in an interview with Reuters that you thought it would be easier. Why?
TRUMP: Well, it's a tough job. But I've had a lot of tough jobs. I've had things that were tougher, although I'll let you know that better at the end of eight years. Perhaps eight years. Hopefully, eight years. But I'll let you know later on. I think we've done very well with foreign policy. I think we've done very, very well with relationships with other leaders.
I think we're doing great on trade deals. It's set. And I think we're doing well. I mean, our country is being out-traded at every single point. We're losing tremendous amounts of money on trade. And I think actually, I've been very consistent. You know, it's very funny when the fake media goes out, you know, which we call the mainstream media which sometimes, I must say, is you.
DICKERSON: You mean me personally or?
TRUMP: Well, your show. I love your show. I call it Deface the Nation. But, you know, your show is sometimes not exactly correct. But when they talk about currency manipulation, and I did say I would call China, if they were, a currency manipulator, early in my tenure. And then I get there. Number one, they -- as soon as I got elected, they stopped. They're not -- it's not going down anymore, their currency.
DICKERSON: But that had been true before. That had been true--
TRUMP: No.
DICKERSON: --during the campaign, sir.
TRUMP: No, not true to the extent that we're talking about. Much more important than that, as to when, but, you know, it did stop. And I was talking about it all during the campaign. And I would say that I was the one that got them to stop. But forget that.
DICKERSON: You were the one who got China--
TRUMP: He is working with us--
DICKERSON: --to stop manipulating their currency?
TRUMP: I think so, during the campaign I talked about.
DICKERSON: Even if they were doing it before?
TRUMP: No, they were doing it before. I mean, there was no question. I mean, they were absolute currency manipulators before. But somebody said, "Oh, you didn't call him a currency manipulator." Now, you and I are just talking about how he's working -- I believe that President Xi is working to try and resolve a very big problem, for China also.
And that's North Korea. Can you imagine if I say, "Hey, by the way, how are you doing with North Korea? Also, we're going to announce that you're a currency manipulator tomorrow." So the mainstream media never talks about that. They never say that. And that's, you know, unfortunate. It's just--
DICKERSON: Let me--
TRUMP: --it's just one of many things, John.
DICKERSON: You're a negotiator. If you need something from somebody, you need China to help you with North Korea, doesn't that send a message to China, "We're not going to bug you about human rights, about intellectual property. In the South China Sea we're not going to put too much heat on you"? Aren't you breaking one of your own negotiating rules?
TRUMP: No. I think that, frankly, North Korea is maybe more important than trade. Trade is very important. But massive warfare with millions, potentially millions of people being killed? That, as we would say, trumps trade.
DICKERSON: Let me ask you--
TRUMP: Okay? You understand what I'm saying. And if I can use trade as a method to get China, because I happen to think that China does have reasonably good powers over North Korea. Now, maybe not, you know, ultimate, but pretty good powers. Now, if China can help us with North Korea and can solve that problem--
DICKERSON: Let me ask--
TRUMP: --that's worth making not as good a trade deal for the United States, excuse me, right?
DICKERSON: What do you know now on day 100 that you wish you knew on day one of the presidency?
TRUMP: Well, one of the things that I've learned is how dishonest the media is, really. I've done things that are I think very good. I've set great foundations with foreign leaders. We have you know -- NAFTA, as you know, I was going to terminate it, but I got a very nice call from a man I like, the president of Mexico.
I got a very nice call from Justin Trudeau, the prime minister of Canada. And they said please would you rather than terminating NAFTA -- I was all set to do it. In fact, I was going to do it today. I was going to do as we're sitting here. I would've had to delay you. I was going to do it today. I was going to terminate NAFTA. But they called up and they said, "Would you negotiate?" And I said, "Yes, I will negotiate."
DICKERSON: That's all you've learned, about the media? You knew from the campaign about the media. You said it all the time --
TRUMP: No, no, but the media didn't cover it that way. The media said, oh, I didn't terminate NAFTA.
DICKERSON: So--
TRUMP: First of all, if you look at my statements, I said--
DICKERSON: No, no, I meant--
TRUMP: "If I'm not able to renegotiate NAFTA, I will terminate NAFTA." Well, I'll make that statement right now.
DICKERSON: Here's a question.
TRUMP: If I'm not able to renegotiate NAFTA, we will terminate NAFTA.
DICKERSON: Let's step back a minute.
TRUMP: Okay.
DICKERSON: Presidents have to learn how to adapt. Every president comes into the job, it's different than they expect, they must adapt. Surely, you've learned something else other than that the media is dishonest.
TRUMP: No, no, I'm just saying--
DICKERSON: And how do you adapt?
TRUMP: --it was one of my disappointments.
DICKERSON: Give me another thing you learned that you're going to adapt and change because all presidents have to at this stage.
TRUMP: Well, I think things generally tend to go a little bit slower than you'd like them to go.
DICKERSON: Why?
TRUMP: Just a system. It's just a very, very bureaucratic system. I think the rules in Congress and in particular the rules in the Senate are unbelievably archaic and slow moving. And in many cases, unfair. In many cases, you're forced to make deals that are not the deal you'd make. You'd make a much different kind of a deal.
You're forced into situations that you hate to be forced into. I also learned, and this is very sad, because we have a country that we have to take care of. The Democrats have been totally obstructionist. Chuck Schumer has turned out to be a bad leader. He's a bad leader for the country. And the Democrats are extremely obstructionist.
All they do is obstruct. All they do is delay. Even our Supreme Court justice, as you know, who I think is going to be outstanding, Justice Gorsuch. I think that it was disgraceful the way they handled that. But, you know, I still have people, I'm waiting for them to be approved. Our chief trade negotiator. We can't get these people through.
DICKERSON: I want to get to—
TRUMP: They are obstructionists. And you know what that's hurting? It's hurting the country.
DICKERSON: Let me ask you about health care -- Tucker Carlson interviewed you about six weeks ago when you were in the middle of health care negotiations. And you agreed with him that the health care bill wasn't going to help your supporters. That those who lived in rural areas, the older, were going to get hurt by that bill. And you told him--
TRUMP: Excuse me, the health care bill is going to help my supporters.
DICKERSON: Well, hold on. Let me just finish the question, if I may, sir--
TRUMP: Otherwise, I'm not going to sign it. I'm not going to do it.
DICKERSON: Well, this is why I wanted to ask you. You said to Tucker, "We will take care of our people, or I am not signing it." You said you were going to negotiate.
TRUMP: Well, that's what I just said.
DICKERSON: So tell me what in the bill you've been negotiating to get--
TRUMP: But let me--
DICKERSON: --in that helps your supporters. I'm just trying to get the details of how your people--
TRUMP: Let me just tell you.
DICKERSON: --will be helped.
TRUMP: Pre-existing conditions are in the bill. And I just watched another network than yours, and they were saying, "Pre-existing is not covered." Pre-existing conditions are in the bill. And I mandate it. I said, "Has to be."
DICKERSON: So--
TRUMP: We have, we're going to have lower premiums. And before you start there, let me just tell you something. Obamacare is dead. Obamacare right now, all the insurance companies are fleeing. Places like Tennessee have already lost half of their state with the insurance companies. They're all going. Obamacare, John, is dead. Okay, because we're being -- we're being compared to Obamacare. Just, so. Obamacare doesn't work--
DICKERSON: I just want to compare you to your own.
TRUMP: One thing. No, no, it's important. I've got to compare it.
DICKERSON: No, no, but I want--
TRUMP: But you were saying about Obamacare.
DICKERSON: No, but I'm not. I'm asking what--
TRUMP: With Obamacare--
DICKERSON: --you're going to do.
TRUMP: --the premiums are too high. The deductibles are through the roof, so you never get to use it. But more importantly, it's dead.
DICKERSON: So but in the bill, as it was analyzed, there were two problems. One, and you talked about this with Congressman Robert Aderholt, who brought you the example of the 64-year-old who under Obamacare the premiums--
TRUMP: But that was a long time ago, John.
DICKERSON: But has that been fixed?
TRUMP: Totally fixed.
DICKERSON: How?
TRUMP: How? We've made many changes to the bill. You know, this bill is--
DICKERSON: What kind though?
TRUMP: --very much different than it was three weeks ago.
DICKERSON: Help us explain because there are people--
TRUMP: The bill--
DICKERSON: --out there wondering what kind of changes.
TRUMP: Let me explain. Let me explain it to you.
DICKERSON: Okay.
TRUMP: This bill is much different than it was a little while ago, okay? This bill has evolved. And we didn't have a failure on the bill. You know, it was reported like a failure. Now, the one thing I wouldn't have done again is put a timeline. That's why on the second iteration, I didn't put a timeline.
But we have now pre-existing conditions in the bill. We have -- we've set up a pool for the pre-existing conditions so that the premiums can be allowed to fall. We're taking across all of the borders or the lines so that insurance companies can compete--
DICKERSON: But that's not in-- TRUMP: --nationwide.
DICKERSON: --this bill. The borders are not in--
TRUMP: Of course, it's in.
DICKERSON: --this bill. It's in that third bill, right, because--
TRUMP: It's in the second phase.
DICKERSON: Okay.
TRUMP: It's called phase one, phase two. And that's, in effect, second phase, which will get approved, which will quickly get approved.
DICKERSON: Let me--
TRUMP: But let me just explain something. There will be such competition. Right now, there's no competition. There will be such competition by insurance companies so that they can get health care and the people taking care of health care.
DICKERSON: So--
TRUMP: The other thing we're going to have is groups. Groups of people can negotiate. What's going to happen is the competition is going to drive down the premiums. In my opinion, much, much more than people understand.
DICKERSON: So what you've just described is the bill that you previously had said you worried wouldn't help your people. And here's why I ask. You said, "Pre-existing conditions."
TRUMP: No, there were things in the other bill, the first version, which were not as good.
DICKERSON: Okay.
TRUMP: But when I watch some of the news reports, which are so unfair, and they say we don't cover pre-existing conditions, we cover it beautifully.
DICKERSON: Although--
TRUMP: I'll tell you who doesn't cover pre-existing conditions. Obamacare. You know why? It's dead.
DICKERSON: In one of the fixes that was--
TRUMP: It's not going to be here.
DICKERSON: In one of the fixes it was discussed pre-existing was optional for the states--
TRUMP: Sure, in one of the fixes. And they're changing it--
DICKERSON: --oh, okay. So it'll--
TRUMP: --and changing.
DICKERSON: --be permanent?
TRUMP: Of course.
DICKERSON: Okay. Well, that's a development, sir. So you're saying it's going to be pre-existing to everybody?
TRUMP: John, this has evolved over a period of three or four weeks. Now, we really have a good bill. I think they could have voted on Friday. I said, "Just relax. Don't worry about this phony 100 day thing. Just relax. Take it easy. Take your time. Get the good vote and make it perfect."
JOHN DICKERSON: Just to--
TRUMP: Most importantly, we're going to drive down premiums. We're going to drive down deductibles because right now, deductibles are so high, you never -- unless you're going to die a long, hard death, you never can get to use your health care--
DICKERSON: Let me ask you something--
TRUMP: --because the deductibles are so high.
DICKERSON: Okay. So what I hear you saying is pre-existing is going to be in there for everybody, it's not going to be up to the states?
TRUMP: Pre-existing is going to be in there and we're also--
DICKERSON: And it's not up to the states?
TRUMP: --going to create pools.
DICKERSON: Okay.
TRUMP: And pools are going to take care of the pre-existing.
DICKERSON: But on that crucial question, it's not going to be left up to the states? Everybody gets pre-existing, no matter where they live?
TRUMP: No, but the states--
DICKERSON: Guaranteed?
TRUMP: --are also going to have a lot to do with it because we ultimately want to get it back down to the states.
DICKERSON: Okay. Is it a guarantee?
TRUMP: Look, because if you hurt your knee, honestly, I'd rather have the federal government focused on North Korea, focused on other things, than your knee, okay? Or than your back, as important as your back is. I would much rather see the federal government focused on other things--
DICKERSON: Let me.
TRUMP: --bigger things. Now, the state is going to be in a much better position to take care, because it's smaller.
DICKERSON: People out there with pre-existing conditions, they are worried. Are they going to have the guarantee of coverage if they have a pre-existing condition or if they live in a state where the governor decides that's not a part of the health care, or that the prices are going to go up? That's the worry. The American Medical Association says--
TRUMP: We actually--
DICKERSON: --it could effectively make coverage completely unaffordable for people.
TRUMP: --we actually have, well, forget about unaffordable. What's unaffordable is Obamacare, John.
DICKERSON: So I'm not hearing you, Mr. President, say there's a guarantee of pre-existing conditions.
TRUMP: We actually have -- we actually have a clause that guarantees.
DICKERSON: Okay, excellent. We got there.
TRUMP: We have a specific clause--
DICKERSON: Let me ask you--
TRUMP: --that guarantees.
DICKERSON: --about your tax plan.
TRUMP: Go ahead.
DICKERSON: Tax plan came out this week. It's got some big deficit numbers. You've said that's going to be made up by growth. Congressional--
TRUMP: Well, not only growth. It's going to be made up by better trade deals. It's going to be made up--
DICKERSON: Let me.
TRUMP: --by many different, reciprocal tax. As an example, we have countries where if we make a product and we send it to that country, they charge us 100% tax. If they make the same product and send it to us, we charge them nothing. You think that's smart? It's not.
DICKERSON: Look--
TRUMP: We're going to come up with reciprocal taxes and lots of other things on those countries. But I view that more in trade. We're also going to fix all of our trade deals. We're going to have a very wealthy country again.
DICKERSON: Let me ask you this, Mr. President. Congress may not go along with--
TRUMP: Always.
DICKERSON: --so they're going to try and find some spending. Let me ask you about the question of Medicare. They're going to want, in Congress, to make up on the spending side, to change Medicare. Will you allow that?
TRUMP: You're not going to have to do it.
DICKERSON: But, sir, will you allow it?
TRUMP: You're not going to have to do it. I'm just telling you we are--
DICKERSON: Does President Donald Trump want them not to do that?
TRUMP: I would much prefer them not to do that, that's right.
DICKERSON: It sounds as if, having covered you in the campaign, it sounds like you're leaving the door open. On the campaign, you were quite clear. You said, "I'm the guy who's not going to touch Medicare."
TRUMP: Okay, then let me more clear. I'm not going to touch it, because I said it. Now, waste, fraud and abuse, I'm going to touch. If there's something in Medicare that's been abused, I will touch that. There are certain things, as you know, that have been absolutely abused. There are certain provisions in Medicare that are horrible and abusive and there's been terrible things happening. So that kind of stuff, I will absolutely touch.
DICKERSON: So if I--
TRUMP: But the concept of Medicare, I'm not touching.
DICKERSON: For me, if I have it now, or if I'm going to have it in the future, it's not getting cut?
TRUMP: Waste, fraud and abuse.
DICKERSON: And that's it?
TRUMP: And if there are things within Medicare that are being abused, I will touch that also.
DICKERSON: Other than that, it's tightened up?
TRUMP: That's right. That's what it is. But here's what we do. We're going to grow. The numbers just came out for Obama's last year. 1.6 GDP. That means nothing. That's, like, 1% GDP. So I have gotten to know as you know, I really get along with a lot of other countries. So I talk to the heads of countries. "How are you doing?" "Not well, not well." "Why?" "GDP is 8%. GDP is 9%. We are doing poorly." GDP -- Our GDP is, like, 1%. DICKERSON: Let me ask you about your tax returns, sir. When your Treasury secretary was asked about whether you were going to release them, Secretary Mnuchin said, "The president has no intention." Is that right?
TRUMP: Well, I never spoke to him about it. Honestly, he's never asked me about it. I said, number one, I'm under audit. Right now, I'm under audit. After the audit is complete. It's a routine audit, but I have a very big tax return. You've seen the pictures. My tax return is probably higher than that from the floor. When you look at other people's tax return, even other wealthy people, their tax return is this big. My tax return is this high.
DICKERSON: I just wanted to make sure--
TRUMP: I'm under routine--
DICKERSON: --you weren't changing.
TRUMP: --audit. And I think it's a very unfair thing because I have been under audit almost, like, since I became famous, okay?
DICKERSON: Have you--
TRUMP: Not just political. I mean, I have been under audit, I'll bet you 12 or 13 or 14 years in a row. Now, I have friends that are wealthy people.
DICKERSON: Let me ask you--
TRUMP: They've never been audited.
DICKERSON: You--
TRUMP: And I think it's very unfair.
DICKERSON: You first said that you were under audit, were going to wait till that was done, about 14 months ago. That seems like a long time. When do you think this might happen? Are you asking them?
TRUMP: It could happen soon. I don't know. I mean, I think--
DICKERSON: When? Give me a sense of--
TRUMP: --it's pretty routine, to be honest with you. But then I'll make a decision.
DICKERSON: A member of Congress suggested that a condition for getting tax reform would be releasing your tax returns. What do you think about that?
TRUMP: Oh, I don't know who did that. I mean, I don't care who did that. These are the people, you know, the great obstructionists.
DICKERSON: So you're not buying that deal.
TRUMP: Look where they are. Look where the Democrats have ended up. Hey, John, they had everything going. Now they don't have the presidency, they don't have the House, they don't have the Senate, and Schumer's going around making a fool out of himself.
DICKERSON: You said yesterday on FOX that Russia is a phony story. Which part of it is phony?
TRUMP: The concept of Russia with respect to us is a total phony story.
DICKERSON: Meaning the Trump campaign?
TRUMP: Of course, it's a total phony story. In fact, I just heard where General Flynn got his clearance from the Obama administration.
DICKERSON: But you don't mean--
TRUMP: Excuse me. I didn't realize this, when he went to Russia, it was 2015 and he was on the Obama clearance. When General Flynn came to us, as you now know, he already had the highest clearance you can have. I think the same clearance as the president of the United States would have. He had this really high clearance. And, by the way, they're so devastated because this only came up two days ago.
DICKERSON: Let me ask you this, sir.
TRUMP: Why wasn't this reported months ago?
DICKERSON: I--
TRUMP: But I watched one of your other competitors, and they were devastated--
DICKERSON: Look--
TRUMP: --by this news, because you know what? That kills them. That's the end of that subject.
DICKERSON: You don't think it's phony that they, the Russians, tried to meddle in the election? You believe that?
TRUMP: That, I don't know. I don't know.
DICKERSON: That you don't know or you do know?
TRUMP: Well, I have a problem. You have Podesta, who, by the way, I understand has a company with his brother in Russia. Hillary's husband makes speeches in Russia. Hillary did a uranium deal with Russia. Nobody ever talks about that. But I don't know--
DICKERSON: You don't--
TRUMP: --because the F.B.I. was not allowed by Podesta to go in and check all of the records on their servers and everything else that you would normally have to check. That's number one.
Number two, knowing something about hacking, if you don't catch a hacker, okay, in the act, it's very hard to say who did the hacking. With that being said, I'll go along with Russia. Could've been China, could've been a lot of different groups.
DICKERSON: So President Donald Trump is ambivalent-- TRUMP: But it could've--
DICKERSON: --about or not ambivalent, you're not just not sure?
TRUMP: No. We have to find out what happened. I'd love to find out what happened.
DICKERSON: But you don't think it's the Russians--
TRUMP: I can tell you one thing. Had nothing to do with us. Had nothing to do with this, and everyone knows it. And by the way, even my enemies on your show said, "We haven't found anything that the Trump campaign did wrong."
DICKERSON: But--
TRUMP: Do you agree with that?
DICKERSON: But there is agreement in the intelligence communities and other places and investigative communities on the Hill that Russia was--
TRUMP: I'm okay with it.
DICKERSON: --involved in the election.
TRUMP: Honestly, John, I'm okay. But why didn't Podesta and the Democrats, why didn't they allow the F.B.I. to eject the server? They hired some company who somebody said some pretty bad things about, to go and check their server and give the information. So they were hacked. Why didn't they -- the Democrats allow the F.B.I.? They told the F.B.I., "We are not going to allow you to do it." Why did they do that? Why did they do that, John? Why wouldn't they let the F.B.I. go in and check? And by the way, why didn't the F.B.I. complain about it?
DICKERSON: Mr. President, I think we're going to have to end it there.
TRUMP: Thank you.



ARTICLE
HARRISBURG, Pa. — Jerry Dobihal came into the Pennsylvania Farm Show auditorium here with two Donald Trump buttons tacked on his cowboy hat, 15 colored markers and a large sign: "My President Skipped Dinner to Give Us DESSERT." By evening's end, more than 200 people had scribbled a rainbow of notes, covering every inch of the poster. "I LOVE YOU DT," one read. 
For trading his tuxedo for a farm arena here, where the faint smell of cow dung occasionally wafted in, Trump got what he wanted: a showdown with the Washington media that he claims to despise but whose approval he deeply covets, as well as praise for being a man of the people, even though he has donned tuxedos at Manhattan's swankiest galas for decades. 
Story Continued Below
“I could not possibly be more thrilled than to be more than 100 miles away from Washington's swamp, spending my evening with all of you with a much, much larger crowd and much, much better people,” Trump said. "The media deserves a very big, fat, failing grade."
Trump’s had his own struggles: He is grappling with record-low approval ratings, an administration beset by chaos and few legislative accomplishments, and a realization that he has much to learn, aides and advisers say. He has struggled to secure support for his agenda. 
His signature executive order — a travel ban — has been halted by the courts, twice. He has been stung by unflattering portraits of his administration's issues and marveled aloud at how difficult the job is.
So on Saturday, he returned to vintage Trump: blaming and attacking others, bragging about his election win, and ticking through issues with his signature bravado but little clarity. The president did not mention that he and his team have spent hundreds of hours in recent weeks trying to woo the media into better coverage of his administration. Or that he watches dozens of hours of TV every week on his trusty TiVo. Or that he is at home at black-tie dinners.
The rallies were like the campaign never ended, and Trump seemed back in his groove.
Trump's favorite tunes played: He entered right after "My Way" by Frank Sinatra. He read the lyrics to a 1960s song about a woman who took in a snake that which bit her after she nursed it in her bosom to explain why the United States should block immigration. It was a hit of the campaign trail, as he noted. 
"You knew damn well I was a snake before you took me in!" he said, imitating the snake, his voice rising to a climax.
In an audience with hundreds of signs, he spotted one that piqued his interest. "Thank you for that sign, ‘BLACKS FOR TRUMP,’" he said. "I love that guy."
He singled out Sen. Chuck Schumer for leading Democrats "to doom," even though he privately has told others he likes his fellow New Yorker. "Sen. Schumer is a bad leader, not a natural leader at all," he said. "Known him for a long time."
More than a dozen protesters fought with Trump supporters, who hauled the protesters over to police officers so they could be escorted out. At one point, several officers threw to the ground a protester who wouldn't leave the arena. "Get him the hell out of here," Trump said. 
He read statistics off his teleprompters about members of the news media donating to Democrats and polls that show much of the American public doesn't trust the media. He predicted the media would cover his rally unfairly. Trump vowed repeatedly on the campaign trail to label China a currency manipulator. Saturday night, he said it was ridiculous that the media would point out that he reversed his position because he was negotiating on other issues.
Before promising a border wall, a new health care system and a strong response to North Korea on Saturday night, Trump told an adoring crowd here about the "ugly" office interior and "crummy" Manhattan location of the "failing New York Times."
It was unclear why anyone in a Harrisburg farm arena would care — and the crowd was largely silent during the real estate-related knocks. 
But he kept attacking the Times, even though he reads the paper every morning and often invites its reporters into the Oval Office.
“It’s starting to look like a comic book,” Trump said, chiding the newspaper for selling its historic building in Times Square and moving to “an ugly location to an ugly part of town.” He ripped The Boston Globe, too, for getting rid of its historic building, pitting his own real estate prowess against that of the newspaper.
The crowd, largely white and dressed in casual clothes, was overwhelmingly receptive, with the usual chants of "Lock her up!" and "Build the wall!" The crowd loved Vice President Mike Pence's boasts about Trump's "historic" legislative accomplishments, though there have been few of consequence. 
"It is amazing how much he has gotten done," said Barbara Coward, a consultant from Baltimore who donned American-flag flip-flops and posed for pictures in front of the stage with her son.
Meanwhile, in Washington, the mood was subdued. TV reporters were left to cover an empty red carpet, noting that Hollywood stars who showed up over the past eight years of the Obama administration were nowhere to be seen.
“There haven’t been many celebrities there tonight, have there?” Wolf Blitzer asked a CNN reporter, moments before dashing off to the dinner.
White House Correspondents' Association President Jeff Mason gave a fiery speech during the dinner in which he slammed Trump’s persistent attacks on the media as "fake news." 
“We cannot ignore the rhetoric that has been employed by the president about who we are and what we do,” said Mason, a White House correspondent for Reuters. “Freedom of the press is a building block of our democracy. Undermining that by seeking to delegitimize journalists is dangerous to a healthy republic.”
But the real heat came from comedian Hasan Minhaj, who pulled few punches despite saying that he was asked to avoid criticizing Trump and the administration in absentia. Mason disputed that during Minhaj’s performance.
“The leader of our country is not here, and that's because he lives in Moscow,” Minhaj said. “It's a very long flight, it's a Saturday. As for the other guy, I think he's in Pennsylvania because he can't take a joke.”
Minhaj also laced into Trump's aides and Cabinet members, referring to chief strategist Steve Bannon as a Nazi, calling press secretary Sean Spicer a Holocaust denier, and implying that Attorney General Jeff Sessions is racist. 
The “Daily Show” comedian went after the media as well, mocking CNN, MSNBC, The Huffington Post and Fox News as he implored journalists to hold the president accountable.
Earlier in the day, comedian Samantha Bee also roasted Trump and the media in a “Not the White House Correspondents’ Dinner" that aired at the same time as the official dinner.
“We are living in a golden age of journalism,” Bee told a crowd in Washington’s DAR Constitution Hall. “Unfortunately, that's partly due to a golden president.”
Trump and his aides reveled in the split screen. Two Trump administration officials said they relished the idea of Trump being with blue-collar voters while Washington "tells itself how great it is," in the words of one official.
"And someone will probably say something really offensive there that we can use to our advantage," one senior administration official said.
Trump has an especially touchy history with the correspondents’ dinner. In 2011, then-President Barack Obama gave Trump a roast at the dinner for igniting rumors that he wasn’t born in the United States. 
“No one is prouder to put this birth-certificate matter to rest than the Donald,” Obama said. “And that’s because he can finally get back to the issues that matter, like: Did we fake the moon landing? What really happened in Roswell? And — where are Biggie and Tupac?”
Trump advisers have said the embarrassment is one reason they believe he eventually ran for president. Trump said Saturday night he might return to the dinner next year. 
"Next year, maybe we'll make it more exciting for them," he said. 
The crowd didn't cheer, so the perpetual showman quickly reversed himself and said he might just return to Pennsylvania again next year. Then, he got the roar he wanted.
Aidan Quigley and Madeline Conway contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
On Saturday night, Donald Trump will be meeting with screaming supporters at a campaign-style rally in Pennsylvania.
Back in Washington, the elites of the media world will be hobnobbing in black-tie with members of Congress and other well-heeled guests at the annual White House Correspondents’ Dinner.
Story Continued Below
Trump, who is the first president to boycott the dinner since Jimmy Carter, will likely make hay over the contrast, celebrating his 100th day in office and declaring victory in his self-declared battle against a media he’s called a “danger to the country.”
On the other side of this battle of images on Saturday night will be Jeff Mason, the soft-spoken wire service reporter who heads the correspondents’ association and thus oversees the dinner. 
Normally, this would be a night of triumph for the association’s president – a time to don a tuxedo and sit beside the most powerful man in the world as the president and the people who cover him exchange gentle barbs and affirm, in toasts, their commitment to the country and the principles of the First Amendment.
But that’s not what Mason is facing.
The 40-year-old Mason, who is known for his quiet diligence and straight-down-the-middle reporting as White House correspondent for Reuters, is hardly the portrait of the self-indulgent media elite that Trump seeks to lampoon. He’s preternaturally calm and soft-spoken. Even as he’s had to contend with crisis after confrontation in the White House briefing room, he’s kept such a low profile that some free-speech advocates have singled him out for criticism.
But his stewardship of the dinner will face inevitable scrutiny, from his decision to invite the Watergate duo of Carl Bernstein and Bob Woodward to present the association’s awards to his choice of Muslim-American comic Hasan Minhaj as the evening’s entertainment.
Bash Trump too directly and play into his own narrative of war; fail to stand up for journalistic prerogatives and look like a feckless wimp. 
"I didn’t anticipate that it would be the level of advocacy we’ve had to employ, at least three years ago when I was elected,” Mason acknowledged in his typically understated manner. 
Indeed, when the 40-year-old Mason -- who has been at Reuters for 17 years, starting as an airline-industry reporter in Germany -- was elected to head the association, he knew he’d have a busier year than most: He would straddle the transition between Barack Obama’s White House to the next president's.
But then Trump shook the political universe and, in the process, threatened to upend the media world as well. Suddenly, Mason was called upon to defend the traditional media role and practices, from preserving the tradition of having pool reporters cover every public event to determining who counts as a legitimate White House reporter as Trump’s administration seeks to invite more unconventional outlets into the briefing room.
Since even before Election Day, Mason has taken flak not only from the reporters, correspondents, producers and media executives looking to him as their advocate in the face of one of the most press-hostile presidents in history; but he’s also fielded attacks from the White House itself — such as frustrations over the lack of “decorum” among the White House correspondents. It’s a precarious balance. In recent months, Mason has become a more ubiquitous presence on television and on media panels across town, often talking about the president, the press, and his role as arbiter between the two. 
Trump’s team suggested moving the daily White House briefing from the White House to a separate room, potentially in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building across the way. They also expressed reservations about a protective pool, refusing to allow reporters to follow the president around until he was formally inaugurated. In the early days of the administration, the White House was notoriously slow in sending out transcripts and texts of executive orders, leaving reporters to simply transcribe photos of the orders as Trump held them up to display after signing.
On every one of those issues, it fell to Mason and the board to explain to the new administration why it was in everyone’s benefit to uphold some of the media traditions Trump’s administration seemed so ready to break. And so far, many of those traditions have survived – something Mason sees as a victory.
Mason, he and the White House say, has both advocated for the role of the media while selling the White House on why they should want reporters on the White House grounds and following the president around as part of a protective pool. 
Some journalists have grumbled that they wish Mason would be more aggressive in his dealings with the White House, arguing that the president and his staff have set off such unprecedented attacks on the press, and transparency, that Mason should hit them harder. After some outlets, including POLITICO, were blocked from attending a briefing with Press Secretary Sean Spicer in February, Poynter’s chief media critic James Warren pilloried the WHCA’s response. 
"For sure, the association statement drew some supportive comments from members on an association listserv. But, rest assured, there were others who rolled their eyes and simply saw the statement as the dictionary definition of ‘weenie.’ They include some past presidents of the association with whom I touched base,” Warren wrote. “It was disappointing and suggested an underlying craving by some for peace and moderation and press-White House harmony. Intentional or not, it suggested how a bully can intimate his victims and make some of them cower." 
But those who work closest with Mason said that his quiet modus operandi is actually the perfect way to approach the administration: anything more aggressive wouldn’t end well. 
"It’s a mistake to confuse his calm demeanor with an absence of fight,” said WHCA board member and Yahoo News White House correspondent Olivier Knox. "Just because he doesn’t drop a lot of f-bombs doesn’t mean he’s not fighting for the press corps.” 
Neither Mason nor the White House would discuss in detail their off-the-record conversations and negotiations — he and the WHCA board are in constant contact with the White House discussing everything from basic logistics to issues of transparency. 
But Mason says behind the scenes he’s been known to if not raise hell, at least raise heck. 
"I wouldn't necessarily use the words 'blown up' but I’ve been in meetings with them where voices have been raised and it wasn’t just their voices being raised,” Mason said. 
Born to a military family in Germany and raised in Colorado, Mason attended Northwestern University Medill School of journalism for both a bachelor’s and master’s degree before embarking on a Fulbright grant in Germany. Soon he was covering the airline industry from Frankfurt before moving to Brussels, Belgium, to cover the European Union. He came back to the United States to cover the 2008 election and has been in Washington ever since. 
Veterans of the White House press corps have noted that any presidential transition can be trying. When Bill Clinton’s team took over in 1993, the press team infamously locked the door between the upper and lower press areas, meaning reporters could not freely walk into the press secretary’s office to ask questions, setting off the tone of a testy relationship. But the 2017 transition had its own special challenge. Mason and many of his supporters in the briefing room see it as a victory that, for now at least, the briefings happen every day in the James S. Brady briefing room, that there is a protective pool, and that the pool gets invited to ask questions at “pool sprays” during some meetings. 
It’s a sentiment that Spicer — the man on the other side of many negotiations with Mason — echoes as well. 
“If you are a member of press corps you could have had no better champion than Jeff Mason in last few months,” Spicer said. “The board really does a good job representing folks from the media. You always want more but I think they have done a very good job. While we obviously don’t agree with them on all issues, they do an effective job of making the argument on behalf of the media.” 
Mason has also had the unenvious task of planning this year’s Correspondents’ Dinner, the first in decades which the president and his entire staff have chosen to boycott. The simple act of picking the evening’s entertainment became a political minefield as Mason had to navigate choosing a comedian that, as Mason said, wouldn’t “roast” the president in absentia. But a mild, cautious performance could damage the dinner as well, opening up criticism that it was too soft on a president who has been anything but soft on the media — and who is hosting his own competing event at a rally in Pennsylvania. 
In addition to balancing a new dinner, where the famous “Watergate” journalists Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein have been tapped to speak and hand out in awards in lieu of the president, Mason has also had to lead the search for a new executive director of the association when Julia Whiston leaves the position after more than two decades. (Former WHCA president Steve Thomma was tapped as the new executive director in April.) 
"I think Jeff Mason has been pitch perfect in the way he’s handled it,” said former WHCA president and National Journal correspondent George Condon. "He’s had people egg him on to try and be more provocative and he has avoided it. He’s kept his eye on what he should keep it on and he’s had more challenge than any other president I can think of since I started covering the White House in 1982 and has handled it without a misstep."
And though this Saturday will feel like the culmination of a term, a celebratory dinner of sorts for Mason’s tenure, it’s not actually the end. His term runs through July. 
“When the dinner’s over, I’ll just be a little less permanently stressed,” he said.



ARTICLE
Those who voted for Donald Trump have almost no regrets about it. Among Republicans, his standing is strong: The president’s approval ratings typically top 80 percent. 
But at the 100-day mark of his presidency, Trump is still lagging behind the pace of George W. Bush and Barack Obama among members of their own parties. Combined with the historic polarization of views about Trump’s first months in the White House, those numbers present a significant challenge to the president and his party in the run-up to the 2018 midterm elections and beyond.
Story Continued Below
While Trump’s average approval rating among Republicans is 86 percent, according to HuffPost Pollster, George W. Bush was at 93 percent among Republicans at the eve of his inaugural 100-day anniversary. Barack Obama was at 92 percent among Democrats.
Polarization of views about Trump’s first months in the White House is nearly off the charts. Previous presidents had wide and deep support from their own parties, but also brought along independents and a sizable chunk of partisans on the other side. Trump isn’t experiencing that. While his numbers with Republicans only slightly lag Bush’s, even Bush had a significant number of Democrats in his corner at the 100-day mark of his administration.
Bush — who was also elected president under divisive circumstances and lost the popular vote — had a 31-percent approval rating among Democrats leading up to the 100-day mark, according to Gallup. Obama had a 28-percent approval rating among Republicans in late April of 2009.
Trump’s average approval among Democrats, according to HuffPost Pollster? Only 10 percent.
“It is remarkable,” said Mark Blumenthal, the head of election polling at SurveyMonkey.
SurveyMonkey’s latest poll gave Trump an 89-percent approval rating among Republicans — the highest of all major polls this week. But Trump’s approval rating among Democrats in the survey is only 11 percent.
“There was similar partisanship for George W. Bush and Obama,” Blumenthal continued, “but not this early."
Trump is also doing poorly with independents, polls show. On average, his approval rating with independents is only 39 percent. This time eight years ago, Obama had a 64-percent approval rating with independents, only slightly higher than Bush’s 61-percent score.
There are already signs that Trump’s standing after 100 days — Republicans like him, but few others do — is driving the way he is governing: robust executive action, while chafing against the other two branches of government. 
Republicans support Trump on nearly every issue; it's just a matter of degree. Setbacks like Trump’s inability to get a bill to replace the 2010 health care law off the ground in the House, aren’t affecting the president’s position with GOP voters and others who backed Trump in 2016.
“They’re not fazed by stuff like the health care problems,” said GOP pollster Glen Bolger, who conducted a poll of Trump voters for the University of Virginia Center for Politics this month. “Given their loyalty to him and their satisfaction with their vote, it would take a lot for their support to change.”
But because Trump is starting so low in polls with non-Republicans, there is little pressure on most Democratic lawmakers to work with him on most issues. House GOP hopes of advancing a health care bill don’t rely on winning over a single Democratic vote, for example.
Trump is further constrained by divisions in his own party. While Republicans back home may like Trump, there are nearly two dozen GOP members of Congress sitting in districts Trump lost last fall — and they loom as a threat to the health care bill and other key Trump initiatives, like an overhaul of the individual and corporate tax systems.
Previous presidents who began with a honeymoon among some Americans who opposed them in the election managed to use that limited political capital to advance their agendas. Obama, for example, pursued significant changes to the health care system — and though Republicans ultimately abandoned him, he signed the Affordable Care Act into law in March 2010.
Obama’s approval ratings suffered as a result. Despite beginning his presidency with wide support, by the summer of 2010, his ratings were underwater — his disapproval percentage exceeded his approval.
That collapse came largely as a result of Republicans and independents. While Obama had a 31-percent approval rating among GOP respondents in the Gallup poll at the 100-day mark, it was just 11 percent when he signed the Affordable Care Act. His approval rating among independents also dropped 20 points: from 64 percent to 44 percent. By comparison, the slide among Democrats was smaller, only 9 points, from 93 percent to 84 percent.
Trump, however, has never gotten the benefit of the doubt from non-Republicans, which is reflected in polls that show majorities of Americans disapprove of how Trump is handling his job as president. That might suggest public opinion of him and his job performance could remain stable for the time being, shaping a static, polarized and divided political environment prior to next year’s midterms.
“What does this imply about where his approval is six months or a year from now? We’re sort of used to seeing a president come in and have a honeymoon,” Blumenthal said. “It may mean he’s just sort of locked in. Obama, after about a year, got to the point where his approval was within a certain range … largely because of this partisanship.”



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump has dismissed the idea of measuring the success of his first 100 days in office as “ridiculous.” But the president and his top officials have made a number of startling moves this week with the deadline in mind, and Trump has privately obsessed over getting a win before the cutoff. 
The last-minute moves have frustrated some of Trump’s allies, caused a scramble across his government and proved once again that decisions are made by one man on his whims — and often with an eye to his media coverage.
Story Continued Below
To his supporters, it looks like the kind of action Trump promised as a candidate. “That’s how a CEO makes decisions,” said Rep. Chris Collins, a New York Republican. 
Trump’s promise last Friday to deliver a tax plan within five days startled no one more than Gary Cohn, his chief economic adviser writing the plan. Not a single word of a plan was on paper, several administration officials said, and Treasury officials worked all weekend to draft a one-page summary of his principles because the president promised a Wednesday news conference. 
“The reason your head is spinning on this is that the plan isn’t even written yet,” one senior White House official said this past week, as conflicting details emerged about what would be in the plan. “This was all about doing something in the first 100 days and really it’s doing the process backwards.”
When White House officials demanded the week before that a health care vote take place by the 100-day mark, Speaker Paul Ryan, who was traveling in Europe, was taken aback. The leader of the House of Representatives wasn’t in on the plan, had no desire to vote this week and feared it wasn’t even possible. No one even knew what the bill would say because the language had not been written. 
“It was totally insane,” one senior GOP aide said. “It made no sense. There was no reason to say a vote was happening this week.”
A number of White House officials learned of the president’s plan to sign an executive order removing the United States from the North American Free Trade Agreement — and tout it during a 100-day rally in Pennsylvania — only after it appeared in news reports. It was going to be “another accomplishment of our 100 days,” a senior official said. “The president wanted to do it this week.”
The looming 100-day marker sent the White House into overdrive this past week. Senior administration officials — chief of staff Reince Priebus, son-in-law Jared Kushner, legislative affairs head Marc Short, chief strategist Steve Bannon and Cohn — have held late-night sessions with reporters to sell the 100 days. Trump repeatedly asked aides for ideas with the marker in mind and has demanded plans for the event and lists of his accomplishments to highlight every single day of the week, administration officials said.
Trump ordered an event with Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin based on the 100-day marker, a person familiar with the planning said, leaving staff to rush and make it happen. It often takes weeks to plan an event.
The fear inside the West Wing, these people said, was that bad news coverage could lead to a staff shake-up, and many live with varying degrees of fear of losing their jobs. Priebus, several administration officials say, has been particularly concerned about the marker and the resulting news coverage.
The White House, which didn’t respond for comment, has tried to depict a busy and impatient president who is popular to his supporters because he promised to demand results. While the tax plan is nowhere near ready, the health care vote didn’t happen and Trump ended the week on NAFTA where he began, the president received news coverage of a busy week — and was talking about policies that were potentially moving instead of congressional failures or investigations into ties between Russia and Trump campaign officials. 
“I think the paper-pushers may have a system, but he will override the system,” said Trump adviser Roger Stone. “He’s the decision maker.”
Still, aides described the lead-up as mad dash, even by typical Trump White House standards, with more focus on optics than substance.
In the case of NAFTA repeal, director of the White House National Trade Council Peter Navarro submitted the executive order to the staff secretary on Tuesday. The staff secretary traditionally circulates the policy for review to relevant decision makers including Cabinet secretaries and others within the White House who want to weigh in, according to a White House official. 
While it’s typical for the staff secretary to kick off the final stages of the decision-making process, the process moved at rapid speed, with the president intent on signing the executive order just four days later, on his 100th day in office, giving Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross little time to weigh in. Eventually, Trump was talked out of the move by nervous advisers and foreign leaders, who described the basics of the problem if he ended it. 
“I was going to terminate NAFTA two or three days from now,” Trump said in the Oval Office on Thursday.
Over on Capitol Hill this past week, moderate Republicans and conservatives worried about legislative text — and feared even more would lose their health care coverage, which could cost them their seats. The Congressional Budget Office hadn’t scored the proposal — it previously said 24 million would lose health care coverage — and this plan was likely to be worse, legislators worried. 
Priebus, who publicly said it was unfair to expect the administration to vote quickly, repeatedly told aides there needed to be a quick vote, administration officials said, even though Ryan was in no similar hurry. Some West Wing officials even pondered the idea of having the vote on Saturday — a signature accomplishment on the 100-day mark. Legislators tend to head home on the weekends. 
“Their order was vote, vote, vote,” one Republican legislator said. A senior administration official, asked why the White House was rushing the vote, responded: “ I can’t wait for the 100-day shit to be over.”
Senior officials in the White House and Treasury wanted to keep working behind the scenes to create a more fully baked tax plan that would get support from Capitol Hill Republicans. Then, early this summer, they could roll out a detailed blueprint that would address concerns from House Speaker Paul Ryan and other fiscal conservatives worried about blowing up the deficit.
“Nobody wanted to do this now. We weren’t ready to do this now. But we weren’t given any choice,” said a second senior official close to the tax reform process.
Repeatedly peppered for details on how they would avoid blowing up the deficit, what income brackets the new individual rates would apply to and what rate they would charge companies to bring money back to the U.S., Cohn and Mnuchin had no answers. Instead they repeatedly promised more details to come at a later time.
Cohn even wound up snapping at a reporter for pressing for “micro-details” and not accepting the broad-brush statements of aspirational goals. The result was widespread dismissal of the entire event by economic commentators.
Jason Furman, chair of the Council of Economic Advisers under President Barack Obama, said the rollout out was the exact opposite of the way the previous administration put out pages worth of details on the Affordable Care Act, taking some of the pressure off Congress.
“The one-pager the White House did was about as useful to the tax reform process as some random summer project of a Capitol Hill intern,” Furman said. “This is doing the process backwards, with the White House doing the easy part and leaving the hard part all to Congress. And it makes it even less likely that anything ever gets done.”
Even Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, seen in the administration as one of the president’s staunchest defenders, was irritated, according to a person who spoke with him. Mnuchin had planned a trip to California this week, a White House official said, and left on Thursday, one day after the plan was announced.
A spokesman for Mnuchin said: ”The Secretary was very pleased that the President agreed to let us announce the plan this week.” 



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump on Friday shifted blame for the vetting of his former national security adviser Michael Flynn onto the Obama administration.
Trump, during an interview on Fox News, stressed that Flynn "was approved by the Obama administration at the highest level" for his prior stint in federal government, years before working in the Trump White House. The retired lieutenant general served as director of the Defense Intelligence Agency under President Barack Obama until 2014.
Story Continued Below
"When he came into our administration, for a short period of time -- he came in -- he was already approved by the Obama administration, and he had years left on that approval," Trump added. 
Flynn resigned from his national security post in the Trump administration in February amid growing scrutiny over his ties to foreign agents. In recent weeks, revelations of Flynn's lobbying work for the Turkish government and his paid speeches in Moscow, which went undisclosed in his clearance renewal application in 2016, have drawn the ire of U.S. officials. Lawmakers have charged that Flynn's omission likely violated the law. 
The president, who previously said he felt "bad" for Flynn following his ouster, said he remained sympathetic to his plight.
"I do feel badly for him," Trump said. "He served the country. He was a general."
The president also criticized those questioning why Flynn didn't receive more thorough vetting from the Trump administration for not leveling the same questions at the Obama administration. 
"Now, if somebody's approved at the absolute highest level by the Obama or a previous administration, I mean, does anybody ever ask about them?" he asked. 
Trump, who has frequently returned to the campaign controversies of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton since taking office, additionally asked why Clinton's campaign aides did not face a similar line of questioning as Flynn.
"Does anybody ask about why Bill Clinton was paid a fortune to make speeches in Russia? Does anybody ever ask about Podesta having a company with his brother in Russia?" he said.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump said North Korea "disrespected" the Chinese government by launching another ballistic missile test Friday.
"North Korea disrespected the wishes of China & its highly respected President when it launched, though unsuccessfully, a missile today. Bad!" the president said in a tweet. 
Story Continued Below
North Korea launched a failed mid-range ballistic missile test, South Korea reported about 5 p.m. ET, which was widely condemned by Seoul and other U.S. allies. 
Trump was briefed on the launch, according to a statement from the press secretary's office.
The president on Thursday warned of a potential "major, major conflict" with North Korea during an interview with Reuters, while stressing that a diplomatic approach would be preferable. 
During an interview on Fox on Friday, the president again stressed the importance of China's role in resolving the ongoing tensions between the U.S. and North Korea, while cautioning that more severe measures may be required for China to handle North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un's regime. 
“It may have to be a much more difficult ending, to be honest with you, but [Chinese President Xi Jinping is] trying,” he said. 
The Trump administration has in recent days urged a diplomatic resolution with North Korea while warning of a larger potential conflict between it and the U.S. 
On Friday, a day after stating his preference for direct talks with the insular east Asian country, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson cautioned the United Nations Security Council against normalizing relations.
“In light of North Korea's recent actions, normal relations with the [Democratic People’s Republic of Korea] are simply not acceptable," he said.
The president has remained steadfast, however, in praising the diplomatic actions of Chinese President Xi.
“I believe he is trying very hard. He certainly doesn’t want to see turmoil and death. He doesn’t want to see it," Trump told Reuters Thursday. "He is a good man. He is a very good man and I got to know him very well."
Congressional Republicans, meanwhile, have begun to ramp up their rhetoric against North Korea, with Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy announcing Thursday that the House would be voting on further economic sanctions on the country next week. 
"The time for waiting on North Korea to get its act together is over," he said in a statement released Thursday.



ARTICLE
A former student plans to exercise her right to appeal the approval of the $25 million Trump University settlement, likely delaying any payouts for a year or more — and keeping open the possibility that President Donald Trump might someday be forced into a public trial on the matter, her attorney said Friday. 
Sherri Simpson, a Florida bankruptcy lawyer who claims she paid $19,000 in 2010 to learn Trump's real estate investing secrets, will appeal a judge's ruling last month denying her the chance to opt out of the settlement and pursue her own lawsuit, Simpson's attorney Gary Friedman said.
Story Continued Below
"We're going to file a notice of appeal on Monday," Friedman told POLITICO. "There's going to be a lot entailed in prosecuting the appeal, but the decision of whether to file the appeal is not remotely difficult; the [judge's] decision is clearly wrong."
Under the $25 million deal struck shortly after Trump's election last November, Trump University attendees were expected to get 80 percent to 90 percent of their money back. U.S. District Court Judge Gonzalo Curiel approved the settlement late last month, concluding that it provided an "extraordinary" recovery for the plaintiffs.
However, the money was still a fraction of the triple damages at least some of the students could, in theory, receive if the case went to trial. In addition, Simpson's legal team noted that a passage in a court-approved 2015 notice about the suit indicated that there would be an opportunity for class members to opt out after a settlement was reached.
An attorney involved in leading the class actions suit, Jason Forge, reacted bitterly to the news that Simpson intends to appeal.
"She is standing at a crossroads of short term self indulgence and long-term self preservation," Forge said. "If she chooses to attempt to delay these payments to the students, costing some people the opportunity to receive their payment before they die, we’re going to do everything in our power to make her pay dearly for having done that."
Lawyers representing the class indicated in a court filing earlier this year that they planned to make Simpson post a bond with the court if she files an appeal. Forge said he still plans to ask the judge to require that, but would not specify how much he will seek to have her put up.
"We'll assess the situation and make a request we deem appropriate," he said.
The initial decision on the bond will be made by Curiel, who had encouraged both sides to reach a settlement that averted the spectacle of a jury trial at which the president-elect was expected to take the witness stand as a defendant. During the presidential campaign, Curiel was the focus of racially charged rhetoric from Trump, who called the Indiana-born judge "Spanish" and insisted he could not be fair in the case because of his Latino heritage.
Official statistics say an appeal to the 9th Circuit typically takes about 15 months to be completed, but lawyers say many cases take substantially longer.
A lawyer for the Trump Organization, Alan Garten, did not respond to requests for comment on the planned appeal.
Trump personally guaranteed the $25 million settlement, which was paid into an escrow fund three days before his inauguration. Most of the money is supposed to go to class members in a pair of federal lawsuits pending in San Diego, but $4 million was set aside to resolve a separate case brought by New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman.
It's still possible the appeal could be headed off or abandoned through some kind of settlement with Trump, but Friedman indicated earlier that his client was intent on having a civil trial that would expose Trump University's practices.
Attendees at the Trump University program typically paid about $1,500 for a three-day seminar up to $35,000 for a "gold elite" mentorship. The suits claim fraud because the program was advertised as involving instructors that were hand-picked by Trump and because some students may have been led to believe the seminars were part of a traditional university.
More than 3,700 claims were submitted under the settlement, with close to 3,000 of them considered valid.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump sat down for a series of extended interviews as he neared his 100-day mark, talking about the successes, surprises and setbacks of his early tenure. As the first president elected without prior political or military experience — on the promise that he could overthrow the established order — Trump has been stymied in the early-going by an entrenched political system.
His recent words have been revealing. Some have been familiar — Clinton-blaming, media-bashing and self-promoting. Others have been fresher, even self-reflective.
Story Continued Below
Here are Trump’s unfiltered takes on living in and running the White House:
1. “This is thousands of times bigger, the United States, than the biggest company in the world.” (AP)
2. “The one thing I would say — and I say this to people — I never realized how big it was.” (AP)
3. “I really just see the bigness of it all, but also the responsibility. And the human responsibility.” (AP)
4. “Making business decisions and buying buildings don’t involve heart. This involves heart. These are heavy decisions.” (Politico)
5. “I am somebody with a lot of heart.” (Washington Examiner)
6. “You have to love people. And if you love people, such a big responsibility.” (AP)
7. “I loved my previous life. I had so many things going.” (Reuters)
8. "This is more work than in my previous life.” (Reuters)
9. “I thought it would be easier.” (Reuters)
10. “You're really into your own little cocoon, because you have such massive protection that you really can't go anywhere.” (Reuters)
11. “I like to drive. I can't drive any more.” (Reuters)
12. “A lot of good things are happening. Really good things. We're very proud of the job we've done.” (Washington Examiner)
13. “I think we've done more than perhaps any president in the first 100 days.” (Washington Examiner)
14. “But I don't want to set the 100 days as a standard.” (Washington Examiner)
15. “I think we've set some incredible foundations going onward, with relationships, with other countries, et cetera, et cetera.” (Washington Examiner)
16. “I'd give us an A.” (Washington Examiner)
17. “Did you see Aya [the released Egyptian-American aid worker]?” (AP)
18. “You know Obama worked on it for three years, got zippo, zero.” (AP)
19. “Many people, human rights people, are talking about it. It's an incredible thing, especially when you meet her.” (AP)
20. “Have you seen the tremendous success? ... That's another thing that nobody talks about. Have you seen the tremendous success we've had in the Middle East with the ISIS?” (AP)
21. “We have had tremendous success, but we don't talk about it.” (AP)
22. “Not since Harry Truman has anybody done so much. That's a long time ago.” (Washington Examiner)
23. “I don't talk about it.” (AP)
24. “I would say communication would be a little bit less than an A because I don't think we've gotten the word out what we've done because I think we're so busy getting it done that we're not talking about it.” (Washington Examiner)
25. “But Sean [Spicer]'s doing a good job, excellent job.” (Washington Examiner)
26. “I have different teams. I think my military team has been treated with great respect. As they should be. I think my other team hasn't been treated with the respect that they should get. We have some very talented people.” (AP)
27. “I think Reince has been doing an excellent job.” (AP)
28. “The team gets along really, really well.” (Politico)
29. “I think that, you know, this is a very tough environment not caused necessarily by me.” (AP)
30. “It's great when everybody can agree.” (Washington Examiner)
31. “But I like having dissent — if it's a close topic.” (Washington Examiner)
32. “I think a lot of the media doesn't want us to get the word out.” (Washington Examiner)
33. “The fake media is some of the media.” (AP)
34. “Fox treats me well, it's that Fox is the most accurate.” (AP)
35. “I don't watch CNN anymore. I don't watch MSNBC anymore.” (AP)
36. “I don't watch ‘Morning Joe.’ I never thought I had the ability to, and who used to treat me great by the way, when I played the game. I never thought I had the ability to not watch what is unpleasant, if it's about me.” (AP)
37. “I saw on one of the networks that covers us extremely incorrectly and unfairly, they actually said…” (Washington Examiner)
38. “I have all the ratings for all those morning shows. When I go, they go double, triple. “(AP)
39. “[John] Dickerson had 5.2 million people. It's the highest for ‘Face the Nation’ or as I call it, ‘Deface the Nation’… since the World Trade Center came down. It's a tremendous advantage.” (AP)
 40. “Here, you can take that, that's the final map of the [electoral] numbers.” (Reuters)
41. “The Democrats had a tremendous opportunity because the Electoral College, as I said, is so skewed to them.” (AP)
42. “If Abe Lincoln came back to life, he would lose New York and he would lose California.” (AP)
43. “You have to win Florida, you have to win South Carolina, North Carolina, you have to win Pennsylvania, you have to win all the way up, and then you have to win in the Midwest and you have to win places that — you know you win Michigan, you win Wisconsin, you win Ohio and Iowa.” (Washington Examiner)
44. “It's pretty good, right? The red is obviously us.” (Reuters)
45. “The Electoral College is a very, very hard thing for the Republicans to win.” (Washington Examiner)
46. “Democrats are using that faux — or fake — Russia story in order to make themselves feel better for losing an election that's very hard for a Democrat to lose.” (Washington Examiner)
47. “The Russia is a faux story. It's made up.” (Washington Examiner)
48. “Nobody asks Hillary Clinton why her husband was over making speeches in Russia.” (Washington Examiner)
49. “So she had this massive advantage, she spent hundreds of millions of dollars more money than I spent. Hundreds of millions.” (AP)
50. “So they lost an election, and they use the Russia story as a way — as best they can — as a way of justifying how they lost the election.” (Washington Examiner)
51. “I've developed great relationships with all of these leaders. Nobody's written that.” (AP)
52. “President Xi [of China], we have a, like, a really great relationship.” (AP)
53. “A terrific relationship with Xi.” (Politico)
54. “Now I don't know that I think that's going to produce results but you've got a good chance.” (AP)
55. “One of the best chemistries I had was with [German Chancellor Angela] Merkel.” (AP)
56. “People have given me credit for having great chemistry with all of the leaders, including [Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah] el-Sissi.” (AP)
57. “I think I've established amazing relationships that will be used the four or eight years, whatever period of time I'm here.” (AP)
58. “I have great relationships with Congress.” (AP)
59. “I've passed a lot of legislative bills that people don't even know about. (Washington Examiner)
60. “You know, there are some cases where like people are saying, we're being obstructed by the Democrats, very much so.” (Washington Examiner)
61. “There's a hard-line group you can't break through, you can't. It's sad. You can't.” (AP)
62. “The Republican Party has various groups, all great people. They're great people. But some are moderate, some are very conservative. The Democrats don't seem to have that nearly as much. You know the Democrats have, they don't have that. The Republicans do have that.” (AP)
63. “I have a great relationship with all of them.” (AP)
64. “I like them a lot. I have great relationships, don’t forget most of them I didn’t even know.” (Fox News)
65. “I think everybody is trying very hard. It is a very tough system.” (Fox News)
66. “President Obama took 17 months to do Obamacare. I've been here 92 days but I've only been working on the health care, you know I had to get like a little bit of grounding right?” (AP)
67. “So I've been working on health care for 60 days...You know, we're very close.”(AP)
68. “I’m disappointed that it doesn’t go quicker.” (Fox News)
69. “Because we're going to have great healthcare at a lower cost.” (Washington Examiner)
70. “It'll be a beautiful thing.” (Washington Examiner)
71. “We have to get it approved.” (AP)
72. “My base definitely wants the border wall. My base really wants it.” (AP)
73. “My base, which is a big base.” (AP)
74. “We are not after the dreamers. We are after the criminals.” (AP)
75. “The dreamers should rest easy. OK? I'll give you that.” (AP)
76. “I am very upset with NAFTA. I think NAFTA has been a catastrophic trade deal for the United States.” (AP)
77. “I am going to either renegotiate it or I am going to terminate it.” (AP)
78. “I was all set to terminate. I looked forward to terminating. I was going to do it.” (Washington Post)
79. “In one way, I like the termination. In the other way, I like them [Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau]— a lot, both of them. (Washington Post)
80. “We have a very good relationship.” (Washington Post)
 81. “They called me up, they said, ‘Could we try negotiating?’ I said, ‘Absolutely, yes.’” (Washington Post)
82. “[Nieto] said to me, ‘I would really appreciate if we could negotiate instead of you terminating, because terminating sets a lot of things in motion that could be pretty devastating for a lot of people.’” (Washington Post)
83. “I do have a very big farmer base, which is good. They like Trump, but I like them, and I’m going to help them.” (Washington Post)
84. “We are going to be doing trade deals that are going to be much better trade deals.” (Reuters)
85. “We’re getting destroyed in [South] Korea.” (Washington Post)
86. “It’s a horrible deal. It was a Hillary Clinton disaster, a deal that should’ve never been made. It’s a one-way street.” (Washington Post)
87. “We’ve told them that we’ll either terminate or negotiate. We may terminate.” (Washington Post)
88. "There is a chance that we could end up having a major, major conflict with North Korea. Absolutely." (Reuters)
89. “I believe [President Xi] is trying very hard. He certainly doesn’t want to see turmoil and death. He doesn’t want to see it. He is a good man.” (Reuters)
90. “I got to know him very well.” (Reuters)
91. “They are working with us on North Korea. Now maybe that'll work out or maybe it won't. Can you imagine?” (AP)
92. “If he's helping us with North Korea, with nuclear and all of the things that go along with it, who would call, what am I going to do, say, ‘By the way, would you help us with North Korea? And also, you're a currency manipulator.’ It doesn't work that way.” (AP)
93. “The media, some of them get it, in all fairness. But you know some of them either don't get it.” (AP)
94. “In which case they're very stupid people.” (AP)
95. "[North Korean leader Kim Jong Un] is 27 years old. His father dies, took over a regime. So say what you want but that is not easy, especially at that age.” (Reuters)
96. "I'm not giving him credit or not giving him credit, I'm just saying that's a very hard thing to do. ((Reuters)
97. “As to whether or not he's rational, I have no opinion on it. I hope he's rational.” (Reuters)
98. “Hey, I’m a nationalist and a globalist. I’m both.” (WSJ)
99. “And I’m the only one who makes the decision.” (WSJ)
100. “Believe me.” (WSJ)



ARTICLE
A federal appeals court granted President Donald Trump's request to halt a lawsuit over the Obama administration's most important climate change regulation on Friday, handing the him a major victory in his bid to revoke the rule that would have required power plants to curb their greenhouse gas emissions. 
The decision by the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals sends the rule back to Trump's EPA to review and most likely quash the regulation that had been at the heart of former President Barack Obama's strategy to combat emissions of carbon dioxide from coal-burning power plants.
Story Continued Below
Today's ruling comes just as Trump signed a new executive order to begin rolling back Obama's restrictions on offshore oil and gas drilling and just one day ahead major climate change protests planned for Washington and several other cities around the country. 
The administration is also debating whether to remain in the Paris climate change agreement. Trump said in an interview published this morning that the pact is "not a fair situation" and that China, Russia and India aren't contributing enough money to help poorer countries cope with the effects of climate change.
The court had been expected to decide soon on whether the rule, called the Clean Power Plan, was legally sound under the Clean Air Act, but the Trump administration asked the judges to halt their deliberations so it could take another look at the regulation. EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt has been one of the rule's most vociferous opponents, and as the attorney general of Oklahoma had helped spearhead the legal challenges seeking to overturn it. 
The court's pause in the case means EPA will not have to contend with a potentially awkward opinion that could have upheld the regulation as Trump's EPA worked to dismantle it. Many legal observers believed after last year’s arguments that the rule would have survived most, if not all, of the legal challenges. 
The landmark Obama rule sought to curb power plant carbon dioxide emissions 32 percent below their 2005 levels by 2030. The court paused the lawsuit against the rule for 60 days, and it asked for EPA to file status reports every 30 days. It also asked litigants to file motions on whether to remand the case back to the agency rather than hold it in abeyance.
Neither the White House nor EPA offered an immediate reaction to today's court ruling.
Pruitt's EPA now has the time it needs to review the rule and most likely propose repealing it. Trump specifically ordered EPA to do so in his executive order in March, saying he was ending the "war on coal," and that his policy would "create millions of good American jobs, also so many energy jobs, and really lead to unbelievable prosperity.”
Trump, who famously dismissed climate change as a hoax, has also repealed several Obama-era environmental directives aimed at reducing the federal government’s own carbon footprint, and it directed agencies to ferret out any additional policies that impeded U.S. energy production. The president also told federal regulators to stop using the “social cost of carbon,” which attempts to quantify the effects of climate change, in economic analyses of future rules.
Carrying out that repeal of regulation could take a year or more since the agency must go through the same sort of public notice-and-comment rulemaking it followed in creating the rule that was issued under former EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy in 2015. And EPA’s final decision could be challenged in court as well, meaning the agency would have to defend its legal rationale for repealing the rule.
It’s not entirely clear what will happen in the future, and observers say these are relatively uncharted legal waters. With today's ruling, the federal court is keeping a sweeping regulation on ice, potentially for years, while a new administration works to repeal it.
Some experts say it is possible that if EPA’s expected repeal is rejected by the courts in the future, the issue could simply push the court to rule on the legal merit of the challenges to the Clean Power Plan.
Also, repealing the Clean Power Plan and litigating that action could last through much of Trump’s term, keeping the issue in the political spotlight during the 2018 and 2020 elections.
Both Trump and Republicans in Congress have been working hard to erase a host of energy regulations issued in the final two years of Obama’s term.
The pause of the Clean Power Plan challenge makes it likely the court will grant a similar request for halting its sister regulation, which sets emission limits for future power plants. That rule’s legal challenge had been proceeding at a slower pace, and arguments that had been scheduled for April arguments were canceled at the new administration's request.
The administration has succeeded in getting the court to suspend other ongoing court cases over Obama-era rules, including the 2015 ozone standard, regulations limiting pollutants discharged in power plants' water streams and from smokestacks during startup, and a refrigerant rule. Plus, EPA is seeking similar pauses in several other lawsuits, including over truck emissions and the mercury rule.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump loves the idea of cutting the corporate tax rate, but voters?
The proposal, the centerpiece of the administration's new tax plan, is hardly a political winner, with recent polling showing that most Americans — including 44 percent of Republicans — believe corporations are not paying enough already. 
Story Continued Below
“It just doesn’t sell,” said one former longtime Republican tax aide. “Most [Republican lawmakers] come from rural districts. They don’t have big corporate headquarters in their districts, and their constituents don’t care if GE gets a 25 percent rate.” 
“If anything, there could be a backlash,” he said. 
The only way to make a Trump-sized cut in the corporate rate — which he’d reduce to 15 percent, from the current 35 percent — politically salable is to slather on lots of other tax cuts for everyone else, tax veterans say. 
Historically, going back to at least Ronald Reagan, lawmakers have rarely cut business taxes without simultaneously offering far bigger tax cuts for individual taxpayers — though in this case, that would send the price of Trump's already costly plan soaring.
Trump appears to be giving more to businesses, and his Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said Thursday he couldn’t guarantee the middle class would see a tax cut.
“This is a partisan plan to give advantages to the most influential special interests in the country and crumbs for working people,” said Sen. Ron Wyden, the top Democrat on the tax-writing Finance Committee. 
Details are still sketchy, but the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget (CRFB) figures Trump’s plan would dole out roughly $3.7 trillion in tax cuts to businesses, between his plan to cut the corporate rate and offer a similar tax reduction to unincorporated businesses. 
He’s also offering individuals a number of tax cuts, including lower rates, a bigger standard deduction and expanded breaks for child care expenses. But he’s simultaneously taking away breaks, including most itemized deductions, including a long-standing write-off for the state and local taxes. 
That would net out to a roughly $1.8 trillion tax cut for individuals, the CRFB estimates. 
Asked about the plan’s emphasis on corporations, National Economic Director Gary Cohn said: “This tax reform package is about growing the economy, creating jobs.” 
“That’s how we’re looking at this plan,” he said in a briefing with reporters. 
On Thursday, Mnuchin said he hoped — but couldn’t guarantee — the plan would mean a tax cut for the middle class. 
“That’s our objective absolutely,” Mnuchin told ABC’s “Good Morning America.” “I can’t make any guarantees until this is done and on the president’s desk.” 
Many economists applaud the focus on the corporate rate — now the highest among 34 industrialized democracies — calling it one of the biggest problems with the tax code. Lawmakers have not cut the corporate rate in 30 years.
“Lowering the corporate rate is like the chicken soup of tax policy — it makes everything better,” said Marty Sullivan, chief economist at the nonpartisan Tax Analysts. “There’s more incentives to invest in the United States and there’s less incentive to engage in tax shelters.” 
The problem for lawmakers is all the people who aren’t economists. 
Sixty-two percent said they are bothered “a lot” by a sense that corporations don’t pay enough in taxes, according to a survey by the nonpartisan Pew Research Center, making it a bigger concern than the code’s complexity or how much they pay in taxes. 
And if lawmakers agree to cut the corporate tax, they will face enormous pressure from other types of businesses or complaints they are helping Home Depot but not their local hardware stores. 
Trump's plan to cut rates on those “pass through” companies — whose profits are passed directly to the owners and taxed as personal income — will cost an additional $1.5 trillion, on top of the $2.2 trillion cost of the corporate-rate cut, the CRFB says. 
But that won’t be enough for many Republicans who, for all their friendliness to the business community, don’t want to be see cutting business taxes without doing something commensurate for individual taxpayers. 
When Reagan pushed through massive tax cuts in 1981, he was careful to include more than twice as much for individuals than businesses. When George W. Bush cut taxes in 2001 he almost entirely ignored businesses, focusing on cutting individual taxes. 
Even the last big cut in the corporate rate — in 1986 — was actually a tax increase in disguise that lawmakers used to finance tax cuts for everyone else. 
That seminal legislation slashed the corporate rate to 34 percent from 46 percent, but lawmakers simultaneously took away so many business tax deductions and other narrow preferences that corporations ended up swallowing a $120 billion tax increase. Lawmakers used that money to offset the cost of similarly sized breaks for individuals. 
But not everyone agrees that lawmakers must follow that formula. 
Stephen Moore, a former Trump tax adviser, says Republicans ought to focus on simply cutting taxes on corporations and individuals, throw in some infrastructure spending, and sell it to the public as a jobs bill. 
“The big beneficiaries of business tax cuts will be workers,” he said. “We’re cutting taxes for employers so they can create more jobs — that’s the argument.”



ARTICLE
A firm co-founded by Donald Trump’s original campaign manager Corey Lewandowski appears to have been pitching clients around the world by offering not only policy and political advice, but also face time with President Trump, Vice President Mike Pence and senior members of their administration, according to documents and interviews.
A document provided to an Eastern European politician by an international consulting firm that Lewandowski co-founded this year promises to arrange “meetings with well-established figures,” including Trump, Pence, “key members of the U.S. Administration” and outside Trump allies. 
Story Continued Below
The previously unreported firm, Washington East West Political Strategies, was created by Lewandowski and fellow Trump campaign veteran Barry Bennett — as well as an Azerbaijani oil executive and an American political consultant who works extensively in Russia — to prospect for political business in Eastern Europe. And Lewandowski and Bennett have created different firms with other partners to prospect in the Middle East, Canada and Central America, Bennett said. 
The Washington East West Political Strategies document boasts that its clients will benefit from its partners’ ability to “leverage” their “trusted relations with the U.S. Administration,” as well as European parliamentarians and leading Western journalists.
Lewandowski did not respond to requests for comment.
Bennett, in an interview, said that he hadn’t seen the Washington East West Political Strategies document. He acknowledged, though, that he and Lewandowski started the firm. And he explained it was one of several international recruitment vehicles that would allow business partners around the world to earn commissions by enlisting international clients for another firm that he co-founded with Lewandowski in the weeks after the election called Avenue Strategies.
But Bennett stressed that the firms have yet to sign any international clients, and predicted that most of the firm’s work domestically and internationally would be political or policy consulting — not lobbying or arranging meetings or calls with elected officials.
However, people who are familiar with Lewandowski’s pitch to potential clients say he has pledged that he would personally call Trump or his Cabinet members if necessary on behalf of prospective Avenue Strategies clients. 
Yet Lewandowski has not formally registered as a lobbyist.
The lack of any such registration by Lewandowski to date — combined with his boasts about his Trump connections — irks competing lobbyists and ethics watchdogs. They say Lewandowski is flouting the spirit of the lobbying rules, and abusing his access to the Trump White House. Meanwhile, White House officials worry that Lewandowski’s efforts to market his access — which are brazen even by K Street’s unbashful standards — are an influence-peddling scandal waiting to happen for a president who pledged to end the dominance of lobbyists and special interests in Washington.
“Whether Corey Lewandowski is just engaging in business as usual or actually going further, it definitely has a pervading swampiness to it that has become the new normal in Trump’s Washington,” said Lisa Gilbert, vice president of legislative affairs for the government watchdog group Public Citizen.
The White House did not respond to requests for comment for this story.
Avenue Strategies’ lawyer, John Mino, said the firm and its employees “take their compliance obligation seriously,” and are fully compliant with lobbying disclosure laws.
Bennett said the reason Lewandowski hasn’t registered to lobby is that “he hasn’t lobbied.” 
Lewandowski tells clients “upfront that he’s not going to register to lobby,” Bennett said. “Lobbying is relatively small portion of our business.”
He added that “90 percent of our business has nothing to do with access. Ninety percent of our business has to do with being a sherpa — who to call, what to do. We don’t take people in to see the president or the vice president.”
Nonetheless, Lewandowski continues to have relatively unimpeded access to Trump, according to three senior administration officials. They said Lewandowski has the ability to get the president on the phone without going through gate-keepers, and to visit the West Wing, which he’s done several times during Trump’s presidency, including one early visit during which he posed for pictures with the president and requested several copies of the resulting photo.
Yet, Lewandowski, who was forced off the campaign in June amid a bitter power struggle with then-campaign chairman Paul Manafort, remains a polarizing figure in Trump’s orbit.
He has butted heads with key White House aides — including White House chief of staff Reince Priebus and senior adviser Jared Kushner — and frequently criticizes the president's staff, according to several people who have spoken to Lewandowski. 
Lewandowski’s access to the president is a sore subject for some senior officials, according to one such official. "Why is Corey in the West Wing?" the official said.
But a second senior official asserted Lewandowski is “not a liability,” and is “not weighing in” on White House personnel or strategic decisions, let alone on behalf of clients. Instead, the official said Lewandowski is merely using his access for access’ sake.
Access can be highly lucrative for lobbyists, particularly in the age of Trump, since relatively few established K Street powerhouses have ties to the new president. 
At a large party Lewandowski threw earlier this year to woo potential clients at Avenue’s corporate offices, he pointed out that the office overlooks the White House, and boasted about his access to the president and some of his clients, according to an attendee.
Indeed, Trump’s election has elevated a new breed of political influencer, distinguished by closeness to a president but with little previous political experience and few ties to long-established lobbyists. Lewandowski is perhaps the most aggressive of the lot, overtly making the case that his ties to the new president give him an edge over GOP establishment figures.
Most of the new breed — including many of Lewandowski’s business partners — have erred on the side of caution when it comes to lobbying rules.
Lobbying registrations have been filed on behalf of most of Lewandowski’s associates at Avenue Strategies, including Bennett and a pair of GOP operatives hired after working on Trump’s campaign — Mike Rubino and Jason Osborne.
According to congressional and other government records, Avenue Strategies has inked five contracts worth a total of $265,000 through the first few months of the year.
In the cases of two clients signed by Avenue Strategies — a biomedical data company called Flow Health and the Puerto Rico Federal Affairs Administration — Lewandowski said he would personally make calls to Trump and administration officials to help the clients achieve their public policy goals, according to three people familiar with Avenue’s pitches to the clients.
Bennett denies this, saying “I have never heard him tell a client that.”
Both Flow and Puerto Rico have struggled to get what they wanted from the federal government since signing with Avenue Strategies. 
Flow had sought Avenue’s assistance to try to get the Department of Veterans Affairs to reinstate a five-year contract that had been awarded to Flow last spring to analyze veteran’s genetic data. The contract reportedly was canceled late last year. The VA did not respond to questions about the status of the contract, or whether Lewandowski or his firm had contacted the department about the matter.
And the Department of Justice this month rejected Puerto Rico’s request for $2.5 million to fund a plebiscite vote on whether the island wants to become a state, while Trump this week came out strongly against pushes to help Puerto Rico cover a Medicaid shortfall or to allow the U.S. territory to restructure billions in debt.
Avenue’s arrangement with Flow Health was terminated late last month amid an apparent dispute.
Avenue reported in congressional filings that Flow had committed to paying $50,000 for lobbying in the first quarter of the year. But someone familiar with the arrangement said that Avenue never actually formalized it, while Bennett said Flow was “all talk, no payment.” 
Flow officials declined to comment. But a person familiar with the situation said Flow had grown frustrated with Lewandowski and Avenue.
Pedro Cerame, a spokesman for the Puerto Rico Federal Affairs Administration (which is the territorial government’s office in Washington), said he wasn’t sure what Lewandowski’s role was. Generally, though, he said “the government hires the lobbyist who they think can advance the interests of Puerto Rico.”
Documents from the Puerto Rican controller’s office show that the government’s Washington office signed Avenue Strategies to a $125,000 contract covering the four months from March through June. 
Before that, the office had considered hiring more experienced lobbying or public affairs firms, including Mercury and Navigators Global, according to three strategists familiar with Puerto Rico’s lobbying presence in Washington. The strategists said Avenue was chosen because the office’s connections were mostly to Democratic politicians and Lewandowski was seen as giving Puerto Rico an inside track in the Trump administration.
A Justice Department spokeswoman did not respond to questions about the status of the plebiscite or which lobbyists had contacted the department about the matter.
Two of the strategists said some high-ranking Puerto Rican officials have soured on Lewandowski and his firm and already are asking around about possible replacements. 
Most federal lobbying occurs at the congressional and agency level, where Lewandowski’s main selling point — his access to the president — doesn’t always carry much weight.
One agency staffer said Lewandowski was “trying to infiltrate the agencies and figure out where the Trump people were, so he can get what he wants.” The staffer said Lewandowski has asked senior officials at agencies for the rosters of their “beachhead teams” — early Trump agency appointees often drawn from the ranks of campaign staff.
Lewandowski, through Bennett, denied seeking this information.
In at least one instance, Lewandowski and his team did in fact deliver a meeting with Trump and a prospective client of their firm — Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim. 
The December sit-down at Trump’s Mar-a-Lago resort came days after Lewandowski had traveled to Mexico on a business-development trip and met with Slim, who had traded barbs with Trump during the presidential campaign.
“And from that meeting, they all thought it would be interesting if Mr. Slim met with Mr. Trump, and that’s what happened,” said Slim spokesman Arturo Elias Ayub. While Bennett suggested at the time that the relationship might lead to a contract, Ayub stressed that it has not. 
“We haven’t paid him anything, and we don’t have any deals of any kind with his agency,” said Ayub. “I think they thought it could be good for everybody to get them together so that Mr. Slim could tell Mr. Trump his point of view, and that Mr. Trump could tell Mr. Slim his point of view. But they never mentioned or insinuated about any kind of business relationship.”
Even without money changing hands, Gilbert of Public Citizen argued that Lewandowski or his associates may have been obligated to disclose their efforts to broker the meeting to the Justice Department pursuant to the Foreign Agents Registration Act. It requires anyone representing foreign entities — including governments, politicians, individuals or companies — in the U.S to report their activities within 10 days “of agreeing to become an agent and before performing any activities for the foreign principal.”
But Mino, Avenue’s lawyer, argued that the situation didn’t trigger the act’s disclosure requirements because Avenue Strategies had not been formally created, and Trump hadn’t yet become president.
“At the time that meeting took place, no participant was an elected official,” Mino said, specifying that Trump “was elected as president, but he didn't hold the office.”
Lewandowski and his team have pitched political figures or governments from multiple Eastern European countries, including Albania and Kosovo, Osborne and Bennett have confirmed.
“We want to do a lot of foreign elections, and I think we will,” Bennett said, though he stressed “I don’t believe East West has even offered anyone a contract yet.”
The pitch documents produced by Washington East West Political Strategies and obtained by POLITICO spell out numerous proposed activities that would seem to trigger FARA registration if the activities were performed on behalf of clients. Those include arranging meetings with Trump and his administration. The document also offers prospective clients possible meetings with Trump allies, including former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani and tech billionaire Peter Thiel, as well as arranging letters of support from members of Congress and winning favorable coverage for politicians from “international correspondents with whom we enjoy trusted relationships.” The document provides a list of more than two dozen such journalists, including several based in the U.S., and also promises to create “microsites” and “a global social media matrix” to spread positive news about the politician.
Washington East West Political Strategies, which incorporated in Delaware in February, has only a basic website that doesn’t list its partners. But the pitch document obtained by POLITICO indicates that Lewandowski and Bennett formed the firm with Rauf Mammadov, who was the head of the U.S. office of the State Oil Company of the Azerbaijan Republic, and Marshall Comins, a political consultant who “worked extensively in the former Soviet Union and Sub-Saharan Africa consulting governments, high net-worth individuals and politicians.” According to the document, Comins’ clients include Jeff Monson, a former mixed-martial arts champion who has become a prominent figure in Russia’s Communist Party, and Mike Nicholas Sango, Zimbabwe's ambassador to Russia, who last year met with Monson to discuss U.S. sanctions against Russia.
Monson and Mammadov didn’t respond to messages seeking comment. But Bennett said Mammadov is “a longtime friend,” who brought on Comins. Bennett stressed that all the partners would abide by disclosure requirements.
But several sources briefed on Lewandowski’s pitches said he stressed that he could advise clients on how to navigate Trump’s Washington without registering their contracts by avoiding making the calls himself. That loophole, which is still legal, was named for former Senate Democratic Leader Tom Daschle, who utilized it for years to evade lobbying disclosure.
And more established consultants and lobbyists with blue-chip clientele have discussed the prospect of bringing in Lewandowski as a vendor on their contracts, according to consultants familiar with the talks. Such a subcontracting arrangement also could bypass disclosure triggers. And it could allow controversy-shy companies to benefit from Lewandowski’s undeniable access to Trump while avoiding the type of publicity that sometimes follows the bombastic GOP operative.
“We didn't doubt he had real connections with influence in the White House,” said an executive who talked with Lewandowski about retaining his firm, but ultimately decided not to. “Our concern was that he also had real enemies with influence within the White House.” Pointing to suggestions that Bennett made to The New York Times that he and Lewandowski could help mitigate damage from Twitter attacks by Trump, the executive said “I became concerned it was just a matter of time before he did something more controversial and would give those enemies more ammunition to go after him with and he would become persona non grata at the White House, so we moved on.”
Bennett said “I don’t think we’re adding to the swamp. I hope that we’re taking some of the swamp away. There are a lot of people who are good people who need a strategy. There are a lot of people who are allies to the United States and they want to help, but they want to know how.”
Colin Wilhelm contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
In the first 99 days of Donald Trump’s drama-filled presidency, one prominent administration official seems to have done the impossible.
Vice President Mike Pence has delicately sidestepped the infighting, scandals and staff shakeups that have dragged down many of Trump’s aides, instead taking his cues from the president as he shapes one of the most consequential jobs in the world.
Story Continued Below
While many vice presidents angle for power inside the West Wing, Pence has defined his role narrowly. His thinking, according to those close to him, is that the vice president has only two constitutional duties — to serve as president of the Senate and to be prepared in case of the worst. The rest is up to Trump. 
“I think that Mike has said many times that he serves at the pleasure of the president and that he looks to support the president and help the president get the job accomplished,” said Marc Short, a former Pence aide who now serves as White House director of legislative affairs. 
Pence’s approach has allowed him to artfully navigate the warring fiefdoms that have emerged in the West Wing and stay in Trump’s good graces — even if it means he hasn't amassed the influence, as many had hoped, to pull the president in a more conservative direction.
The former Indiana governor speaks with Trump multiple times a day and is a regular presence in the Oval Office, senior administration officials say. He has cultivated good relationships with Ivanka Trump and son-in-law Jared Kushner, remains close with chief of staff Reince Priebus and senior adviser Kellyanne Conway, has developed a bond with economic adviser Gary Cohn, and even has a good rapport with Steve Bannon, the combative chief strategist who has alienated many in Trump’s inner circle.
“He’s so calm and low key he doesn’t become one of the soap opera stars,” said former House speaker and Trump confidant Newt Gingrich. “He hasn’t gotten any scars in the first 100 days. … In a place this controversial, I’d say that’s pretty good.”
Or, as one person close to Pence put it: “He hasn’t stepped in it.”
But staying above the fray has come at a cost. Interviews with more than half a dozen current and former senior Pence aides as well as several administration officials and friends of Pence who spoke on the condition of anonymity offer a portrait of a vice president who has earned the president’s trust but hasn’t yet capitalized on it inside the West Wing — and who has thus far racked up few tangible accomplishments. 
Indeed, some close to him say he has hung back intentionally, modeling himself more like a loyal staffer than a first among equals in the Trump Cabinet. By contrast, Vice President Dick Cheney — on whose tenure Pence has said he wanted to model his own — angled to be the last person to speak to the president before he made a consequential decision, never shielding him from uncomfortable facts.
Pence is cutting a different figure than his stated role model, sidestepping confrontations with the president where other Cabinet members have not. In December and January, he and his staff interviewed Elliott Abrams, the former Bush administration national security aide who was critical of Trump during the campaign, to be his national security adviser. Pence instead tapped a little-known Army colonel for the post, and it was Secretary of State Rex Tillerson who ultimately pushed to bring on Abrams as his deputy, though Trump overruled him at the last minute.
“Pence didn’t even want to have the fight” with the president, said one senior Republican operative, who cited it as an instance of the vice president pre-emptively avoiding a confrontation with Trump — and of taking on a less experienced aide instead.
Pence has also been quick to table his own preferences once the president has made up his mind. At times, that has meant swallowing hard: He did not love every aspect of the health care bill but pushed hard for its passage, holding late-night meetings and hitting the road to rally support.
That sort of loyalty, however, hasn’t translated into clout within the administration or a position within Trump’s inner circle, occupied by Priebus, Kushner and Bannon, plus ambitious and influential aides like Cohn, deputy national security adviser Dina Powell and national security adviser H.R. McMaster.
 Nor is it clear Pence has tried to place himself there. “If he isn’t ineffectual, he sure is invisible,” said one prominent Republican. Another — a longtime friend of the vice president — said that it’s “not clear that he has any more influence than any other senior staffer.”
Others pushed back on the notion that Pence has been edged out by bigger personalities in Trump’s orbit.
"He’s afforded the chance to have a weekly lunch with the president and that gives them the chance to have a more private discussion,” said Short. “I don’t think that he lacks an opportunity to share his views with the president. They often start the day together with a call. I think they’ve developed an incredibly close relationship."
"In these first 100 days they’ve been together quite a lot during office hours," Short added.
“He is legitimately the president’s peer in the West Wing,” said Conway, counselor to the president.
Pence’s office declined to make him available for an interview and has generally declined to cooperate with any profile requests, out of a desire not to upstage Trump. Chris Ruddy, a friend of the president’s and CEO of the conservative media company Newsmax, called him “the perfect vice president for Donald Trump” in part because he “lets the president glow without distraction.”
 And while he may not be Trump’s go-to adviser during tough deliberations, the president has still handed him a sizeable portfolio, ranging from repealing and replacing Obamacare to representing America abroad while the president remains in the comfort of Washington and his resort in Florida.
Pence has been globetrotting to reassure allies and represent Trump’s muscular foreign policy, telling NATO allies that the U.S. will continue to stand as a check on Russia, and touring the Asia-Pacific region signaling that the Obama-era focus on the region will not disappear under Trump.
And, of course, the one Trump loyalist to put Pence in a tenuous spot — former national security adviser Michael Flynn — was quickly shown the door, though he was kept in the White House for weeks after senior administration officials learned he had misled the vice president about his meetings with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak. In fact, Pence only found out about Flynn’s misdirection through media reports.
Many lawmakers, particularly on the Republican side, were hopeful that Pence, who served as a congressman from Indiana for more than a decade, would bring his experience to bear on Capitol Hill, serving as an indispensable liaison between Republicans in Congress and White House aides with less policy experience. 
“If you look at the last administration, Biden played a very critical role because Barack Obama had absolutely no idea how a bill became a law. So Biden played a very constructive role in trying to communicate to the Hill when they were trying to get something done,” said Josh Holmes, former chief of staff to McConnell. Pence, he said, has an opportunity to fill the same void, given that the administration is otherwise filled with “an awful lot of New York people.” 
“That just doesn’t work,” Holmes said. 
Yet several White House aides expressed frustration that the bulk of the work for selling a flawed Obamacare repeal bill fell to Pence, rather than to House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) and his leadership team. Pence's initial foray on Capitol Hill left him frustrated, associates say, and though he was in frequent contact with Ryan in the early days of the administration, often dropping in on him announced, their communications have dropped off. 
Pence has been particularly frustrated with the House Freedom Caucus, a group that he says he would be a member of were he still in Congress.
 “He’s been disappointed. He’s been disappointed in their lack of fortitude, in their lack of solutions,” said one person close to Pence. “He doesn’t think it should be this difficult to do the right thing and the obvious thing. He knows he’s bent over backwards and the president’s bent over backwards and he’s been shocked.”
He’s even told associates that he’s gained some empathy for the George W. Bush administration officials who tried to wrangle his vote years ago. (Bush strategist Karl Rove in particular was a frequent adversary.) Indeed, Pence spent the bulk of his time as a legislator casting protest votes against the Bush administration’s major initiatives, from No Child Left Behind to the Medicare Part D prescription drug plan. But, as one former Hill staffer said, Pence “knew when to take 'yes' for an answer.” 
If Pence was a successful oppositionist, he’s finding it more difficult to cobble together a governing coalition. At times, he has also wondered why it is he — and not Ryan or Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, with whom he enjoys strong relationships — who is trying to corral a splintered conference and to twist arms on votes. 
“Many of us have advised him against that,” a Pence confidant said. “He’s not the conference chairman anymore. He’s the vice president of the United States. They have asked him to frequently do what many around Mike knew was their job.” 
But as the face of the administration’s second act on Obamacare repeal, Pence's first major victory may now be on the horizon. The vice president was crucial in restarting negotiations with the House Freedom Caucus and the moderate Tuesday group for a renewed health care that the administration hopes will end in redemption. 
He has taken a gentler approach than the president, who singled out Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows in a closed-door meeting and threatened lawmakers by telling them that a vote against the bill would imperil their reelection chances in 2018. And he has gotten results: The House Freedom Caucus on Wednesday announced its support for a new version of a repeal bill that includes an amendment from New Jersey Rep. Tom MacArthur, a co-chair of the moderate Tuesday group, moving Pence a step closer to his first significant win, though the House vote was delayed this week and the bill’s prospects in the Senate remain uncertain. 
And as the administration closes in on its first 100 days, Pence enjoys a higher favorability rating than Trump — he was most recently clocked at 49 percent by Morning Consult, while Trump hovers in the low 40s — and has stayed in good standing with the president. That’s in part because he possesses in equal measure two of the traits Trump values most in those around him: loyalty and deference.
While he initially said he would vote for Ted Cruz in the Indiana primary, that endorsement was halfhearted, and he endorsed Trump a week later. He also stood steadfastly by the Manhattan businessman through the campaign's darkest moments. Pence, an evangelical Christian, preached forgiveness in the wake of revelations that Trump bragged on tape about groping women's genitals, while others nudged Trump to drop out of the race.
Sold as a conservative stalwart who could bridge the gap between Trump’s populist base and rank-and-file Republicans, Pence was a success on the campaign trail, standing by Trump when other Republicans prepared to jump ship and telling conservatives it was “time to come home” down the final stretch.
“The vice president has been steady, consistent, high energy, high impact and involved in every major decision and major conversation that the president has made,” Conway said. “He’s a trusted co-pilot.” 
Known for his humility — Pence’s longtime aides still call him “Mike” — he goes out of his way to give Trump credit whenever possible. After his vice presidential debate with Sen. Tim Kaine (D-Va.), Pence repeatedly stated that his debate's real winner was Trump. Since being sworn in, Pence has made it clear that he views his job as whatever the president wants it to be — whether it involves foreign trips and Capitol Hill deal-making or, if their relationship were to go south, attending funerals and keeping quiet.
His decision to define the job narrowly also has some wondering whether he is working to avoid controversy in an attempt to lay the groundwork for a future presidential bid of his own.
“He would obviously be a favorite for a future presidential campaign after Trump has been president, and that’s unusual for somebody who didn’t run himself in what was a very crowded and talented field this year,” Conway told National Review during the campaign.
But the posture of vice president as staffer has some wondering why Pence isn’t doing more to capitalize on his goodwill. One senior administration official said Pence’s affability allows some top aides to treat him like one of their own, but that doing so is a “huge mistake.” Unlike Bannon, Priebus and even Kushner, after all, Pence cannot be fired.
“He should be the most powerful vice president in recent history,” said one person close to him, noting that when it comes to dealing with Congress, “He’s got credibility up there that nobody else in the White House has.”



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump said Thursday he expected the presidency to be "easier" than his "previous life" as a real estate mogul. 
"I loved my previous life. I had so many things going," the president told Reuters in a wide-ranging Oval Office interview. "This is more work than in my previous life. I thought it would be easier."
Story Continued Below
The president also expressed a willingness to attend next year's White House Correspondents' Dinner, after breaking with decades of precedent in February by publicly rejecting an invitation to attend this year's gala. 
"I would come next year, absolutely," he said of the event. 
The 2017 White House Correspodents' Dinner will take place April 29 without Trump and the White House staff, who will not attend in support of the president's decision.
Trump, who spent years in the public limelight as a billionaire real estate magnate and reality television star, also lamented the lack of privacy in his new life as the country's most prominent public servant. 
"You're really into your own little cocoon, because you have such massive protection that you really can't go anywhere," he said.
Trump added: "I like to drive. I can't drive any more."



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump's senior advisers were unable to agree on whether the United States should remain in the Paris climate change pact during a meeting Thursday afternoon at the White House, two administration officials told POLITICO.
But those who attended the meeting said there is a growing consensus among the advisers that the United States can't stay in the deal unless it negotiates new terms.
Story Continued Below
While it would be difficult, if not impossible, to renegotiate the Paris deal that won the backing of nearly 200 nations in 2015, Trump administration officials are increasingly discussing leveraging the uncertainty over the U.S. position to boost the White House's policy priorities in future discussions.
If the administration can't extract new benefits for the U.S., Trump is willing to pull out of the deal altogether, officials said.
"We're trying to decide whether we are going to stay and make changes or leave. But we're not going to just stay," one official said.
The officials who attended Thursday's meeting did not reach a consensus recommendation to deliver to Trump, but they're expected to meet again to discuss the issue.
Trump's advisers are divided over what to do about the agreement that was a major policy priority for former President Barack Obama. Chief strategist Steve Bannon and EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt are in favor of withdrawing. Others, like senior adviser Jared Kushner, support staying in the deal.
Those who support staying have quietly been trying to win backing from energy companies, arguing that the industry will have a better chance of drawing international support to develop technology to reduce emissions from the use of coal. And the officials have said they plan to weaken Obama's emissions reduction target.
A meeting of G-7 energy ministers — including Energy Secretary Rick Perry — in Rome earlier this month erupted in a dispute when Trump administration officials pushed to include stronger pro-coal, pro-nuclear language in a proposed joint statement on energy policy and declined to include references to the Paris climate agreement.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump said Thursday he’s going to start talks “very soon” with Canada and Mexico to improve the North American Free Trade Agreement — a day after his aides said he was thinking of withdrawing completely.
But sitting down at the negotiating table won’t be easy. Each country wants something from the others. And the three-way negotiation could lead to months of give and take over everything from lumber subsidies to immigration policy.
Story Continued Below
Trump also will have to work within the complex negotiating structures set out by law — and appease the many competing American interest groups that will be jockeying for a good deal for themselves.
Here's POLITICO's look at what each country wants as Trump tries to make a deal with the U.S. neighbors to the north and south — after insulting both in recent weeks.
United States
He’s blamed NAFTA for a loss of American jobs, but Trump hasn’t been very specific about what he wants from a new agreement. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said Thursday the U.S. is looking to better the pact's agricultural, manufacturing and services provisions, and give it an overall modernization.
He said "some trade imbalances" have come up, referring to the deficits the U.S. runs with Mexico and Canada, and that the White House wants to talk about areas outside of NAFTA, like access to Canada's dairy market.
The administration is consulting with Congress over precise negotiating objectives, but a draft notification letter circulated among key lawmakers in late March revealed its initial thinking.
Market access:  In a nod to U.S. farm and business groups worried about losing valuable sales to Canada and Mexico, the draft said Trump will “seek to maintain and expand current market access” between the three countries.
Trump also wants to reduce or get rid of non-tariff barriers to U.S. exports. An example of such a barrier: Canada’s controls on the prices and supply of poultry and dairy, which affect whether U.S. producers can sell their products there.
Rules of origin: In one potentially challenging area, the letter said U.S. negotiators will seek changes in the “rules of origin” that dictate how much of a final product must be made from material produced in the U.S., Canada or Mexico to qualify for duty reductions.
Digital trade: The administration would seek commitments from Canada and Mexico to refrain from imposing customs duties on digital products and avoid discriminating against products delivered electronically. It also wants a pledge to prohibit any restrictions to the cross-border flow of data or local data-storage requirements.
There also are many other U.S. objectives — from investor protections comparable to U.S. law, to a safeguard mechanism that allows for tariffs to be re-imposed in response to an import surge.
Mexico
In Mexico City, officials have stood firm against Trump as he has flirted with a pledge to implement a hefty tariff on imports and called for Mexico to pay for a wall along the U.S. southern border. They are not eager to get engaged in a renegotiation — officials say they prefer the term “modernization” — but will work with the U.S. administration, particularly on areas that were not covered in the original NAFTA agreement, such as telecommunications, energy and e-commerce.
Mexico has put few specifics on the table. It will be entering with some demands, rather than maintaining a purely defensive posture, said Moises Kalach, a Mexico City-based businessman who helps lead private-sector engagement with government on trade issues. But officials are trying to hold off on outlining what they want before they see Trump's objectives.
Keeping quotas and tariffs as-is. Mexico's main goal at this stage is to avoid going backward, so any attempt to change standards to a degree considered to be worse for Mexico than what is laid out in the deal would be unacceptable. The idea of revisiting tariff levels or quotas is likely off-limits, said Antonio Ortiz-Mena, who was on Mexico's original NAFTA negotiation team.
Going beyond NAFTA to include security. Mexico has had fairly frequent meetings with U.S. officials. During those get-togethers, Mexican officials have been reminding their U.S. counterparts that the bilateral relationship is about more than just trade — something Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto has highlighted as a guiding principle of the talks. Mexican officials are aiming for “comprehensive negotiations” that also include talk of migration, security, counterterrorism and drug trafficking, among other issues.
Canada
Canada is likely to make its own demands in the negotiations.
Access to the U.S. market. At the top of Canada’s list is maintaining the deep access to the U.S. market that NAFTA has provided Canadian firms. But Ottawa is also looking for improvements, especially in terms of access to U.S. government contracts. Canadian firms would like more exemptions to “Buy America” requirements — though that may be unlikely, given that Trump has made domestic procurement a marquee issue.
Easier U.S. immigration for workers. Canada is expected to push to get high-skilled workers better access to the U.S. labor market — another demand that could get pushback, in light of the Trump administration’s desire to reform the temporary-worker visa program. Canada also wants the U.S. to provide better recognition of Canadian professional credentials.
Reformed dispute resolution for companies. Ottawa may also push for improvements to NAFTA’s investor-state dispute mechanism, a system through which individual companies can sue countries for alleged discriminatory practices. This arrangement is commonly found in trade and international investment agreements, including most U.S. trade deals. In a separate deal with the European Union, Canada agreed to major changes to the process that would improve transparency and accountability, which it may want to see in NAFTA.
What’s next?
Trump said Thursday that the timeline for talks is “actually starting today.” But it is not that simple.
Legal requirements surrounding re-opening trade deals have slowed down the White House. Consultation procedures laid out by Congress in the 2015 trade promotion authority law require the president to follow certain steps if he wants to submit a trade agreement to Congress for a straight up-or-down vote, without any amendments.
Trump can’t formally begin negotiations with Canada and Mexico until his administration gives Congress 90 days’ notice. And the law requires him to consult with panels in both chambers of Congress on details of the notification letter before it is sent. That’s where things have gotten tricky.
Trump trade officials have met with a House advisory group, but not with the Senate group. One reason: Senate Democrats have argued that the 2015 law requires the president to have a confirmed U.S. trade representative before the meeting can take place, and confirmation of Trump’s pick for U.S. trade representative, Robert Lighthizer, has been delayed by multiple disputes, including Democrats’ assertion that he needs a waiver to serve as USTR because of past work for foreign governments.
But a Senate vote on Lighthizer could occur soon if those issues are dealt with in spending legislation that lawmakers must pass this week to avoid a government shutdown.
Formal negotiations won’t begin until August, in all likelihood. A key event in the lead-up to formal talks could be the annual North American Leaders summit, which typically takes place in the summer. But it’s not clear whether the three governments intend to hold the meeting this year.
Whenever talks begin, they will be made more complicated by Trump’s ever-present threat to withdraw from the agreement if he feels his demands are not being met.
“The fact that he reversed himself once doesn’t mean that he’s gone all soft and cuddly,” said Gary Hufbauer, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics. “This is the eternal card. … He can turn it over again and again."
Nahal Toosi contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
Repealing and replacing the Affordable Care Act is still “so complicated,” as President Donald Trump has said, but he and House leadership are slowly getting there.
House leadership was scrounging for votes today, POLITICO’s Kyle Cheney, Rachael Bade and Josh Dawsey report. And there are signs of progress: Conservatives who torpedoed the bill the first time around are largely on board. Some, if not all, of the House’s moderates seem to be warming to the legislation. 
Story Continued Below
Still, it’s unlikely one of Trump’s top legislative priorities is going to be achieved this week — and still not clear it will get done at all: “GOP leaders are still struggling to get enough critics of the bill to back it. … More foreboding for House leaders, several centrist Republicans who backed earlier versions of the proposal, including Reps. Mike Coffman (R-Colo.) and Adam Kinzinger (R-Ill.), are now undecided on the current plan.”
And, of course, the House is just the first hurdle. It’s not at all clear that the GOP-controlled Senate is supportive of what the House has been working on. There are still a lot of questions about what the bill would actually do. For their part, House Democrats are threatening to shut down the government if a repeal vote is held this week. 
Elsewhere in Trump’s orbit: 
ACOSTA LIVING: The Senate confirmed Alexander Acosta to lead President Trump’s Department of Labor. That leaves one Cabinet-level vacancy: The U.S. trade representative. 
FLYNN’S SINS: Former national security adviser Michael Flynn was explicitly warned not to take money from foreign governments after he was fired from his job as the head of the Defense Intelligence Agency. An investigator general has launched an investigation. 
FLYNN SPIN: White House press secretary Sean Spicer said it was the Obama administration’s fault that Flynn — who Trump counted as his top campaign national security aide and was appointed as his first national security adviser — received renewed security clearance. 
SHOPPING AT THE GAP: It looks like a short-term bill to fund the government will go forward on Friday, averting a government shutdown for now. 
LICENSING AGREEMENT: The White House says Ivanka Trump will have no authority over one of her signature ideas — a World Bank fund to promote women-owned businesses. (Washington Post)
STILL IN SESSION: Attorney General Jeff Sessions vowed to keep up the fight to clip funding for so-called sanctuary cities after an appellate judge said the Trump administration couldn’t cut them. 
WHITE WATTERS RAFTING: Fox News host Jesse Watters abruptly announced he was going on vacation until Monday, a day after he was criticized by some as making a lewd comment about Ivanka Trump. (The New York Times) 
SOMEBODY TELL @JACK: Trump’s “free-flowing tweets have invited more threats than his security detail can keep pace to investigate.”
WELCOME TO THE BIG LEAGUE: In his first 100 days, Trump — and his aides — have had to reckon with him growing into a job that he has embraced but is also larger and harder than what he imagined. 
And there you have it. You’re caught up on the Trump administration. TGIT!



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump blasted Democrats on Thursday in a flurry of tweets, accusing them of angling for a government shutdown and suggesting that they are prioritizing protecting Obamacare over spending on defense and border security.
“I promise to rebuild our military and secure our border. Democrats want to shut down the government. Politics!” Trump wrote in one of six messages posted on Twitter within minutes of one another. “What's more important? Rebuilding our military — or bailing out insurance companies? Ask the Democrats,” he added in another.
Story Continued Below
With Trump’s administration nearing its 100th day, White House officials and Republicans on Capitol Hill have yet to reach a deal on must-pass legislation to keep the government open past Friday. And even as work continues on a government funding package, the White House has reportedly been pushing GOP leaders to schedule another vote on legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare, the previous iteration of which failed to garner enough votes in the Republican-controlled House.
The president also expressed his desire to aid retired coal miners, whose pensions and health benefits will soon come to an end without federal aid. Trump, who embraced miners and the coal industry throughout his campaign, promised to tackle the issue of miner benefits — and to rebuild the military — if only the Democrats would get out of the way.
“I want to help our miners while the Democrats are blocking their health care,” Trump said. “Democrats jeopardizing the safety of our troops to bail out their donors from insurance companies. It is time to put #AmericaFirst.”
Until the White House backed off its demands, money for Trump’s long-promised border wall had proven to be a sticking point in funding negotiations, with Democrats unwilling to allocate any money toward the controversial project. Taking direct aim at Senate Democrats who voted more than a decade ago in favor of border fence legislation that was much less ambitious than Trump’s border wall plan, the president wrote that “Democrats used to support border security — now they want illegals to pour through our borders.”
Upcoming summer vacations for many American families also offered Trump an opportunity to tighten the screws on Democrats.
“As families prepare for summer vacations in our National Parks — Democrats threaten to close them and shut down the government. Terrible!” he wrote.
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer's spokesman Matt House hit back at Trump, tweeting, "These shutdown tweets are desperate, unhinged, and show a startling lack of awareness for where the negotiations actually are."



ARTICLE
Donald Trump is languishing in the polls as he approaches the 100-day mark in the White House, but a new survey released Thursday shows the president’s voters are still firmly in his corner.
The overwhelming majority of Trump voters surveyed by the University of Virginia Center of Politics, 93 percent, approve of the job Trump is doing as president. Only 7 percent of voters who said they cast their ballot for Trump now disapprove of his performance, the poll shows.
Story Continued Below
“Trump voters are extraordinarily loyal and supportive of the guy they voted for last November,” said Republican pollster Glen Bolger, who conducted the poll and focus groups for the school. “All the controversy, all the stuff you read in media about how it’s chaotic, how they don’t have their act together — they don’t see it.”
That sentiment — the idea that what some see as dysfunction in the White House is viewed by many Trump voters as disruptive action — was backed up by focus groups conducted this month by Bolger’s firm, Public Opinion Strategies.
“He said he was going to do something, and he took immediate action, not, you know, ‘We're going to go transition and everything,’” said a male Trump supporter interviewed in Pittsburgh. “He hit the ground running. He went to work right away.”
Trump’s backing among his voters isn’t absolute: While his overall approval rating in the poll is sky-high, more Trump voters are in the “somewhat approve” column (51 percent) than the “strongly approve" column (42 percent).
And while some Trump voters are unnerved by elements of his nascent presidency, even those who crossed-over or supported him more reluctantly are still willing to give him a chance.
“Basically, you have a president who's only been in there a couple of months. He's just getting acclimated, really, to the job,” said a male Trump voter interviewed in Canton, Michigan, who had previously supported Barack Obama. “And I'm just going to wait and see what he's really going to be able to accomplish.”
The survey and study also explored the extent to which Trump voters were hesitant to express support for him during the campaign — or even now that he is president. More than a quarter of Trump voters, 27 percent, say they were reluctant to tell others they planned to vote for him last fall. And now that he is president, 15 percent still say they are reluctant to express support for him publicly.
Bolger said the survey and focus groups suggest that reticence may help explain why Trump won some states where polls suggested Hillary Clinton was ahead.
“It depends on what circle you're in,” said a female Trump/Obama voter interviewed in Oak Creek, Wisconsin. “You know, I mean, depending on the race of people I'm around … he was very racist, and he came on national television and said he wants like a wall built and he wants this done. And that affects a lot of people that I know, so I didn't want them to know who I voted for, them thinking … because of me that their family is being sent back.”
Trump voters are ready to give the president a Republican House in next year’s midterm elections, the poll shows: Only 2 percent say they plan to vote for the Democratic candidate in their congressional district, compared to 78 percent who would vote for the Republican. One-in-five Trump voters say they are undecided, including 53 percent of independent Trump voters and 37 percent of those who call themselves moderates.
And Trump voters’ perceptions of the president are unlikely to be affected by any critical press coverage he is receiving — they are deeply suspicious of the media. The vast majority of Trump voters, 88 percent, say they agree with Trump’s statement that the news media are “the enemy of the American people.”
“For 88 percent of Trump voters to say the press is the enemy of the American people is to me a pretty amazing finding,” Bolger said.
But Trump voters are also wary of the president’s chief mode of circumventing the media: Twitter. In the poll, 45 percent of Trump voters disapprove of his tweets — a finding backed up by focus group participants.
“I voted for him. I like him. But he's got to stop tweeting, and he's got to stop making ignorant comments because it's not helping him with [Democrats], it's not helping get that unity,” said a female Trump voter in Columbus, Ohio.
The study included a national survey of 1,000 self-identified Trump voters, conducted April 17-19, along with eight focus groups, conducted earlier this month in Pittsburgh, Columbus, Canton, Oak Creek and Houston.



ARTICLE
Defense hawks are starting to lose hope in President Donald Trump’s promises of a “historic” military buildup.
Trump vowed during the campaign to make the military so big and powerful that “nobody — absolutely nobody — is going to mess with us,” and since his inauguration he has rattled sabers at North Korea, launched an airstrike on Syria and dropped an enormous bomb on Islamic State fighters in Afghanistan.
Story Continued Below
But nearly 100 days into his presidency, Republican legislative stumbles have fueled doubts that Congress will approve the $84 billion defense boost he has proposed for this fiscal year and next — a jump that many advocates have already slammed as too small.
And without serious new spending, military leaders have warned Congress, the services’ readiness will continue to erode.
For example, three Navy ships set to deploy this year to Europe and the Middle East will stay in their home ports without the supplemental funds Trump requested. And the Marine Corps has said it will have to ground all of its planes from July to the end of September unless Congress gives it more money in a fiscal 2017 spending bill.
Over the long term, Trump’s plans to grow the military simply won’t happen without more money.
Building and operating a 355-ship Navy would cost $102 billion a year through 2047, about a third more than the amount appropriated in fiscal 2016, according to a Congressional Budget Office report. And personnel costs for the Army and Marines would increase dramatically under Trump’s proposal, which would add more than 70,000 troops between the two services.
“The industry is certainly frustrated that the initial hopefulness has not borne out, or at least not borne out yet,” said Doug Berenson, a managing director of the defense systems practice for the consulting firm Avascent. “A lot of people in the industry, myself included, sort of allowed ourselves to get ahead of ourselves in the first weeks following the election without fully realizing the budget politics that have been with us for the last five or six years are not completely gone.”
The dimmed hopes are already having an impact on defense companies, which are holding back on major investments or hiring decisions until they see whether the boosted Pentagon budgets materialize, said Marc Numedahl, executive vice president at the lobbying firm Crossroads Strategies.
For example, he said, shipbuilders would need to ramp up to handle the type of buildup Trump has called for, including expanding the Navy to at least 350 ships. That would include modernizing shipyards and hiring skilled workers like welders, who can take years to train. But he doesn't expect the defense industry to invest big money until it’s sure more federal dollars are coming.
“Industry is going to be ready to pull the trigger once they know that the government customer has the resources to do it,” he said.
Besides expanding the 275-ship Navy, Trump has called for growing the Army and Marine Corps by 60,000 and 12,000 troops, respectively. And he would buy at least 100 more combat planes for the Air Force.
In one of his first executive orders, the president asked the Pentagon to review other areas where it could improve and invest, addressing shortfalls like delayed maintenance, insufficient training and a lack of spare parts or consumables like fuel and ammunition, as well as any manpower needs.
The White House referred a question about hopes for defense spending to the Office of Management and Budget, which did not respond to a request for comment. But the Pentagon expressed no worries about getting the funding it requires.
"There is enough time for Congress to prevent a lapse in appropriations, and we expect Congress will work with the Administration to complete a short-term continuing resolution or fund much of our additional FY 2017 budget request," Pentagon spokesman Lt. Col. Eric Badger said. "The Secretary and the Service Chiefs highlighted the readiness needs of the armed forces in their recent testimony. That has not changed."
Some key lawmakers aren’t giving up hope, despite obstacles such as the spending limits imposed by the 2011 Budget Control Act and continued Democratic resistance to spending more on defense without an increase for nondefense needs.
"I think arguments about what we need on the defense side are very compelling, " said Rep. Rob Wittman (R-Va.), who chairs the House Armed Services Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee. “It's just a matter of how do we find that pathway in order to get there.”
Yet the signs are not encouraging to a number of close observers of the defense budget wars of recent years — despite Republican control of the White House and Congress, and even though both parties largely agree that national security threats require more military spending.
The competing GOP defense-hawk and budget-hawk camps have yet to find common ground, and it's increasingly doubtful that Democrats will support lifting the Pentagon’s spending limits unless domestic programs receive equal increases.
“Clearly, I think people have dialed back some of the initially exuberant expectations because getting things done in D.C. is hard and the Budget Control Act is still the law of the land,” said Roman Schweizer, an analyst with the Cowen Washington Research Group.
As a result, Trump's supplemental request for Pentagon funding for the rest of this fiscal year, ending Sept. 30, and his broad outline for fiscal 2018’s defense spending face serious hurdles on Capitol Hill.
The supplemental, which seeks $30 billion in extra defense spending, would pay for that increase mostly with cuts to nondefense programs — widely considered a nonstarter with Democrats. It would also require Congress to renegotiate the Budget Control Act caps for this fiscal year, which is already nearly half over.
American Enterprise Institute analyst Mackenzie Eaglen predicted that Congress will pass a smaller supplemental of about $10 billion to $15 billion and fund it through the so-called Overseas Contingency Operations fund, a separate war account that is not subject to the budget caps.
Trump's major effort to boost the military, in the form of a new budget for the fiscal year that starts Oct. 1, faces similar obstacles even before the details have been fully fleshed out.
It calls for spending $603 billion in fiscal 2018, which is roughly $54 billion above the levels mandated by the budget caps — but much lower than many hawks in the defense industry and Congress had hoped for. And again, Trump wants to pay for it by cutting domestic programs, further alienating Democrats.
Democrats argue that domestic spending should be higher, partly to ensure full funding for agencies that play critical roles in national security, such as the FBI and CIA. They say the additional money would also invest in education and nutrition to make sure the military has a qualified pool of recruits for the next generation of service members.
Democratic support could be critical for any defense boost: Congress’ failure to pass Trump’s initial health care bill showed that Republicans can’t necessarily push through their legislative agenda on their own, especially in the Senate, where many actions require 60 votes.
But Wittman told POLITICO that any defense spending increase will probably have to fit within the current caps. That means lawmakers would have to cut from other parts of the discretionary budget or from entitlements like Social Security and Medicare.
Still, he said he’s optimistic that "that lawmakers can set aside differences for the good of the nation."
Rep. Joe Wilson (R-S.C.), chairman of Armed Services’ Readiness Subcommittee, likewise said he hopes lawmakers will unite on a solution given the threats facing the country.
"I firmly believe we can have a bipartisan approach to ensuring that our troops have the training, equipment and resources they need," he said. "Given the current threat situation — North Korea, Syria, Iran, ISIS, Iraq, Afghanistan — I believe this year we can take the first step towards reversing the harmful decline."
The partisan wrangling is a letdown for some leading advocates who had been optimistic that the annual fight over defense spending would end under the new Republican administration.
“Was there some hope that perhaps an increase in the defense budget would be decoupled from the nondefense domestic budget? Yes, absolutely,” said Dan Stohr, a spokesman for the Aerospace Industries Association, which represents more than 300 aerospace companies. “National security is one of the foremost duties for our government. Funding it appropriately should not be held hostage to other spending or other priorities.”
But even what Trump has proposed falls far short of what the association had hoped.
AIA has advocated for a $640 billion defense spending bill for 2018, in line with that proposed by the chairmen of the House and Senate Armed Services Committees, Rep. Mac Thornberry (R-Texas) and Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.).
Stohr said Trump’s $603 billion proposal “would be better than what we would currently experience under the BCA. However, because of the long-term negative effects of operating under the budget control caps, we should get more than that."
Still, Eaglen predicted spirits could be further dashed once Trump releases the full details of his spending plans.
“I’d say the mood is dampening but not dimming quite yet,” Eaglen said. “For now, it’s a hopeful wait-and-see, especially for the 2018 budget details. But if those disappoint come May, as I expect they will, then it will be a very different tune sung at that time.”
One key portent will come this week as Congress faces Friday's deadline to either enact a 2017 appropriations bill, pass another continuing spending resolution or shut down the government, Crossroads Strategies’ Numedahl said.
"If they’re able to get through the end of the month and get to a way forward with defense spending, that shows a good path forward for [fiscal] '18 and '19,” he said. “If they get bogged down and go to a full year CR, which I don’t expect to happen, but if they do I think that’s when industry starts to lose a little faith in this big defense buildup.”



ARTICLE
Republicans’ latest bid to dismantle Obamacare threatens to turn back the clock on protections for the sickest Americans — and stealthily undermine one of President Donald Trump’s biggest health care promises.
The proposal backed by House conservatives — and negotiated with moderate Rep. Tom MacArthur (R-N.J.) — would give states sweeping power to opt out of core Obamacare provisions. Those states would instead set up “high-risk pools,” tried by about three dozen states, red and blue, in the years before the Affordable Care Act to cover people with expensive medical conditions. Most of the pools didn’t work, leaving countless people with cancer, diabetes and other expensive diseases with inadequate coverage — if they had anything at all.
Story Continued Below
The latest legislation satisfies demands from the party’s rightmost flank, which had wanted a sharper break with Obamacare. Yet it’s not clear that it can pass the House, particularly after moderates repeatedly pledged to protect the millions of Americans with pre-existing conditions who are likely to lose their current coverage and end up in these high-risk pools.
The compromise legislation would allow insurers in those states to charge sicker people higher premiums if they haven’t been consistently covered. That marks the revival of a system that could stick the nation’s most vulnerable with skyrocketing insurance costs and far skimpier benefits — and renege on Trump’s promise not to cut Americans’ health coverage.
“Except pre-existing conditions, I would absolutely get rid of Obamacare,” Trump said a year ago during a CNN-Telemundo campaign debate. “I want to keep pre-existing conditions. I think we need it, I think it’s a modern age, and I think we have to have it.” The House GOP has also committed to protecting people who need expensive treatments, vowing on its website not to let insurers charge anyone more for having a pre-existing condition.
This bill doesn’t meet those standards. The Congressional Budget Office estimated than an earlier version of the legislation would mean 24 million fewer people would have coverage in 10 years — and that figure is likely higher with this approach.
“The bottom line is that many people will not be able to afford insurance,” Rep. Elijah Cummings (D-Md.) said. Trump repeatedly promised to come up with a better plan, but this, Cummings said, would leave people with “no plan.”
The MacArthur amendment would clear the way for states to eliminate the health law’s “community rating” requirement, which prevents insurers from charging different prices based on whether someone is sick or healthy. But the state would then have to have a fallback such as a high-risk pool for those priced out of the market.
States often turned to high-risk pools in the pre-Obamacare era, in an attempt to modestly expand coverage to people with pre-existing conditions. But enrollees often paid twice as much as healthy people and received both skimpier benefits and caps on coverage. Their policies often excluded treatments for the very condition that had brought them to the high-risk pool in the first place — for instance, a cancer patient who couldn’t get cancer treatment.
Despite those hefty premiums, high-risk pools were often drastically underfunded, forcing states to restrict enrollment, create waiting lists and limit subsidies to low-income people. By 2011, the state high-risk pools had enrolled just 2 percent of the eligible population on average, and lost a collective $1.2 billion.
“High-risk pools have a long track record, and it’s not particularly pretty,” said Jonathan Oberlander, a health policy professor at the University of North Carolina. “You have to be willing to fund them at enormous levels.”
House Speaker Paul Ryan defended high-risk pools on Thursday morning, saying the one in his home state of Wisconsin “was pretty actually darned good,” and federal funding would make them work even better. 
But only 21,000 people — or about 7 percent of the eligible population — were enrolled in Wisconsin’s high-risk pool before it was shut down when Obamacare took effect. Premiums could run twice the private-market rate, with only the poorest enrollees qualifying for limited subsidies. Health plans carried $2 million lifetime caps and, in an effort to keep costs low, they didn’t actually cover an individual’s pre-existing condition for the first six months of enrollment.
The Obamacare repeal bill would set aside $15 billion in federal funding to help them, said Rep. Mark Meadows (R-N.C.), who helped negotiate the latest proposal. States could also dip into the $100 billion pool designed for market stabilization initiatives.
MacArthur, who calls Obamacare’s pre-existing conditions protection “sacrosanct,” disagrees with the critics. He maintains that the changes wouldn’t lock the sickest people out of the market. His amendment preserves the Obamacare provision banning discrimination based on pre-existing conditions — except it’s toothless if insurers can charge sicker people a lot more for their coverage.
Health policy experts warn that it’s not enough to adequately care for the nation’s sickest Americans.
"By simply being able to price the policy out of reach for the average mortal, it seems to be to be kind of illusory,” said Sabrina Corlette, a professor at Georgetown’s Center on Health Insurance Reforms and a former Democratic congressional aide. States that opt out would likely see a surge of people thrown back into the equivalent of a pre-Obamacare health system.
One alternative to the traditional high risk pools backed by some Republican lawmakers is an “invisible risk-sharing program,” a federal backstop for health plans that shoulders some of the costs for the most expensive enrollees. That concept has a chance at faring better: The money would be used to reimburse insurers and help them to keep premiums low, rather than forcing sick people out of the market.
But the idea is largely untested. Maine operated a risk-sharing program for just 18 months before Obamacare made it obsolete. There’s still debate over how significantly it contributed to falling premiums in the state’s individual market, as well as what it would cost to expand a program from covering a few thousand residents to potentially hundreds of thousands nationwide.
“We can’t really draw conclusions about how adequately it was funded,” said Trish Riley, executive director for the National Academy for State Health Policy, who was a state health official in Maine for many years. “Doing reinsurance is an expensive undertaking.”
All that has left even GOP lawmakers questioning whether the MacArthur amendment can become more than an expensive path toward breaking the party’s pledge to the nation’s sickest.
“People like me don’t want to go back to pre-ACA,” Rep. Larry Bucshon (R-Ind.) said. “I’m still in the process of sorting out where we are, and how much money does that take.”



ARTICLE
The 70-year-old leader of the free world sat behind his desk in the Oval Office last Friday afternoon, doing what he’s done for years: selling himself. His 100th day in office was approaching, and Trump was eager to reshape the hardening narrative of a White House veering off course.
So he took it upon himself to explain that his presidency was actually on track, inviting a pair of POLITICO reporters into the Oval Office for an impromptu meeting. He sat at the Resolute desk, with his daughter Ivanka across from him. One aide said the chat was off-the-record, but Trump insisted, over objections from nervous-looking staffers, that he be quoted. 
Story Continued Below
He addressed the idea that his senior aides weren’t getting along. He called out their names and, one by one, they walked in, each surprised to see reporters in the room—chief of staff Reince Priebus, then chief strategist Steve Bannon, and eventually senior adviser Jared Kushner. “The team gets along really, really well,” he said.
He turned to his relationships with world leaders. “I have a terrific relationship with Xi,” he said, referring to the Chinese president, who Trump recently invited for a weekend visit at his Mar-a-Lago resort.
Finally, he rattled off the biggest hits of his first three months and promised more to come.
It was classic Trump: Confident, hyperbolic and insistent on asserting control.
But interviews with nearly two dozen aides, allies, and others close to the president paint a different picture – one of a White House on a collision course between Trump’s fixed habits and his growing realization that this job is harder than he imagined when he won the election on Nov. 8. 
So far, Trump has led a White House gripped by paranoia and insecurity, paralyzed by internal jockeying for power. Mistrust between aides runs so deep that many now employ their own personal P.R. advisers — in part to ensure their own narratives get out. Trump himself has been deeply engaged with media figures, even huddling in the Oval Office with Matt Drudge.
Trump remains reliant as ever on his children and longtime friends for counsel. White House staff have learned to cater to the president’s image obsession by presenting decisions in terms of how they’ll play in the press. Among his first reads in the morning is still the New York Post. When Trump feels like playing golf, he does — at courses he owns. When Trump feels like eating out, he does — at hotels with his name on the outside.
As president, Trump has repeatedly reminded his audiences, both public and private, about his longshot electoral victory. That unexpected win gave him and his closest advisers the false sense that governing would be as easy to master as running a successful campaign turned out to be. It was a rookie mistake. From the indignity of judges halting multiple executive orders on immigration-related matters—most recently this week—to his responses to repeated episodes of North Korean belligerence, it’s all been more complicated than Trump had been prepared to believe.
“I think he’s much more aware how complicated the world is,” said former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, who serves as an informal administration adviser. “This will all be more uphill than he thought it would be because I think he had the old-fashioned American idea that you run for office, you win, then people behave as though you won.”
Trump has had some successes. He nominated and saw confirmed a new Supreme Court justice, rolled back Obama-era regulations, and oversaw dramatic military actions in Syria and Afghanistan. He has signed rafts of executive actions, unilateral decisions familiar to the former Trump Organization president.
Yet he approaches the 100-day mark with record-low approval ratings and no major legislative accomplishment to his credit. Nothing hit Trump harder, according to senior White House officials, than the congressional defeat of his first major legislative package—the bill to repeal Obamacare. As he sat in the Oval Office last week, Trump seemed to concede that even having risen to fame through real estate and entertainment, the presidency represented something very different.
“Making business decisions and buying buildings don’t involve heart,” he said. “This involves heart. These are heavy decisions.”
***
More than 200 of Trump’s campaign promises are scribbled in marker on a whiteboard in Steve Bannon’s West Wing office, which he calls his “war room.” Other pledges are printed and taped beneath a poster that says: “Make America Great Again.”
“Deport 2 million criminal illegal immigrants,” reads one pledge. Others call for all of President Obama’s executive orders to be reversed and for the U.S. to exit the North American Free Trade Agreement, or NAFTA. A few have large check marks next to them. Another sign notes 11 have been delayed. It’s a visual encapsulation of how Bannon sees the presidency about keeping promises. 
In Kushner’s office, just steps away, there’s no “Make America Great Again” memorabilia. Instead, the whiteboard lists deadlines for bipartisan projects in his newly-founded Office of American Innovation on infrastructure and veterans’ affairs. Kushner often talks about the presidency like it’s a business, describing it privately as “entrepreneurial” and in “beta mode.” He often doesn’t mind when Trump flip-flops, if it’s in the service of striking a deal. 
The gap in worldview and temperament between the two has produced the most combustible, and consequential, conflict in the West Wing. In the first days following Trump’s inauguration, it was Bannon who pushed to speed through a blitz of executive orders, including the ill-fated travel ban. And it’s been Kushner, a 36-year-old real estate scion, who’s leaned the other way, encouraging his capricious father-in-law to espouse less divisive positions. 
“It’s an ideas and ideology battle every day,” one senior administration official said. 
Perhaps the defining and unanswered question of the Trump presidency is what he truly believes in. Is he the inflexible immigration hardliner who described undocumented Mexican immigrants as “rapists” in his June 2015 kickoff speech or the president who recently said those brought here illegally as children should “rest easy” because he doesn’t plan to deport them? Will he try to make deals with Democrats? Or will he devote himself to Bannon’s nationalist agenda? And, other than winning, what does Trump really want?
No single day was more telling about the ambiguity of Trumpism than April 12. It was that day that Trump not-so-quietly reversed himself on at least four of his campaign promises. He canceled a federal hiring freeze imposed in his first week. He flipped on labeling China a currency manipulator. He endorsed the Export-Import bank that he had called to eliminate. He declared NATO relevant, after trashing it repeatedly on the campaign trail.
“I said it was obsolete,” Trump said. “It is no longer obsolete.”
Trump’s critics and supporters alike are equally flummoxed about what this president stands for.
White House communications director Mike Dubke told staff in a recent meeting “there is no Trump doctrine” when it comes to foreign policy. The president was moved to send missiles into Syria in part based on gruesome images of dead Syrian children he saw on TV. But he’s maintained the same hardline that those suffering children should not be accepted into America as refugees. Trump has overseen the use of the largest bomb short of a nuclear weapon in Afghanistan and talks tough about obliterating the Islamic State. Yet in a recent chat in his West Wing office, Priebus backed away from the idea of greater troop engagement, saying the administration doesn’t want to engage in “long-term ground wars in the Middle East.” 
“He is not a movement conservative. He is definitely not an establishment Republican,” said Ken Blackwell, who headed domestic policy during Trump’s transition. “He’s transactional and makes calls based on his gut. Those of us who are accustomed to an ideological framework — it takes getting used to.”
But Trump’s ideologically noncommittal approach has bumped up against the constraints of a hyperpartisan Washington where the letters on congressional vote cards — D or R — are paramount.
Some are whispering that Trump should work with Democrats on infrastructure. Others say he must forge ahead only with Republicans on health care. Maybe he should work with both on taxes. Trump, it seems, is just looking for success. 
“I am flexible,” as Trump said recently in a Rose Garden appearance. “And I’m proud of that flexibility.”
***
When Donald Trump gets angry, he fumes. “You can’t make them happy,” he said. “These people want more and more.”
He was complaining to friends that he had negotiated for weeks with Freedom Caucus members and he couldn’t believe the group was still against the health care legislation. Trump and his advisers were buzzing about making an enemies list and wanted to force a vote. But it was Trump, a man who hates to show weakness, who had to blink. As support flagged, the bill was shelved.
“I kind of pooh-poohed the experience stuff when I first got here,” one White House official said of these early months. “But this shit is hard.”
Nowhere has Trump’s learning curve been steeper than Capitol Hill. According to people close to the president, Trump believed that in selecting Priebus as chief of staff he was getting a deeply connected Washington wise man, someone who could guide his agenda through Capitol Hill.
Between Priebus and Vice President Mike Pence, who once served in House leadership, Trump thought he had the experts he needed and wouldn’t have to worry about Congress that much. But Priebus is a political insider, not a congressional one. And Pence, who was governor of Indiana before joining Trump’s ticket, has been absent from the Hill during the rise of the House Freedom Caucus, the ideological hardliners who delivered Trump the most stinging defeat of his young presidency.
House Republicans’ rejection of his plan to repeal-and-replace Obamacare served as a wake-up call — and a clarifying moment when he realized he couldn’t leave Congress to others, even Speaker Paul Ryan.
Trump had campaigned in generalities — “repeal-and-replace with something terrific,” he’d promised — and after the election Trump and his team decided to let Ryan take the lead on health care. Trump just wanted to sign a bill. He didn’t necessarily care what it said.
But the Freedom Caucus did. They felt left out of the process—and they hated Ryan’s bill. They complained to the White House almost every day and made threats. They seized on the bill’s anemic public approval. 
So Trump personally got involved, just as he had long negotiated with business partners, offering a mix of wooing and threats. He even dispatched his budget director, Mick Mulvaney, a former House GOP hardliner himself, to threaten a particularly outspoken critic, Rep. Mark Sanford. 
It backfired. Freedom Caucus members weren’t afraid to say no. In an embarrassing setback, Trump called to pull the bill. 
White House officials played down the loss in recent conversations -- even as Trump has put immense pressure on Pence and Priebus to resuscitate the bill. “The narrative that somehow or another a signature piece of legislation must be out of the House and Senate in 100 days is a ridiculous standard,” Priebus said.
Trump seemed, at first, not to even understand the scope of his health care failure. He called reporters and spoke about moving on. Top-level aides bragged about his good mood. “No bullshit, I think he’s actually pretty comfortable with the outcome,” a senior White House official crowed.
After the health care fight, Marc Short, the president’s legislative director, had a meeting with his team on “lessons learned,” people familiar with the meeting say. Several administration officials said Trump has told them not to leave the Congressional details to Ryan and others – and that he eventually grasped how damaging the health care defeat could be to the rest of his agenda. 
“I don’t think they realized what a big issue this was for the grassroots,” said Jenny Beth Martin, head of Tea Party Patriots, who had met with Trump.
Trump’s team now has another chance to pass the law. They spent several weeks wooing conservatives – and secured the backing Wednesday of the Freedom Caucus, which blocked the first bill from passing. They brought members and outside groups – including those funded by the conservative billionaire donors Charles and David Koch – to the White House. 
They successfully convinced the conservatives who don’t like Ryan to get on board. But now, moderates concerned about making health benefits worse for their constituents are balking. White House officials are hoping to have a vote Friday or Saturday, just in time for Trump’s 100-day mark. 
The defeat represented an early inflection point for a president who is openly more transactional than ideological. More than anything, it reinforced the president’s conviction that he could only trust the tight circle of people closest to him. 
Now, Trump is forging ahead alone on taxes, rolling out a dramatic package of tax cuts on Wednesday without input from Hill leaders. “We aren’t listening to anyone else on taxes,” said one senior administration official, referring to Ryan. “It’s our plan.”
***
 As Trump is beginning to better understand the challenges—and the limits—of the presidency, his aides are understanding better how to manage perhaps the most improvisational and free-wheeling president in history. “If you’re an adviser to him, your job is to help him at the margins,” said one Trump confidante. “To talk him out of doing crazy things.”
Interviews with White House officials, friends of Trump, veterans of his campaign and lawmakers paint a picture of a White House that has been slow to adapt to the demands of the most powerful office on earth.
“Everyone is concerned that things are not running that well,” said one senior official. “There should be more structure in place so we know who is working on what and who is responsible for what, instead of everyone freelancing on everything.”
But they’re learning. One key development: White House aides have figured out that it’s best not to present Trump with too many competing options when it comes to matters of policy or strategy. Instead, the way to win Trump over, they say, is to present him a single preferred course of action and then walk him through what the outcome could be – and especially how it will play in the press.
“You don’t walk in with a traditional presentation, like a binder or a PowerPoint. He doesn’t care. He doesn’t consume information that way,” said one senior administration official. “You go in and tell him the pros and cons, and what the media coverage is going to be like.”
Downplaying the downside risk of a decision can win out in the short term. But the risk is a presidential dressing-down—delivered in a yell. “You don’t want to be the person who sold him on something that turned out to be a bad idea,” the person said.
Advisers have tried to curtail Trump’s idle hours, hoping to prevent him from watching cable news or calling old friends and then tweeting about it. That only works during the workday, though—Trump’s evenings and weekends have remained largely his own.
“It’s not like the White House doesn’t have a plan to fill his time productively but at the end of the day he’s in charge of his schedule,” said one person close to the White House. “He does not like being managed.”
He also doesn’t like managing—or, rather, doesn’t mind stoking competition among his staffers. While his predecessor was known as “no-drama Obama,” Trump has presided over a series of melodramas involving his top aides, including Priebus, Bannon, counselor Kellyanne Conway and economic adviser Gary Cohn.
“He has always been a guy who loves the idea of being a royal surrounded by a court,” said Michael D’Antonio, one of Trump’s biographers.
Many of those aides spent the opening weeks of the presidency pushing their own agendas – and sparring with one another. Priebus brought into the White House his chief of staff, chief operating officer and chief strategist from the RNC; Bannon has his own P.R. person and two writers from Breitbart; Kushner brought allies from the business world, and recently recruited his own publicity adviser; Conway has her own chief of staff; now Ivanka Trump has a chief of staff, too.
For now, all sides seem to have forged a delicate détente. Kushner and Bannon met earlier this month at Trump’s Mar-a-Lago estate and agreed to work out their differences. Trump aides now downplay talk of a shakeup involving Bannon – talk that, until just a few days ago, had reached a fever pitch. There have been a few changes here and there – Katie Walsh is out as deputy chief of staff, and KT McFarland has been moved off the national security team – but don’t expect any big personnel changes anytime soon, they say.
Yet there is little question that the months of infighting have taken a toll on Trump’s aides. Many are unaccustomed to working for a man who can consult with 20 outside associates a day, change his mind in a minute and change his mood even quicker.
Of late, some Republican National Committee members have become deeply concerned about Priebus, who was party chairman before joining Trump’s team. Priebus, who is distrusted by some rival White House factions and lacks the control previous chiefs of staff have had, has privately complained about the profound frustrations of the job.
Priebus, who is married and has two young children, has vented about the long hours he’s had to spend away from his family. In March, he missed an RNC donor retreat in Florida because, he told friends at the time, he needed to be at home to celebrate one of his children’s birthdays.
Trump the businessman and presidential candidate loved pitting top aides against one another. The internal competition ensured that the best ideas would rise to the top, he believed. Plus, he liked telling people, it made his employees work even harder to impress him.
***
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer has developed a ritual of sorts: Just before going onstage for his televised briefings, he usually walks down the hall to the Oval Office to ask Trump what he wants to hear on TV that day. Cable news only occasionally carried press briefings from Obama’s secretaries in the later years of his presidency, but Spicer’s almost-daily outings have become a regular, wall-to-wall fixture.
His sessions with Trump were described by people familiar with them as part pep talk and part talking-point seminar. In the early days, Trump criticized Spicer fiercely, prompting him to upgrade his delivery at the podium as well as his wardrobe of suits. Now, people close to the president say, Trump brags about Spicer’s ratings.
Yet Trump continues to see himself as the best guardian of his own image. In New York, he infamously made calls to reporters pretending to be a spokesman. He personally called into the New York tabloid gossip pages as a source for years, and he even dialed cable news control rooms to suggest coverage after he became the presumptive Republican nominee in 2016. 
That hasn’t changed in the White House, where Trump continues to crave attention and approval from news media figures. Trump huddled in the Oval Office with Matt Drudge, the reclusive operator of the influential Drudge Report, to talk about his administration and the site. Drudge and Kushner have also begun to communicate frequently, said people familiar with the conversations. Drudge, whose visits to the White House haven’t previously been reported, didn’t respond to a request for comment. 
Several senior administration aides said Trump loves nothing more than talking to reporters – no matter what he says about the “failing” New York Times or CNN – and he often seems personally stung by negative coverage, cursing and yelling at the TV. Kushner, too, sometimes calls TV personalities and executives, in particular MSNBC host Joe Scarborough, according to people close to the Trump son-in-law. (It didn’t go unnoticed in the West Wing that, at the height of the Kushner-Bannon war, the Drudge Report and Scarborough’s Morning Joe had an anti-Bannon flair to their coverage.) 
If the goal of most administrations has been to set the media agenda for the day, it’s often the reverse in Trump’s White House, where what the president hears on the cable morning gabfests on Fox News, MSNBC and CNN can redirect his attention, schedule and agenda. The three TVs in the chief-of-staff's office sometimes dictate the 8 a.m. meeting – and are always turned on to cable news, West Wing officials say. 
Behind the scenes, Trump – who beneath his confident veneer can be deeply sensitive to criticism – has been jolted when lawmakers took to TV to jab the president. If anyone had anything to say to the president, White House aides vented, they should do it with him personally – not from the camera. “If you go on TV and blast him, it’s over,” one senior administration official said.
Since taking office, Trump has 16 times tagged Fox and Friends, the network’s morning show, in his tweets, and countless other times weighed in on whatever they were talking about on air. After Democratic Rep. Elijah Cummings went on Morning Joe and asked the president to call him, Trump did. After Republican Rep. Dana Rohrabacher defended Trump in an early Saturday morning Fox News hit, Trump called him moments later, inviting him to an Oval Office meeting. And after news segments, Trump will sometimes call his own advisers to discuss what he saw.
No slight is too small to ignore. West Wing staffers have even fumed about news coverage of the Easter Egg Roll. First, it was that Trump’s White House wouldn’t be smart enough to pull it off. Then, it was that no one would be there. And after the Easter Egg Roll went off without a hitch, “no one wanted to give us any credit,” said one senior administration official.
It is part of a siege mentality that has taken hold, from the president down, with Trump and his associates believing their coverage has stayed just as bad — or gotten worse — since the campaign ended in November. Senior administration officials said they’ve never seen Trump angrier than when the media focused its attention on the crowd size at his inauguration.
The darkest cloud shadowing the West Wing has been continuous questions about the Trump campaign’s connections to Russia.
The FBI director testified he is investigating Trump associates for possible collusion with a hostile foreign power, Trump’s first national security adviser, Michael Flynn, resigned over his interactions with the Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak and Attorney General Jeff Sessions ultimately had to recuse himself from his own department’s investigation after he failed to disclose his own conversations with Kislyak.
“If we have a good day, then within 48 hours there’s a Russia story,” said another senior administration official. “That’s just how it works.”
The news about Sessions’ interaction with the Russian ambassador came the day after Trump’s widely praised speech to a joint session of Congress. And it stomped on any momentum the White House had, especially Trump’s trip to an aircraft carrier later that week. At the end of the week, after Sessions recused himself from the probe, Trump exploded at his aides about his frustrations.
***
 Yet Trump was grinning in his office last week. He wanted to pose for pictures behind the cleaned-off Resolute desk and in front of his gold curtains. He has posed for hundreds of pictures there – sometimes with a grin, sometimes with a thumbs-up – and has guests stand behind him. He seemed a man of few worries -- even though his aides were back out pushing a high-stakes health care vote, the government was one week from shutting down and North Korea was continuing its provocations.
The fact that 100 days, as a marker, has no legal or actual significance outside the media has not seemed to matter to Trump. While he has publicly derided the deadline as “ridiculous” on Twitter, he has decidedly reshuffled his schedule, priorities and agenda in the last two weeks to notch political points, knowing the deadline would get inordinate media coverage.
He has repeatedly pressed aides to have a health care vote before Saturday. He surprised his own staff by promising a tax reform plan by this week and urged them to round out his list of accomplishments. He has maintained an aggressive calendar, wooing conservative outlets and traditional reporters alike. 
He told aides this week needed to be a busy one — just as he told them after his inauguration. 
In days 1 through 10, it was executive orders on a federal hiring freeze, abortions abroad, withdrawing from an Asian trade deal and the explosive immigration order barring immigrants from certain Muslim-majority countries. He got into a diplomatic row with Australia, one of America’s closest allies. The immigration order sparked international protests and was stopped in court. Trump later told advisers he regretted how it was handled.
In days 90 through 100, it was a flurry of executive orders. He got into a diplomatic row with Canada, one of America’s closest allies, threatening a trade war. He moved toward unwinding NAFTA. “There is no way we can do everything he wants to do this week,” one senior official said.
 “Trump is a guy of action. He likes to move,” said Chris Ruddy, a close friend. “He doesn’t necessarily worry about all the collateral damage or the consequences.”
White House officials say they now have a more deliberative process of decision-making. Issues don’t go to his desk until they’ve had a thorough vetting in at least three meetings. Aides have cautioned him to slow down and have told him everything is not possible in his time frame. Sometimes, administration officials say, he listens and takes the news well. Sometimes, he keeps the demands going. 
Trump may be learning and adjusting. But he is still Trump. On Saturday, he’ll celebrate his 100th day in office by boycotting the traditional White House Correspondents’ Dinner in favor of a rally in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. The rallies, which remind him of the campaign trail, often improve his mood, several people close to him say. “I will be holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania,” he tweeted by way of announcement. “Look forward to it!”
Ben White contributed to this report.



ARTICLE

It’s never easy for a new president to transition into his security bubble, but Donald Trump comes with unconventional protection challenges — including his active Twitter life — that are testing the Secret Service in unpleasant and costly ways.
Story Continued Below
Trump’s free-flowing tweets have invited more threats than his security detail can keep pace to investigate. On top of that, he’s been telegraphing his movements for the bad guys by establishing regular travel patterns in his first 100 days in office. And his very famous family is jetting around the world, draining the resources of a bureau still gasping from the frenzied pace of the 2016 campaign.
All presidents live in a target-rich environment — agents often talk of mentally-ill people approaching the White House gates making threats against long-gone leaders like Jimmy Carter or Ronald Reagan. But law enforcement experts say the new Republican president has particularly upped his exposure levels through Twitter, with the missives emanating from his phone giving the masses the impression they can correspond directly with Trump.
“The Twitter thing is creating a lot of hassles,” said Dan Bongino, a former protective detail agent for presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama. “It’s generated a tidal wave of threats that the Secret Service can’t ignore.” 
Bongino, who has written a book on the Secret Service’s challenges in protecting Trump that’s scheduled for publication later this summer, said the Secret Service is ill-equipped to make its way through all the social media threats. It can’t tell Trump to stop tweeting. And it also is still haunted by the example of Sara Jane Moore, a woman who attempted to assassinate President Gerald Ford in 1975 months after the Secret Service evaluated her but found she wasn’t a threat.
“It’s an arithmetic impossibility to interview every single person who sends a threat. It’s not possible,” he said. “By necessity they have to triage what’s credible and what’s not and it’s tough to do by just looking at a 140-character tweet.”
Another big challenge in protecting Trump — codenamed “Mogul” to commemorate his billionaire business background — starts with the way he’s been traveling around the country. While the president has managed to keep hotel costs down by spending all his nights since inauguration at either the White House or his South Florida seaside retreat, it’s the recurring weekend trips to his private Mar-a-Lago club that are giving current and former Secret Service agents some pause.
“I used to joke if we don’t know where we’re going then the jackal doesn’t either,” Bongino said. “Patterns always hurt.”
The Secret Service — battered by years of bad public relations tied to fence jumpers, prostitutes and the lowest morale of any government sub-agency — is also spread painfully thin as it acclimates to the Trump era.
A third of the New York field office’s 200-plus staffers are being pulled on any given day from their regular duties, including criminal investigations, to protect the Trump family members based in Manhattan, including Melania Trump and 11-year old Barron Trump in Trump Tower, and adult sons Eric and Donald Trump Jr. Agents are also being flown in from other stations around the country to work on the Trump family detail.
While family members of past presidents have also enjoyed the same types of Secret Service protection when away from Washington — Chelsea Clinton at Stanford and Bush’s twins attending the University of Texas and Yale — law enforcement experts have struggled to come up with anything comparable to the combination of a first lady living full time away from the White House’s protective umbrella, plus two adult sons who have such high-profile positions leading a company that also carries the president’s trademark last name.
“Figuring out what a college kid is going to do, as opposed to a guy who has businesses in Saudi Arabia, logistically it’s much more complicated,” said former Secret Service agent Patrick O’Carroll, now the executive director of the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association.
The costs for protecting Trump and his family outside Washington are taking a toll on the bureau.
Law enforcement sources say it’s only a matter of time before more permanent security protections will need to be added at some of the Trump properties beyond the White House that the president most frequently calls home. Those additions will carry a price tag — for installation and routine maintenance — and will likely be needed at Mar-a-Lago, Trump Tower and the president’s Bedminster, New Jersey, private golf club that’s expected to serve as a regular summer getaway spot.
“Otherwise it’s going to look like a tent city,” said Bill Pickle, a former deputy assistant director of the Secret Service.
The Washington Post reported in March that the service had asked the Trump White House to approve an extra $60 million into its roughly $2 billion initial budget, with nearly half that amount going toward protecting Trump Tower. A specific line-item mentioning Trump’s personal security needs ultimately didn’t appear in the request sent last month to Capitol Hill, leaving budget watchers to predict some of the money will surface either in the next iteration of a continuing resolution or perhaps later this summer should the Homeland Security Department need to spend more money than it is authorized to spend.
“Congress is going to have to come up with a big number that they’re not anticipating to cover all these costs,” said Chris Cummiskey, the former Obama-era acting undersecretary for management at the Department of Homeland Security.
The costs for protecting the Trump family during their international travel also remains a sore spot. CBS reported earlier this month that the Secret Service’s international travel costs connected to protecting Eric and Donald Trump Jr. — for just hotels and car rentals on trips to the Dominican Republic, Uruguay, United Kingdom, Ireland, Dubai and Canada — had surpassed $190,000 since the start of the year.
But this is tricky political terrain, too. Sen. Bernie Sanders has said he’ll probe the costs of protecting Trump’s adult children as they move around the world through his perch as ranking member of the Senate Budget Committee. But prominent Democrats have also spoken up that there shouldn’t be a debate about the Secret Service detail for Trump’s sons. “The President’s family’s protection should not be politicized,” Chelsea Clinton wrote earlier this month on Twitter.
Costs aside, Douglas Smith, who served as an Obama administration assistant secretary of homeland security, said the Secret Service agents on the Eric and Donald Trump Jr. details are hard-pressed to do their job with the resources they have. “International travel puts a tremendous strain on the Secret Service,” he said. “Agents traveling the world with the Trump boys, it’s a lot of stress. Their responsibility is exactly the same. But they get a whole lot less infrastructure to do what they need to do.”
The Secret Service also has other Trump-related issues to monitor. While the Trump Organization’s private security arm is responsible for protecting its properties around the globe – from its hotels and condominiums to golf courses – law enforcement sources say the Secret Service shouldn’t ignore those kinds of threats either. “I know I’d want to know about it,” said one former senior Secret Service agent.
Like all new administrations, Trump and his staff are still learning the ropes of what comes with being enveloped in security protection at all hours and with all their movements.
Law enforcement sources say Trump’s White House staff has developed a reputation in the Secret Service for herky-jerky scheduling that can add costs to the agency’s operations. For example, they’ve abruptly canceled at least three in-the-works presidential trips — two to Trump Tower and one last weekend to Trump’s Bedminster, New Jersey golf club — that agents had started doing advance preparations work for.
“The more agents you spread around chasing trips that don’t happen, the less they’re getting their traditional day jobs done. Time is a limited equation,” Smith said.
Trump — no stranger to hiring professional security — is trying to bring stability to the Secret Service. On Tuesday, he reached from outside the bureau’s professional ranks in naming retired Marine Major Gen. Randolph Alles as its new director. Former agents say Trump and his aides also appear more comfortable inside the protective bubble than previous presidents, noting that agents are often seen in public at arms’ length or closer to the president.
“You’re seeing them in pictures you never saw before because staffers aren’t telling them to get away,” Bongino said.
But the Secret Service has created some of its own headaches in the early days of Trump’s presidency. CNN reported earlier this month an off-duty agent from Vice President Mike Pence’s detail was suspended after being arrested for solicitation of a prostitute. Last month, a California man climbed over the White House fence and wandered on the grounds for roughly 17 minutes before being detected. And two Secret Service agents reportedly got in hot water for taking selfies with one of Trump's grandsons while he was sleeping in a car.
The White House did not respond to a request for comment about how the Secret Service has adjusted to the new president. 
Cathy Milhoan, a Secret Service spokeswoman, declined to comment on the specific challenges that Trump and his family present to the bureau’s workforce. “To do so would jeopardize the safety of those individuals, facilities and events we are authorized to protect.”
But she also added, “The Secret Service has been responsible for protecting our nation’s leaders for more than 100 years. Each administration presents a unique set of challenges and over the decades we have evolved with those challenges. These challenges do not change the way in which the Secret Service executes our mission.”
CORRECTION: Due to an editing error, an earlier version of this story said Secret Service agents reportedly got in hot water for taking selfies with Barron Trump. It should have said one of Trump's grandsons.



ARTICLE
In the middle of mass protests against Donald Trump’s travel ban in January, the crowds outside the White House chanted at the president: “We will not go away! Welcome to your ninth day!”
The Trump resistance hasn’t gone away, but it has taken on a vastly different form since those frothy first days of his presidency. The millions-strong nationwide protests have given way to an array of smaller but still effective forms of opposition: packed town halls to warn Republican members of Congress against repealing Obamacare, a full-court pressure campaign that persuaded Senate Democrats to filibuster Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch and higher-than-expected turnout in a pair of special House elections that put solid red districts in play.
Story Continued Below
The first three months of the Trump administration have demonstrated that the energy and anger of the electorate has shifted unmistakably to the left as Democrats assume the role of opposition party after eight years of controlling the White House.
But the movement is decentralized and diffuse, lacking a singular leader and splintering into multiple fronts. Ask more than a dozen progressive activists to define the goals of the Trump resistance, as POLITICO did for this story, and receive almost as many different answers. The liberal revolt is being channeled through a variety of projects — from health care to climate change — and each tribe is “showing up for each other’s stuff,” as one activist put it. Trump isn’t necessarily their sole reason for being, but instead serves as a powerful motivator and a symbol of what they oppose.
These organizers and strategists, from groups like Indivisible, MoveOn.org, and the American Civil Liberties Union, do agree on at least one thing: To fight on as much turf as possible. They may lose major battles under a Republican-controlled government — Gorsuch was ultimately confirmed and Democrats failed to win either House special election this month — but they say eventually their efforts will pay off.
“That all just comes out in the wash at the end if you keep people energized, win enough victories to make people feel like it’s worth their efforts,” said Adam Jentleson, who helps lead Trump pushback for the liberal Center for American Progress Action Fund.
Jentleson, a former senior aide to ex-Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.), added that it might be too early for the party establishment to seek to convert grass-roots Trump critics into Democratic voters.
“You could make a pretty good argument that, if you try too hard right now to start trying to turn those people into big-D Democrats, it might be counterproductive,” he added. “Folks in D.C. should be in listening mode.”
Yet listening to the anti-Trump base, and harnessing its power, is becoming an ever-more complex task.
The resistance has planned no fewer than half a dozen public demonstrations in Washington since the record-setting turnout for the post-inauguration Women’s March, including the April 15 Tax March and Saturday’s scheduled march for action on climate change.
All that progressive passion excites organizers, many of whom insist that the breadth of their movement ensures a grass-roots brigade will always be on hand to fight Trump, even if the full army isn’t always available. Still, the frenetic pace of the first 100 days has forced some activist leaders to acknowledge that burnout is a real risk. 
“We can try to form the tools we need for best practices, but if folks don’t show up themselves and own this and build this, there won’t be a resistance at the national level,” said Ezra Levin, executive director of the fast-rising anti-Trump group, Indivisible.
“I’m worried that Donald Trump will win if people stop showing up,” Levin added.
Trump also stands to win if Democrats cannot direct some of that enthusiasm to their candidates in the 2018 midterm elections and beyond.
"If all this resistance leads to nothing after 2018, you could see people feeling disenchanted and like their efforts don’t matter," Progressive Change Campaign Committee co-founder Adam Green said.
Democrats have responded to their base's pleas for battle by filibustering Gorsuch, stalling a number of Trump’s Cabinet nominees and roundly opposing his legislative agenda.
Activists argue candidates who align with them will benefit at the ballot box. “The resistance will be electoralized,” according to MoveOn Executive Director Anna Galland.
But if the left starts to impose stiff litmus tests, a Democratic comeback may also be put at risk; last week's flap over the party's support for an anti-abortion Nebraska mayoral hopeful underscores the potential rift threatening Democrats.
Anti-Trump organizers largely reject comparisons between their efforts and the tea party wave that swept House Republicans into power in 2010. Resistance groups, for instance, have mostly stopped short of backing primary challengers to more conservative Democrats, which proved a potent weapon for the right to remake the GOP, though Galland said MoveOn hasn't ruled out the idea.
A significant number of liberal activists also want to go beyond merely opposing the president. That approach may please Democrats who recall the failure of a Hillary Clinton campaign that staked the presidency on a highly personal anti-Trump message.
“If our struggle starts and ends with Donald Trump, we’ve missed the mark,” said Tamika Mallory, a co-chair of the Women’s March that memorably outdrew Trump’s crowds on Inauguration Day. “Donald Trump is not a stand-alone. He didn’t create this.”
Trump has often made his critics’ jobs easy with his series of stumbles. But resistance leaders say they can’t count on him to do their work for them.
“The administration’s going to get more coherent, and their agenda will probably still remain something we oppose, but they’ll probably become smarter about how they push it,” said American Civil Liberties Union national political director Faiz Shakir. “And that means the resistance has to continually be on guard for a new manner and new approach.”
The GOP’s botched health care push has been an unexpected gift for liberal organizers, many of whom assumed that Republicans would succeed in their seven-year quest to repeal Obamacare. The March collapse of the so-called American Health Care Act gave resistance groups a concrete win to show their members, particularly the constituents who have registered more than 6,000 local chapters under the Indivisible banner.
Resistance strategists also claim victory on Attorney General Jeff Sessions’ recusal from investigations into the Trump campaign’s relationship with Russia; the withdrawal of embattled Labor Secretary nominee Andrew Puzder; and even Bill O'Reilly’s ouster from Fox News.
Yet those examples are relatively modest or incidental to the grass-roots uprising. And while the ongoing probes into Trump's ties to Moscow are among the chief concerns of voters packing rowdy town hall meetings, they hold little promise of bearing fruit soon, making the issue an elusive target for activists.
Organizing for Action, the successor to former President Barack Obama’s signature advocacy nonprofit, has opted to focus not on the Russia inquiries but instead on legislative campaigns against the GOP's health care bill and funding for Trump's U.S.-Mexico border wall.
“While I may be personally concerned about Russia, it's not the place where grass-roots action is going to have the most power,” OFA spokesman Jesse Lehrich said in an interview.
On perhaps the most concrete way to measure the dynamism of the resistance, senior activists are witnessing eye-popping levels of financial support. The ACLU reported raising more than $24 million on the weekend after Trump’s first travel ban; MoveOn has tripled its base of sustaining donors; and the majority of Indivisible fundraising has come from more than 19,000 donors who gave less than $50 each.
Jessica Mackler, president of the Democratic super PAC American Bridge, summed up the bittersweet news for the left: “This administration is giving us no shortage of reasons to be motivated.”



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump told his Mexican and Canadian counterparts late Wednesday afternoon that he does not intend to withdraw from NAFTA "at this time," the White House said Wednesday, in a defeat for the economic nationalists on his team. 
In phone calls with Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, Trump "agreed not to terminate NAFTA at this time, and the leaders agreed to proceed swiftly, according to their required internal procedures, to enable the renegotiation of the NAFTA deal to the benefit of all three countries," the White House press office said in a readout of the calls.
Story Continued Below
"Both conversations were pleasant and productive," the statement continued. 
The development came after POLITICO reported that White House aides were drafting an executive order on withdrawing from the pact, prompting an uproar from Republicans in Congress worried about disrupting business ties that currently support 14 million American jobs. 
"It is my privilege to bring NAFTA up to date through renegotiation," Trump said in a statement that attempted to put the issue to rest.
"It is an honor to deal with both President Peña Nieto and Prime Minister Trudeau, and I believe that the end result will make all three countries stronger and better,” Trump said. 



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
The Trump administration has launched an investigation into whether to restrict imports of aluminum from China, Russia and other suppliers — including NAFTA partners Canada and Mexico — on the grounds that they threaten U.S. national security.
“Imports have been flooding into the aluminum industry,” Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross told reporters at a White House briefing on Wednesday evening in which he detailed the administration's second national-security-motivated trade probe in as many weeks.
Story Continued Below
President Donald Trump will sign an order on Thursday directing the Commerce Department to complete the investigation as “soon as possible,” Ross said. Trump gave the same instructions last week in signing an order calling for an investigation into whether to restrict steel imports on national security grounds.
Free trade advocates criticized the actions, arguing that they could encourage other countries to begin blocking U.S. exports on national security grounds.
“When you go down this path of reverting to the national security exception, it really is the nuclear option in trade law,” said Chad Bown, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics. “You’re basically saying, ‘You can’t argue with me. I think this is so important it threatens our national security.’ There’s no counterargument to that.”
The barrage of presidential orders comes as Trump nears the end of his first 100 days in office this week with little to show in the way of trade accomplishments, despite promising during the campaign to make big changes in trade policy.
In one sign of frustration, White House officials were said to be preparing an executive order on withdrawing from NAFTA, even though the Trump administration had already pivoted toward renegotiating the 23-year-old agreement rather than abandoning it. Asked about the potential NAFTA executive order, Ross dismissed it as “just a rumor — and my practice is to comment on things we’ve actually done or are doing, as opposed to commenting on rumors.”
But Ross told reporters that more national-security import probes could be coming for industries such as semiconductors and shipbuilding. “We’re obviously considering those," Ross said. "We’ve come to no conclusions as yet."
Ross, a former businessman who made his fortune turning around distressed companies, said import restrictions could be needed to ensure the U.S. continues to produce enough “high-purity” aluminum used in various military aircraft, such as the F-35 joint strike fighter, the F-18 and the C-17, as well as armored vehicles, combat vessels and missiles.
“The problem we have is there’s only one American smelter that produces the high-purity aluminum needed for these uses. Just one. And that company has been having some problems," Ross said. "They, in fact, filed a trade case against dumping on their own."
The Aluminum Association, the main trade group for the U.S. aluminum industry, said it welcomed Trump's "call for action to address unfair trade practices that are hurting U.S. aluminum producers and fabricators." But the group said it would work with the administration to ensure that any actions "take into account the entire aluminum value chain and our more than 161,000 workers in the United States," many of whose jobs depend on access to imports.
Ross is launching the probe under a U.S. trade law provision known as Section 232, which allows the president to “adjust” imports on national security grounds. It has been used only 26 times in the past 55 years, and a national security threat has been found just twice, helping to justify restrictions on oil imports from Libya and Iran.
The U.S. imported more than 6.5 million metric tons of aluminum in 2016 for use in the auto industry, construction and a variety of other sectors. Canada was by far the biggest foreign supplier, with shipments totaling more than 3 million tons, followed by Russia (755,545 tons), the United Arab Emirates (557,723 tons) and China (518,773 tons).
U.S. companies also exported nearly 3 million tons of aluminum last year, down slightly from previous years. The biggest destinations were Mexico (764,488 tons), China (730,355 tons) and Canada (688,427 tons), followed by South Korea and Vietnam.
Ross complained that China’s huge expansion of aluminum production has been wreaking havoc on the domestic industry by depressing prices around the world. However, he insisted the probe was not “China-phobic” and said it was still an open question what actions the department will recommend to Trump, who makes the final decision on any curbs that will be imposed.
The uncertainty over what, if any, actions will come out of the investigation prompted one Democratic lawmaker to offer only muted praise. “It’s good news the administration is using this tool, but what matters to Ohio workers and the aluminum supply chain is whether it leads to real relief and action against China’s market-distorting policies,” Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio) said in a statement.
Bown, of the Peterson Institute, said that in addition to potentially encouraging other countries to take trade actions rooted in their national security concerns, the Trump administration’s willingness to self-initiate trade moves also sends a signal to domestic companies to put up their hands for import relief. He noted that a U.S. solar energy company, Suniva, filed a petition Wednesday asking for emergency safeguard tariffs on solar products from all countries under another rarely used trade law provision.
The Obama administration mostly sought to deal with the aluminum problem by pressuring China to scale back its production. But just before leaving office, it filed a trade case at the World Trade Organization challenging Chinese aluminum subsidies.
Ross said today the Trump administration still has not decided whether to pursue that case, which “may very well get subsumed into this event.”
At the same time, he emphasized that the U.S. would make its decision in the aluminum import case based on what it thinks is right, not whether it might violate WTO rules.
“As you know, there’s been a lot of discussion by the president about the WTO and our collective frustration with some of the rules that they have," Ross said. "We are going to act based on our view as to what are the proper rules and our view as to who's violating those rules — and the WTO will do what they do."



ARTICLE
Virtually from the moment it failed, President Donald Trump decided he wanted another shot at a health care plan. The question was how.
In the weeks that followed, a more careful, quieter approach to repealing and replacing Obamacare has emerged as the White House’s approach, POLITICO’s Tara Palmeri reports. One of the guiding forces has been a veteran legislator — former House member and Vice President Mike Pence.
Story Continued Below
“Interviews with 12 White House and Hill aides revealed clear differences between the brute-force approach Trump took the first time around, largely under the direction of chief strategist Steve Bannon, and the second effort, which has been led from the White House by Vice President Mike Pence. It’s featured less Presidential involvement, a softer sell to all sides and no fixed deadline – just the clear hope of getting a bill to the floor before Trump’s first 100 days were up.”
Of course, it’s not yet clear the tactical shift will work: But there’s been more progress toward a bill, in recent days, and it comes at a time when President Trump’s first 100 days come into focus. And one of the key constituencies that slowed the repeal and replace effort last time, the House Freedom Caucus, appears to be on board this time. 
Elsewhere in Trump’s orbit: 
SHORT AND SWEET: President Trump’s much-hyped tax reform plan was light on details, heavy on bullet points and full of proposals that repackaged some of his most popular campaign promises. The response to the plan on Capitol Hill was lukewarm. Wall Street was also unimpressed. 
BIG LEAGUE?: The White House argued that Trump’s tax plan would result in the biggest tax cuts in history. (The New York Times) 
NAFTA SO FAST: Republicans on the Hill are telling President Trump to hold off on a proposal to withdraw from the NAFTA trade agreement by executive order, saying that doing so could be a potential disaster. 
KEEP IT GOING: Republicans are leaning toward continuing Obamacare payments to ensure a one-week extension of funding the government
WALL BALL: Democrats are using local government and statehouses to take steps to slow President Trump’s proposed border wall. 
NOKO POW WOW: Senators were alarmed after they were called to the White House for a rare, joint classified briefing on North Korea. 
THANK YOU VERY MNUCH: Treasury Sec. Steve Mnuchin says President Trump still has no intention of releasing his tax returns. 
And there you have it. You’re caught up on the Trump administration. Happy Wednesday night and Happy Birthday, Melania Trump.



ARTICLE
Republicans greeted President Donald Trump's splashy tax rollout Wednesday with muted enthusiasm — hopeful that the tax code could be reformed but eager to hear a lot more details as well as the president’s strategy for success.
Democrats didn’t hold back, slamming the tax outline as a giveaway to the wealthy, which suggests that Trump will have to pass his plan with only the GOP’s narrow majorities.
Story Continued Below
In the hours after Trump’s principles were unveiled for “the biggest tax cut and the largest tax reform in the history of our country” as Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin told reporters, it was clear the administration has a lot of work to do on Capitol Hill.
Perhaps the biggest unanswered question facing Republicans is how they can work with Trump on a tax plan that is expected to pay for itself with massive economic growth. Independent analysts worry about the administration’s math. And adding to the deficit presents a politically perilous choice for many Republicans as well as significant legislative complications.
“I’m very sensitive to the deficit and the $21 trillion worth of national debt,” said Rep. Tom Reed (R-N.Y.).
Mnuchin and other Trump officials said they want to work with Congress on shaping a bill that can pass by the end of the year. But the White House is already spurning a key piece of Speaker Paul Ryan’s tax plan — a proposed tax on imports that would help pay for cutting the corporate tax rate to 15 percent, as Trump has proposed.
Ryan downplayed the provision’s absence in Trump’s plan Wednesday.
“We all agree that in its present form it needs to be modified,” Ryan said border adjustment tax at the law firm BakerHostetler. “We don’t want to have severe disruptions — if you’re an importer or a retailer heavily dependent on importers, we don’t want to shock the system so much that it puts them at a disruptive disadvantage.”
Ryan also told reporters that congressional Republicans have been in close contact with the White House. "This is something we've been talking to them all along," he said.
Republican leaders sought to present some sense of party unity with a joint statement from Ryan, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, House Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady (R-Texas) and Senate Finance Chairman Orrin Hatch (R-Utah) that called Trump’s principles “critical guideposts,” but which otherwise provided little specific comment on what Trump laid out.
Rank-and-file Republicans said they hoped for more input from the president and more than the document they saw Wednesday.
“I want to give the president a chance to actually produce a bill,” Rep. Tom Cole (R-Okla.) told reporters. “I would prefer not to add to the deficit, but I’m going to wait and see what the legislative language looks like before I take a hard and fast position on any of this.”
Sen. Bill Cassidy (R-La.) said the corporate tax cut could prove “workable, but we’re going to need guidance from the president.”
Some saw Wednesday’s principles as more of a messaging document pegged toward the approach of Trump’s 100th day in office than a clear path toward tax reform.
During a tax reform briefing for Republican congressional staff on Wednesday afternoon, White House Communications Director Michael Dubke belabored the unfair treatment of Trump in the press and defended the administration’s accomplishments, according to multiple GOP aides present who spoke on the condition of anonymity.
Democrats ridiculed the outline’s high price tag, the benefits to the richest Americans and the potential to personally benefit the president, who refuses to release his tax returns.
“This is an unprincipled tax plan that will result in cuts for the one percent, conflicts for the President, crippling debt for America and crumbs for the working people,” said Sen. Ron Wyden, the top Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee.
Another senior Democrat, Rep. Joe Crowley (D-N.Y), said that that the president should release his tax returns before any Democratic engagement on tax reform.
“The president needs to release his taxes,” Crowley said. “We need to know who’s lent him money and who he owes his allegiance to... [and] what effect would this change in tax structure have,” on Trump’s business?
Despite the White House’s hints at seeking bipartisanship, Democrats said the administration has made close to zero effort to involve them in tax reform talks, on both the leadership and committee levels.
Trump’s principles also did not include investments in infrastructure, which had been considered a possibility to woo Democrats.
“This plan is just tax reform,” said Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin at an event at the Newseum Wednesday when asked if infrastructure spending could also be included as a way of courting Democrats. The proposal does call for a childcare tax credit that could interest some Democrats.
Mnuchin also told reporters Wednesday that Trump's tax plan included a potential rollback of the popular deduction for state and local income taxes. That move would be a non-starter with most northeastern lawmakers in both parties, whose constituents benefit heavily from the deduction.
Rep. Richard Neal (D-Mass.), the ranking Democrat on the Ways and Means Committee, said that the administration had made no outreach to his fellow party members, and wondered aloud whether Trump was even on the same page as congressional Republicans.
“Are we for the border adjustment tax, are we for the president’s plan? It’s not very clear,” Neal told POLITICO, referring to the vagueness of Trump’s proposal. “Has the border adjustment tax succumbed? We need to know.”
Senate Minority Whip Dick Durbin (D-Ill.) echoed Neal’s sentiment. “All I know is what I read in the papers,” he said, adding dryly that “obviously, we are not a deficit-conscious Congress.”
The concern over the deficit is not only an issue for fiscal hawks. Republicans are likely to use a complex procedure known as budget reconciliation to circumvent a Democratic filibuster in the Senate and allow passage of tax legislation with a simple majority rather than 60 votes.
But under Senate rules, reconciliation can only be used if the bill will not add to the deficit after a decade. Non-partisan estimates say that even a two or three year temporary cut to the corporate tax rate would add to the deficit in the long run. That’s why House Republicans included major revenue-raisers like the border adjustment tax and a phase-out of a deduction businesses can take for the interest they pay on debt. Both combined would raise trillions over ten years, offsetting the rate cuts.
When pressed by reporters for more details on how to pay for the president’s goals Wednesday, National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn said simply, “We’ll get back to you with definitive answers on all these details.”



ARTICLE
Senators were alarmed by a Trump administration presentation Wednesday at the White House complex about the dangers of North Korea, though lawmakers in both parties said it was unclear what the president’s next action against the combative nation will be.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Defense Secretary James Mattis, who led the session, did not divulge whether the United States is considering military options against North Korea after recent weapons tests and military activities were conducted by the regime of Kim Jong Un. And senators said officials did not discuss putting North Korea back on the list of nations that sponsor terrorism, as some lawmakers want.
Story Continued Below
“There’s so many options that we need to be taking that are a long ways away from a strike,” said Sen. Cory Gardner (R-Colo.), who is urging the administration to sanction Chinese officials that do business with North Korea. “I have supported putting North Korea back as a state sponsor of terror … no indication yet from the administration.”
President Donald Trump spoke for a few minutes at the classified briefing, according to senators and aides. His comments, said an attendee, were “long at the 30,000 foot, short on the specifics.” Though the session was classified, everything said was already public, the person said.
“It’s a very serious situation. As I knew before I went there,” said Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), who chairs the Senate Armed Services Committee. “I knew all about it. I didn’t hear anything new because I have been heavily briefed.”
Added Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker (R-Tenn.): “It’s good to get everyone together. I’m not sure I would have had it ... I knew what was discussed.”
The administration briefed House members afterward at the Capitol. No explicit explanation was given for why all 100 senators were hauled to the White House, though Trump's appearance was likely part of the reason. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) accepted an invitation from Trump to move the briefing from the Senate, where such briefings are typically held, to the White House, according to spokesmen for McConnell and the administration. 
"This is the first time I remember anything like this. In my congressional career there's never been a similar type of a meeting held at the White House that I'm aware of," said Sen. Ben Cardin (D-Md.) ahead of the meeting. "We've had all-member meetings at the White House, but I don't think they've ever been in a classified setting. They might have been in a sensitive setting."
Joseph Dunford, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats, a former GOP senator, also briefed senators. 
The White House said the meeting was intended to sound the alarm for senators about a situation that's grown increasingly fraught in recent months. The meeting provided an opportunity “to communicate the seriousness of the threat from North Korea,” a senior administration official told reporters. It also allowed the senators to learn about responses the U.S. is considering to the “very grave threat” from a “brutal regime," the official said. 
The recent murder of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un’s half-brother in Malaysia with a chemical agent, and the secretive state’s advancing nuclear capabilities, have combined to put the administration on alert, the official said.
“We’re looking at a broad range of options obviously across all elements of national power and multi-national power in connection with North Korea,” the official said. “What you’ll see soon is using the economic dimension of national power, as well as the military preparations that are underway.”
Afterward, Senate Minority Whip Dick Durbin (D-Ill.) said “of course” he was more concerned about North Korea after the briefing, while Sen. Chris Coons (D-Del.) said he “learned some things” at the meeting.
“It was a sobering briefing and an important opportunity for the entire Senate to hear the emerging plans of the Trump administration to confront what is a very real threat to our security,” Coons said. “This is a very difficult situation that I think is going to require persistent and engaged application of both diplomatic and military resources.” 
Austin Wright contributed to this report. 



ARTICLE
NEW YORK — Wall Street shrugged off President Donald Trump’s tax plan announcement on Wednesday as investors decided the policies were already well known while the future of a sweeping overhaul remains deeply uncertain even with Republicans in full control in Washington. 
Stocks barely moved as Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn spoke for 30 minutes about a one-page paper on Trump’s tax plan that largely mirrored what the president promised during the campaign and lacked many key details. 
Story Continued Below
There were some changes from the campaign plan, including a different set of rates for individual taxpayers. Trump also suggested ending the federal deduction for state and local taxes, a change that would slam residents in high-tax states including New York, New Jersey and California. The prospects for such a major change to the tax code are slim. And the boldest elements in the plan, including a cut in the top corporate rate from 35 percent to 15, percent have been known for months. 
Details including how to make up for the trillions in lost revenue from slashing corporate taxes were left to another day. The Dow, S&P 500 and Nasdaq indices were all largely unchanged in afternoon trading after the tax announcement. 
Market gains may also have been limited by a POLITICO report earlier in the day that Trump could pull the U.S. out of NAFTA, which could affect big companies that rely on Mexico for parts of their supply chain. 
But mostly traders and money managers said the announcement was underwhelming. 
“There is really not much new here and there still is no clear path to getting this through Congress,” said Douglas Kass of hedge fund Seabreeze Partners. “There is little chance of this being introduced in Congress anywhere near the context in which it’s been proposed today given the likely deficit unfriendly implications. There will be heated opposition including from some quarters within Trump’s own party.” 
House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) and other Congressional GOP leaders spoke on Wednesday of their broad agreement with Trump’s desire to lower corporate and individual tax rates.
“The principles outlined by the Trump Administration today will serve as critical guideposts for Congress and the Administration as we work together to overhaul the American tax system,” Ryan said in a statement along with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) and leaders of the tax writing committees. 
But the widely held view on Wall Street now is that Congress will only be able to manage a modest cut in the corporate rate funded at least in part with revenue from a repatriation of foreign earnings currently held abroad. 
And stock market valuations, which rose sharply after Trump’s election, already reflect the belief that a more modest plan will pass, limiting the ability for any gains following Wednesday’s rollout. 
“This was about ticking a box ahead of the first 100 days and overall it’s pretty much a shrug today,” said Michael Obuchowski of Merlin Asset Management. “But this is at least a move in the direction of showing that the administration will put pressure on to get at least something done this year. And if you have generally lower corporate tax rates, money coming back from offshore and less regulation, that’s pretty stimulative.” 
While any final tax plan may include some increased revenue, there is also concern among market analysts that giant unfunded tax cuts may not produce the kind of growth Republicans are counting on and could increase deficits and further bloat a federal debt that is already over $19 trillion. 
Mnuchin and Cohn pledged that any tax overhaul would reduce the nation’s debt-to-GDP ratio but they offered few details about how that would occur, repeatedly promising to fill in details in the months ahead as they work with Congress on putting together actual legislation. Higher debt and deficits tend to lead to higher interest rates that can limit economic growth. 
“Markets are waiting for three things. The first one is details of the plan, the second is prospects for passage and the third is how the high stakes game between growth and debt plays out,” said Mohamed A. El-Erian, chief economic adviser at Allianz. “What we know from history is that tax cuts alone are not sufficient to promote growth.” 



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said Wednesday that Americans have “plenty of information on” President Donald Trump’s taxes and should not expect his tax returns to be made public as the White House pushes its tax reform package.
Breaking with decades of political tradition, Trump refused during last year’s presidential campaign to release his tax returns, explaining that he was under audit. The IRS has said publicly that there is no regulation prohibiting an individual under audit from releasing their tax returns, but Trump has said that he will not release his, on the advice of his lawyers, until the audit is complete.
Story Continued Below
Without Trump’s tax returns, it would be impossible to fully understand how the tax reform proposal rolled out Wednesday by Mnuchin and National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn would affect Trump and his family’s business empire. But speaking to reporters in the White House briefing room, Mnuchin said the public already has learned enough about Trump’s finances.
“The president has no intention” of releasing his tax returns along with his tax reform package, Mnuchin said Wednesday. “The president has released plenty of information, and I think has given more financial disclosure than anybody else. I think the American population has plenty of information on his taxes.”
Trump’s tax reform package, the broad strokes of which were laid out Wednesday by Mnuchin and Cohn, would dramatically alter how individuals and businesses pay their taxes. Among other proposals, the plan would shrink the number of individual tax brackets from seven to three and lower the corporate tax rate. Taken together, Cohn said the package represents “one of the biggest tax cuts in the American history.”
Although Trump has refused to release his tax returns, some of them have trickled out. Last October, The New York Times published a bombshell report detailing the president’s 1995 tax return, a year in which he reported losses of nearly $1 billion. More recently, MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow broadcast details from two pages of the president’s 2005 tax return, which showed that he earned $150 million that year and payed $38 million in federal income taxes.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump pointed out Maine Governor Paul LePage’s recent weight loss on Wednesday, as he signed an executive order to review of tens of millions of acres of land and water set aside as national monuments by the past three presidents.
“Governor LePage of Maine, who, by the way, has lost a lot of weight,” Trump said. "I knew him when he was heavy and now I know him when he was thin and I like him both ways, okay?” 
Story Continued Below
LePage lost at least 50 pounds during the last few months of 2016 after he underwent bariatric surgery in September. He lost the weight after his doctor warned him he was at risk for diabetes if he didn’t.
This wasn’t Trump’s first time commenting on the weight of a northeastern governor. During the campaign, he told early endorser and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, “no more Oreos.” 
“I’m not eating Oreos anymore, you know that — but neither is Chris,” Trump said. “You’re not eating Oreos anymore. No more Oreos. For either of us, Chris. Don’t feel bad.” 



ARTICLE
The Trump administration alarmed Republicans on Wednesday with its consideration of an executive order that could lead to the United States' withdrawal from NAFTA — with some lawmakers warning that such a move would be a "disaster."
A draft order has been submitted for final stages of review and could be unveiled late this week or early next, two White House officials told POLITICO. The effort, which still could change in coming days as more officials weigh in, would indicate the administration’s intent to withdraw from the sweeping Clinton-era pact by triggering the timeline set forth in the deal. 
Story Continued Below
The approach appears designed to extract better terms from Canada and Mexico. But it raises the possibility the Trump administration could walk away from one of the largest trade deals on the planet after having already pulled the U.S. out of the proposed Trans-Pacific Partnership, a 12-nation deal that the Obama administration saw as a way to cement American influence over Asia-Pacific trade.
“I think we’d better be careful about unintended consequences,” said Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn. 
President Donald Trump pledged on the campaign trail to renegotiate or otherwise withdraw from NAFTA, a trade deal signed in 1994 by former President Bill Clinton that removes tariffs and allows for free flow of goods and supplies between the North American triumvirate. Trump in recent weeks has stepped up his rhetoric against the trading partners, returning to threats he had shied away from since taking office and once again vowing to terminate the agreement all together.
“NAFTA’s been very, very bad for our country,” he said in a speech last week in Kenosha, Wis. “It’s been very, very bad for our companies and for our workers, and we’re going to make some very big changes or we are going to get rid of NAFTA once and for all.”
Peter Navarro, head of Trump’s National Trade Council, drafted the executive order in close cooperation with chief White House strategist Steve Bannon. The order was submitted this week to the staff secretary for the final stages of review, according to one of the White House officials.
The draft executive order could be a hardball negotiating tactic intended to pressure Mexico and Canada to come to the table to renegotiate NAFTA and make concessions that are more to Trump’s liking. But once Trump sets the withdrawal process in motion, the prospects of the U.S. turning its back on two of its most important trade partners suddenly become real.
Early returns from Capitol Hill lawmakers on both sides of the aisle were not encouraging and suggested that a go-it-alone move from the White House without Congress’ backing could cause trouble down the road, as the administration looks to strike a series of nation-to-nation “America First” trade deals. 
No fewer than four influential Republicans said the White House should hold up, with GOP Sen. John McCain of Arizona saying that such a move would have “the worst possible impact” on his state.
“I’d be glad to have renegotiation of some of the terms of it, because a lot of time has passed,” McCain said, arguing that a withdrawal would “be disgraceful and a disaster.”
Cornyn speculated about whether the draft order was a negotiating tactic. But a withdrawal from the deal, he added, wouldn’t jive with what Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross told him personally.
“It’s inconsistent with what Wilbur Ross had told me previously about their intention, which was to update NAFTA, not to withdraw from it,” the Texas lawmaker said, adding that he would want to “reconcile” that with the news coming out of the White House today. 
Sen. Jeff Flake, another Republican from Arizona, said a withdrawal would be devastating to the country as well as to his state. “It’s not a zero-sum game,” he said.
Sen. Lindsey Graham admitted to being skeptical of NAFTA initially, but the South Carolina Republican said the pact has brought benefits to the economy. “Trying to negotiate NAFTA makes sense, withdrawing from it doesn’t,” he said.
Senate Finance Chairman Orrin Hatch, who oversees trade in the upper chamber, said he would “have to look at what they’re trying to do” before he could offer an opinion. 
Rep. Ron Kind, a pro-trade Democrat who serves as chairman emeritus of the moderate New Democrat coalition, said a NAFTA pullout would be especially painful for American farmers, for whom the deal has proven to be a boon. 
“Dairy is exported a lot into Mexico right now, so if we lose that market ... it would wipe out perhaps half of our milk producers overnight,” said Kind, whose home state of Wisconsin is known for its dairy. “And we are selling a lot of agriculture products into the Mexican market, so a NAFTA withdrawal would, I think, be devastating for production agriculture, just to start with — not to mention manufacturing products that we have going down there as well.”
House Agriculture Chairman Mike Conaway hesitated to criticize the administration’s planned move. “NAFTA needs to be renegotiated, at a minimum,” the Texas Republican told POLITICO, noting that much has changed since the deal was struck. “All three economies are dramatically different than they were in the 90s when that was done, so it is an appropriate time to renegotiate.”
“The way I see it, the president is always negotiating,” he added. 
Trump’s apparent strategy to gain leverage over Canada and Mexico has put the business lobby on edge. A withdrawal could undo complex supply chains that have been built up over the deal’s 26-year history and negatively impact companies that have developed major export interests in Canada and Mexico.
In Mexico City on Monday, U.S. Chamber of Commerce President and CEO Tom Donohue told business leaders that any NAFTA redo must “first and foremost, do no harm.” He stressed the deal should be amended rather than ended. 
“We must not disrupt the $1.3 trillion in annual trade that crosses our borders,” he said. “Under NAFTA, Mexico and Canada are the top two U.S. export markets in the world — by a long shot. The jobs of 14 million Americans depend on the agreement.” 
There’s also the question of how this could all play out legally. The role of Congress in the withdrawal process may be a source of debate among some legal experts, but it’s been widely assumed among most trade lawyers that the president has the authority to withdraw from trade agreements under Section 125 of the Trade Act of 1974 and does not need congressional approval to do it, said Warren Maruyama, a partner at Hogan Lovells who served as USTR general counsel under President George W. Bush. 
“But this would be breaking new ground, so no one knows for sure, and it’s something that could end up in the courts,” he added. 
A provision of NAFTA, Article 2205, allows a party to withdraw from the deal six months after providing written notice to the other participants. But the six-month period is not necessarily a hard deadline, and the president could take more time to provide a final notice to finally leave the deal — which would give the White House some leverage in negotiations.
“It would be starting a game of chicken,” Maruyama said.
The overarching law that provides the president the authority to terminate trade deals — Section 125 of the Trade Act of 1974 — also requires a public hearing on the matter, unless the president determines a hearing to be “contrary to the public interest.”
Even if the process of withdrawal were to be completed, the trade act still allows for the reduced or eliminated tariffs under NAFTA to remain in place for a year in order to allow trade to adjust.
In political terms, the executive order could allow the administration to seize the advantage. Trump hasn't been able to launch a renegotiation because of political realities on Capitol Hill that center on his still-unconfirmed nomination of Robert Lighthizer, his pick to be U.S. trade representative. The administration can't start talks until it gives Congress 90 days notice, and it can't give Congress that notice until it meets with certain congressional oversight committees — and Democrats on one of those committees have been refusing to meet until Lighthizer is confirmed.
Amid the impasse over Lighthizer’s nomination, which has been caught up in an unrelated bill over benefits for miners, Trump has repeatedly taken the offensive in his campaign against NAFTA, which he's called a “job killer” and the “single worst trade deal ever." 
Earlier this week, the U.S. imposed a new tariff on softwood lumber coming from Canada. The relationship between Canada and the U.S. has been tense in recent weeks as the Canadian dairy industry prepares to implement a new pricing policy on certain products that could make it harder for American dairy farmers to compete.
The United States’ relationship with Mexico has also been marked by increasing tension, since Trump has pledged to make Mexico pay for the wall he wants to build along the border between the two countries. 
Some within the White House see drafting of the executive order as a win for the administration’s “nationalist” faction, led by Bannon, who has been sidelined in the weeks since he was removed from the National Security Council. A White House spokesperson did not respond to a request for comment. 
Doug Palmer, Megan Cassella, Catherine Boudreau and Brent Griffiths contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump’s promise to build a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border isn’t worth shutting down the federal government, according to a new POLITICO/Morning Consult poll.
 Sixty-one percent of registered voters say funding a wall along the nation’s southern border is "not important enough to prompt a shutdown." A plurality of those polled say fighting for increased funding for defense and homeland security would be worth risking a shutdown.
Story Continued Below
 The POLITICO/Morning Consult poll was conducted April 20-24 among 2,032 registered voters, and carries a margin of error of plus or minus two percentage points.
 There does appear to be widespread awareness that federal funding expires Friday, with 54 percent saying they have heard some or a lot about a possible government shutdown. And 76 percent say a government shutdown would concern them.
In an interesting twist, voters continue to show signs that they are warming to Obamacare. Voters are exactly split on whether the fight over cost-sharing payments to health insurance companies would be worth shutting government over. But the poll also shows 49 percent of registered voters say Congress should continue with efforts to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act – and nearly two-thirds of voters would like those changes to come with support from Democrats.
"Securing funding for a border wall is a key issue for President Trump, but it's a relatively low priority for Americans," said Morning Consult Co-Founder and Chief Research Officer Kyle Dropp. "Of the eight issues we polled, respondents were least likely to say the issue of funding for the wall was important enough to prompt a government shutdown." 
Trump's administration is 100 days old on Saturday, the first day of a potential government shutdown. Congress needs to pass a funding bill by the end of Friday to avoid a government shutdown. 
 Trump has sent mixed signals about whether he is going to insist Congress include funding for a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border as part of the spending package. He told a group of conservative journalists Monday night that he would be willing to wait until September to secure the funds. But since then, the White House said Trump had not given up on fighting for border funding.
If the government shuts down, the survey shows Republicans will shoulder much of the blame. Fifty-one percent would blame Capitol Hill Republicans or Trump, while just 31 percent would blame congressional Democrats.
Morning Consult is a nonpartisan media and technology company that provides data-driven research and insights on politics, policy and business strategy.
More details on the poll and its methodology can be found in these two documents — Toplines: http://politi.co/2ow9kRe | Crosstabs: http://politi.co/2ovRFJC



ARTICLE
Donald Trump promised on election night to unite the country — but nearly 100 days into his presidency, Americans remain profoundly divided on his policies, from health care to immigration to the environment. 
While the general public opposes Trump’s plans to dismantle Obamacare, build a wall across the Mexican border and gut the Environmental Protection Agency, Republicans want Trump to push ahead on key campaign promises that have caused some stumbles early into the new administration, according to a new POLITICO-Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health poll. 
Story Continued Below
In the aftermath of the GOP’s decision to pull its Obamacare repeal bill from the House floor last month, 60 percent of poll respondents said they want Trump and Republican lawmakers to work with Democrats to fix Obamacare or move on to other issues. But just as large a percentage of Republican respondents, who have been promised by their party for years that the health law would be dismantled, said Trump and Congress shouldn’t give up the effort to repeal and replace Obamacare. 
“Doing nothing on the Republican side is probably the worst of all options,” said Bob Blendon, a Harvard expert on health care policy and public opinion who designed the poll with POLITICO. 
Republicans this week are facing heightened pressure to revive the repeal effort as the 100-day mark of Trump’s presidency nears. The White House, working with key House Republicans, on Tuesday night finalized the text of an amendment meant to bridge intraparty divisions over the repeal effort — but it’s unclear whether the deal will win enough support to pass the House. 
Meanwhile, Democrats are newly energized, particularly by the fight over health care. Thirty-six percent of survey respondents who said they are registered voters said the repeal effort makes them more likely to vote for a Democrat in 2018, while 24 percent said they’re more likely to vote Republican. After using Obamacare to rally their base for years, Republican leaders risk depressing voter turnout in the 2018 midterms if they fail to replace the health care law. 
“There’s a nervousness here that Republicans are not energized about doing nothing,” Blendon said. “They’re trying to get a bill that will energize Republicans.” 
Glen Bolger, a longtime Republican pollster who co-founded the firm Public Opinion Strategies, stressed that Republican leaders should recognize the country is divided politically and push ahead with repeal. 
“They need to do a better job of not worrying about that damn calendar and just worrying about the damn policy,” he said. 
On immigration, only one-third of respondents said they favor a border wall, while 72 percent of Republican respondents support it. Among those who want the wall, an eye-popping 95 percent said they support construction even if Trump doesn’t make Mexico pay for it as he promised throughout the campaign. Congress, hoping to avoid the risk of a government shutdown, isn’t planning to include funding in a must-pass spending bill this week. Trump insists that he’ll eventually secure the funding. 
 Respondents also oppose the administration’s immigration restrictions, which sparked massive protests across the country and have been blocked by the courts. Fifty-five percent of respondents oppose the temporary ban on refugees entering the country, while 42 percent support it. Half of respondents oppose the temporary immigration ban on six Middle Eastern countries, and 46 percent support it. 
On both measures, the partisan schisms are striking. However, the general public is more likely to see the controversial immigration orders as national security measures (53 percent) than an outright ban on Muslims (40 percent), the survey shows. 
On the environment, 60 percent of respondents oppose Trump’s proposal to slash the EPA’s budget by 31 percent. A similar percentage wants the United States to remain in the 2015 Paris climate change agreement. However, more than two-thirds of Republican respondents support the EPA cuts, and 56 percent want to withdraw from the Paris accord, negotiated by Barack Obama’s administration. 
The poll finds some middle ground on charter schools, an issue that Education Secretary Betsy DeVos has championed. A little more than half of respondents back charter schools and approve of using public funds to support private nonprofit and religious schools. But support for charter schools plummets to 30 percent if funding is taken away from traditional public schools. 
The POLITICO-Harvard poll was conducted by SSRS, an independent research company, from March 22 to March 26. A second survey was conducted from March 29 to April 2 after Republicans pulled their repeal bill. The first survey used cellphones and landlines among a nationally representative sample of 1,019 U.S. adults, and a similar methodology was used for a second survey of 1,017 adults.
Kimberly Hefling contributed to this report. 



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump's aggressive rollback of the Obama administration's climate policies is already changing the trajectory of the world's efforts on global warming, with some analysts estimating it will mean billions more tons of greenhouse gases entering the atmosphere during the next decade and a half.
It could be one of the most durable legacies of his young presidency — regardless of whether Trump decides to withdraw the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement.
Story Continued Below
Trump has spent much of his first 100 days in office launching a series of efforts to undo former President Barack Obama’s domestic climate policies, seeking to ease pollution limits on power plants, vehicle tailpipes, coal mining, and oil and gas wells. And while Democrats and environmental groups promise fierce resistance, analysts say Trump’s efforts could bring an effective halt to U.S. efforts to cut the carbon pollution that scientists blame for warming the planet.
"This is an experiment we can only run once, and then it’s too late," said Princeton University climate scientist Michael Oppenheimer. "We were in a lot of trouble with climate change already. This only makes it more risky. It's hard to quantify how much it matters, but it makes attainment of a difficult-to-achieve target more or less impossible."
The United States is the world’s second-largest carbon polluter, but its greenhouse gas output has slid sharply in the past decade — a trend driven partly by increases in energy efficiency and a shift from coal to natural gas as a power source. Obama had pledged to continue those reductions in the coming decade to meet U.S. commitments in the 2015 Paris agreement, in which nearly 200 nations made nonbinding promises to cut their carbon pollution. Hillary Clinton had promised even steeper reductions.
Trump, in contrast, has vowed to reverse Obama’s policies, lift restrictions on the energy industry and “save our wonderful coal miners” — pledges that helped him win fossil fuel-producing swing states like Pennsylvania and Ohio.
And his actions will have a real-world effect, based on POLITICO's analysis of estimates from the Democratic-leaning consultant Rhodium Group and the World Resources Institute. Instead of falling, Rhodium's projection estimated that Trump’s policies, if fully implemented, will cause U.S. carbon pollution to continue more or less at current levels. That means that by 2025, according to POLITICO's analysis, the U.S. would be pumping 900 more megatons of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere each year than under Obama's most ambitious target.
That extra U.S. carbon would exceed the annual output of Germany, one of the world’s top greenhouse gas polluters. That would be enough to increase the world’s annual carbon emissions by almost 2 percent, Pennsylvania State University climate scientist Michael Mann said — at a time when climate researchers say the world urgently needs to accelerate its cuts.
Through 2030, the cumulative gap between the Trump and Obama policies could exceed 4 billion metric tons of carbon dioxide, based on Rhodium's estimates.
In other words, Trump’s domestic actions on energy would be his real contribution to global climate policy — a fact obscured by the noisy political fight on whether the U.S. should withdraw from Paris. The figures don’t even account for the possibility that a U.S. retreat on climate efforts would cause other major polluters, such as China and India, to pull back on their commitments.
"If you’re going after the Clean Power Plan and going after everything else and all the other rules, then whether or not you stay in Paris appears to be symbolic from the perspective of U.S. emissions," said Andrew Light, a fellow at the World Resources Institute who worked for the State Department under Obama.
Rhodium based its analysis on a March 28 executive order in which Trump directed his agencies to take the first steps toward reversing some of Obama's most significant climate actions, including regulations on coal miners, oil and gas drillers, and thousands of power plants.
Trump and his appointees have made no secret of their disdain for Obama’s attempts to rally the world on climate change, an issue the president has labeled a Chinese-inspired “hoax” that's wiped out American jobs. White House budget director Mick Mulvaney dismissed climate programs last month as “a waste of your money,” telling reporters that “we’re not spending money on that anymore.” 
Mulvaney was defending Trump’s proposal for a 31 percent budget cut for the Environmental Protection Agency, whose carbon regulations on the power, auto, coal, oil and gas industries had provided the heart of Obama’s climate policies.
Among other steps to erase Obama's climate legacy, Trump has ordered the EPA to begin unwinding Obama’s 2015 regulations on greenhouse gases from power plants, moved toward easing the agency’s vehicle fuel-efficiency requirements and signed off on Congress’ repeal of stream-pollution restrictions that had threatened to hinder some coal mining activity. He is also due to take steps this week toward opening up vast new offshore regions for oil and gas production — a sharp break from the limits Obama imposed late in his second term.
More quietly, the administration has postponed Energy Department efficiency standards for commercial and consumer appliances such as freezers and boilers, withheld grants for research into next-generation energy technologies, and ordered the government to revise a metric called the “social cost of carbon” that seeks to factor the impacts of climate change into regulatory actions. Administration lawyers have also persuaded appellate judges to postpone rulings on several Obama-era rules facing industry challenges, giving Trump’s agencies more time to pull them back for reworking.
Rhodium's analysis of the effect of Trump’s executive order comes with plenty of caveats: It assumes that cities and states will fail to fill the gap in federal policy, and that a climate advocate will not take over the White House in 2020. It also does not allow for faster-than-expected advances in renewable energy technologies — notably battery storage — that could accelerate the shift to wind and solar power.
But Rhodium also doesn't include other measures that Trump could take, such as reneging on a 2016 treaty to limit the production of potent greenhouse gases known as hydrofluorocarbons. That agreement by itself could forestall 0.5 degrees Celsius in global warming during this century, according to U.N. estimates. The Paris agreement is meant to prevent the rise in average global temperatures from exceeding 2 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels.
Rhodium’s partners include Trevor Houser, who was a top outside adviser to the Clinton campaign on energy issues.
Climate researchers say the world is so close to a tipping point that any backsliding would be dangerous.
For example, carbon dioxide levels in the Earth’s atmosphere have been hovering above 405 parts per million since November, the highest on record, according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration — significantly higher than the 350-parts-per-million level that some leading climate researchers say the world needs to move back to. The estimated change in emissions allowed by Trump's executive order would add 2 parts per million in the next 20 years, according to a rough estimate by Pieter Tans, chief of the Carbon Cycle Greenhouse Gases Group at the NOAA Earth Science Research Laboratory.
Put another way, those extra emissions alone would move the world 4 percent closer to 450 parts per million — the point at which the world still has a better-than-50-percent chance of stabilizing global temperatures, according to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. Failing to stabilize temperatures would could mean intensifying extreme weather events at "unprecedented levels," the OECD says. It could also move the world to a point where temperature and emissions feedback loops make changes in the world's climate change irreversible. 
"Thus far, we human beings have mostly controlled climate change through emissions of greenhouse gases," Tans said in an email. "Continuing on this path will likely lead to uncontrolled and potentially very large emissions of [carbon dioxide] and [methane] from the melting of permafrost in the Arctic, to name one plausible feedback effect."
Still, some advocates for deep cuts in carbon emissions, such as Mann, hold out hope that Obama's policies will prove difficult to uproot. They’re counting on the courts and resistant federal staffers to stall Trump's plans.
“Bureaucracy can be both a good and bad thing, depending on the circumstances," Mann said in an email. “In this case, I think it may save us.
"Were Democrats to win back one or both houses of Congress in the mid-terms less than two years away, I think that much of the damage could almost certainly be mitigated," he added.
Skeptics of Obama’s policies argue that the U.S. would absorb most of the pain of the Paris agreement while countries such as China and India — the world’s biggest and fourth-biggest carbon polluters, respectively — would get off easy. Both countries are expected to produce more carbon dioxide in 2030 than they did in 2015.
"The Obama administration made really ambitious commitments in Paris with no clear way to get there under current regulations," said Robert Dillon, an energy expert with the American Council for Capital Formation, who contends that Trump's decision to ease off on Obama’s carbon rules puts the U.S. on a level playing field.
“Any time you have a concern where you're tying one hand behind your back to compete in the global market, there are legitimate concerns about how the country remains competitive and improves the standard of living for American families," he added.
Meanwhile, Trump’s rollback puts pressure on other countries to decide how to respond. The U.S. already butted heads with other G-7 nations this month when Energy Secretary Rick Perry's insistence that the Paris agreement should not be mentioned scuttled a joint communique.
Some foreign leaders are choosing to be optimistic, for now.
"I don't see the world backing off," Swedish Deputy Prime Minister Isabella Lövin told reporters last week in Washington. Instead she expressed concern about the next stage of the Paris agreement, which calls for nations to further cut their greenhouse gases.
"We are concerned that some might point to the U.S. and say, 'We don't have to raise ambitions now if the U.S. is not going to take part of this,'" she said. "And the U.S., of course, has a great responsibility for the historic emissions. That makes it a really bad chase to the bottom."



ARTICLE
The White House on Tuesday rebuked a federal judge's decision to block a Trump administration directive aimed at stripping funding from "sanctuary cities," calling the court decision yet another case of "egregious overreach by a single, unelected district judge."
Earlier Tuesday, San Francisco-based U.S. District Court Judge William Orrick blocked President Donald Trump's administration from enforcing a portion of its Jan. 25 executive order that would halt federal funding to municipalities that do not uphold federal immigration laws.
Story Continued Below
In a statement released Tuesday night by the press secretary's office, the White House claimed the ruling undermined the American political system.
"Today, the rule of law suffered another blow, as an unelected judge unilaterally rewrote immigration policy for our Nation," the statement read. 
The White House added: "This case is yet one more example of egregious overreach by a single, unelected district judge. Today’s ruling undermines faith in our legal system and raises serious questions about circuit shopping."
The Trump White House has repeatedly seen its executive orders blocked and challenged in U.S. courts, including both Trump's initial and revised travel ban directives. In response, the president and his White House have repeatedly lashed out at federal judges and their rulings.
In its statement Tuesday, the administration cast the ongoing battle over immigration enforcement in "sanctuary cities" as one "between sovereignty and open borders, between the rule of law and lawlessness, and between hard-working Americans and those who would undermine their safety and freedom."
Citing instances of violent crimes committed by undocumented immigrants in"sanctuary cities," the White House blasted local officials for enacting such policies, saying the authors now "have the blood of dead Americans on their hands."
The White House, vowing to "pursue all legal remedies" in challenging the ruling, maintained that its day in court would come and that it would be triumphant in its efforts to impose federal immigration standards.
"We are confident we will ultimately prevail in the Supreme Court, just as we will prevail in our lawful efforts to impose immigration restrictions necessary to keep terrorists out of the United States," the statement said. 



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump on Wednesday will release a plan to radically overhaul the American tax code that many Republicans say is unrealistic and could end up hurting the chances of getting anything done on the issue, long one of the party’s top priorities. 
Driven by a president eager to show momentum heading into the close of his first 100 days in office, the hastily written plan could wind up alienating critical Hill Republicans while offering little or nothing to entice Democrats. It could also be widely dismissed by outside observers as an over-hyped rehash of promises the president already made during the campaign. 
Story Continued Below
“So far at least, the contours of this are starting to look a lot like what happened with Trump and Congress on health care,” said Lanhee Chen, a top adviser to Mitt Romney’s 2012 campaign and now a professor at Stanford. “On health care you had irreconcilable differences on the scope of government. And in the same way here, whether or not you pay for a tax cut is a fundamental difference Republicans have. And what we could see Wednesday is that there isn’t even as much middle ground on taxes as there was on health care.” 
The main problem, political analysts and tax experts say, is that Republicans are caught between two irreconcilable models for enacting major tax changes. 
The president is likely to release a plan that repeats his campaign call for slashing the top corporate rate from 35 percent to 15 percent and reducing and simplifying individual rates, while doing little or nothing to replace the trillions of dollars in lost revenue from such cuts beyond relying on rosy forecasts for faster growth.
The White House confirmed that the plan will include a boost in the standard deduction for individual taxpayers. The housing and charitable sectors fear that will hurt their bottom lines by making the mortgage interest and charitable deductions less attractive to taxpayers.
The non-partisan Tax Policy Center estimates that reducing the corporate tax rate to 15 percent would cost the federal government $215 billion in 2018 alone and become a more expensive proposition as each year passes, according to the center’s analysis of Trump’s campaign plan. 
Many congressional Republicans, led by House Speaker Paul Ryan, prefer a radically different approach that would employ a new border tax to generate over $1 trillion in revenue over 10 years to pay for a cut in the top corporate rate to 20 percent from 35 percent. People close to Ryan are dismissive of Trump’s approach to unfunded tax cuts as a “magic unicorn” that will never clear the House. 
By releasing his plan without the border tax, as widely expected, Trump will be setting himself up in direct opposition to Ryan, whose help the president will need to get any major tax bill passed. 
“The fundamental disagreement here is basically over which kind of Reagan-style tax change that Trump is going to embrace,” said Jeffrey Birnbaum, a former journalist and author of a book on the epic 1986 tax reform fight. “Will it be 1986-style reform, which neither raised nor lowered the budget deficit or will it be 1981-style, which was just a reduction in rates and was eventually viewed by both Democrats and Republicans as too deep a cut. It’s clear Trump wants to echo Reagan but we don’t know which version of Reagan it will be.” 
For the moment, Republicans on the Hill are trying to stress the areas where they agree with Trump, including a desire to lower and simplify both corporate and individual rates to spur what the party hopes will be much faster economic growth that creates millions of new jobs and lifts wages. But many are signaling that significant differences remain that could prove insurmountable. 
“We all agree on the benefits of tax reform and the place we want to land, and the question is how you reach that place,” said AshLee Strong, a spokeswoman for Ryan. “We continue to have productive discussions with the administration about all ideas on the table.” 
But Ryan’s office also cited guidance from the Joint Committee on Taxation on Tuesday suggesting it would be impossible to pass a big corporate rate cut through the reconciliation process — which would avoid a Democratic filibuster in the Senate — without paying for it. 
The guidance held that even letting the cuts lapse after three years would still increase the deficit beyond ten years, which would violate the reconciliation process. “We project a nonnegligible revenue loss in the tax years immediately following the budget window,” the Joint Committee said. 
Pointing to this report is House Republicans’ way of saying that Trump’s current approach to the tax issue simply won’t work. 
On the Senate side, Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch (R-Utah), who has been dismissive of the 15 percent target as unattainable, also tried to sound positive on Tuesday. 
“Every administration has had its own ideas, I’ve never seen one that hasn’t,” Hatch said. “They’re working with us and we’re interested in whatever they come up with. Even if it’s really expensive, I’m going to be interested in whatever they come up with. That doesn’t mean I’m necessarily going to follow it, but I want to support the administration if I can.” 
Democrats, meanwhile, stand ready to savage the plan as a giveaway to big corporations that would balloon the deficit. “I'm very skeptical. I've seen no plan in the past that could get to that [15 percent] level without adding to the deficit,” said Sen. Debbie Stabenow (D-Mich.), a member of the Finance Committee. 
Democrats are likely to also blast the proposal if, as expected, Trump repeats his campaign pledge to extend the 15 percent rate to so-called “pass-through” companies, which are often owner-operated businesses, like Trump’s own real-estate and branding empire. The argument Democrats will make is that if the proposal became law, it would give the president himself a giant tax cut. 
“In trying to slash taxes for 'pass-through' business entities, Trump is seeking to dramatically reduce his own tax bill,” said Frank Clemente, executive director of Americans for Tax Fairness. 
The 15 percent tax on pass-through income would also be far lower than the 25 percent top rate proposed by Ryan and House Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady (R-Texas). 
Privately, Democrats say they relish the thought of Republicans battling each other on how to rewrite the tax code. One Democratic aide predicted “a lot of Republican-on-Republican violence this week.” 
Others say it appears that Trump is simply pushing for a giant tax cut under the guise of more politically palatable “tax reform.” 
“Is it just tax cuts, or truly tax reform? I think the administration sometimes has confused the issue by calling everything tax reform when it is not,” said Mark Mazur, the former assistant secretary for tax policy at the Treasury Department under the Obama administration and now director of the non-partisan Urban-Brookings Tax Policy Center. “If you’re going to do tax reform, you need to be thinking about making the system simpler and more efficient.” 
Trump himself is personally invested in an overhaul of the tax code, far more than he was in any machinations of the health care legislation, according to one source familiar with the White House’s internal tax deliberations. The lone tax policy staffer on the National Economic Council, former Hill staffer Shahira Knight, has personally briefed the president on tax questions, say two sources.
The president has a much stronger attachment and understanding of the tax code than, say, health insurance because the real estate industry relies so heavily on tax breaks such as the mortgage interest deduction for homeowners or the interest deduction for businesses. In this area, Trump's proposal to increase the standard deduction could actually harm his beloved real estate industry by making the mortgage deduction less attractive for tax filers. 
Inside the administration, Trump’s pledge to produce a new tax reform document this week took officials by surprise. And not all were thrilled to have to produce something this early in the process with major policy decisions still up in the air and meetings with congressional leadership still in their early phases.
“This was all about doing something in the first 100 days and really it’s doing the process backwards,” one senior White House official said this week. “I’m not sure how helpful it is.” 
The rushed nature of the effort was reflected in conflicting statements from administration officials about what the package to be released Wednesday would include. Initially, several administration officials said it would probably include some kind of infrastructure investment to appeal to Democrats. Several Democrats support the idea of using some funds generated by the taxation of repatriated foreign earnings to pay for infrastructure projects such as rebuilding decaying roads and bridges. 
But as of late Tuesday afternoon, officials said the plan to be released Wednesday would probably not include infrastructure spending but instead just focus on individual and corporate rates. 
“The reason your head is spinning on this is that the plan isn’t even written yet,” one White House official said ahead of a planned meeting Tuesday evening between the administration and top Capitol Hill leaders. 
That meeting, which lasted about 45 minutes, appeared to be perfunctory.
“This is just a preliminary meeting," Hatch said afterward. "They went into some suggestions that were mere suggestions and we’ll go from there." 
Aaron Lorenzo, Elana Schor, Burgess Everett and Brian Faler contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
The White House, top House conservatives and a key moderate Republican have finalized a new Obamacare repeal and replace plan they hope will break a month-long logjam on a key priority for President Donald Trump.
But it is far from clear that the fragile agreement will provide Speaker Paul Ryan the 216 votes needed for the House to pass the stalled legislation.Optimism is growing among Republican officials on the Hill and in the White House. Leadership will likely need at least 15 to 20 new House Freedom Caucus votes to have any shot at passing the bill.
Story Continued Below
The million-dollar question: Can Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows, who helped author the changes, deliver the votes needed to get the bill over the finish line? The North Carolina Republican is said to support the amendment, sources say, but it's still unclear how many of his group will flip from "no" to "yes."
There are positive signs, even though the Freedom Caucus appears to have made a conscious decision to say little until discussing the matter at a Wednesday evening meeting. 
Reps. Dave Brat (R-Va.) and Scott DesJarlais (R-Tenn.), both of whom opposed prior versions, indicated they will back the legislation once the new provisions are added to allow states to opt out of some Affordable Care Act consumer protections. While DesJarlais is a huge Trump supporter and was visibly torn about opposing the bill last time around, Brat's change of tone is more notable given his reputation as a care-free leadership antagonist who has zero problem opposing GOP leadership or Trump.
The changes come after more than two weeks of behind-the-scene work between Vice President Mike Pence, Meadows and Tuesday Group co-chairman Tom MacArthur (R-N.J.), a moderate who was already supportive of the bill.
Most of the Freedom Caucus opposed the Obamacare repeal bill that Ryan pulled from the House floor last month because it did not repeal Obamacare regulations, calling the proposal “Obamacare lite.” Afterward, Trump and numerous House Republicans blamed the group for stalling a major GOP priority; Trump even threatened to primary some of the group members and turned his Twitter followers on their leaders.
Privately, however, the White House started courting them and the deep-pocketed outside groups that also opposed the legislation and are close with the Freedom Caucus. Those organizations, including Heritage Action, Club for Growth and several run by the Koch brothers, signaled to the White House they wanted a deal.
The new agreement gives the Freedom Caucus some additional concessions, including waivers that allow states to opt out of major Obamacare regulations touching on essential health benefits and when insurance companies can charge higher premiums.
It is unclear if the entire Freedom Caucus will take an official position, which would require support from 80 percent of its members. Some Freedom Caucus members, including Reps. Mo Brooks (R-Ala.) and Justin Amash (R-Mich.) told reporters they’re considering the changes. Freedom Caucus Vice Chairman Jim Jordan (R-Ohio) declined to tell reporters Tuesday evening whether he supports the bill, running away from reporters and shouting over his shoulder: "We’ve got a meeting tomorrow!" 
Brat is likely to support the bill if the legislative language matches the policy that’s been discussed. “The Pence compromise [is] very promising, a lot of people like it,” he said.
Should 20 additional Freedom Caucus members sign onto the agreement, GOP leaders — who have stayed back in the latest negotiations — will then turn to moderates to try to lock in the needed votes.
While MacArthur helped negotiate the plan, many centrist Republicans are wary of the agreement and not happy that the White House pushed the plan further right. They are concerned that it will leave people with pre-existing conditions out to dry, as states could opt out of a regulation baring insurance companies from charging sick people higher premiums.
Supporters of the plan, which is also expected to include House GOP leadership, argue that the deal requires any states that opt-out of such regulations to create risk pools that will pay much of the higher premiums sicker people may face. Some worry, however, they won’t be funded enough to cover everyone who needs help.
The centrist Tuesday Group is scheduled to meet Wednesday to discuss the changes, though already several prominent group members, including co-chair Charlie Dent (R-Pa.), have panned the changes.
Officials at the White House and on Capitol Hill are unsure how many moderates, many of whom have already declared themselves as "no,” will back the legislation, but they have begun making calls. So far, no moderate “no” votes have publicly changed their position to “yes."
White House officials are striking an optimistic tone about the legislation, even suggesting the House could vote on the measure as soon as this week — perhaps crossing their fingers for a last-minute victory to mark Trump's 100-day in office on Saturday. House GOP leaders have downplayed the possibility.
The GOP’s new proposal would allow states to opt out of many of Obamacare’s requirements, allowing health plans to charge people more based on their age and health status. States could also opt out of enforcing a 30 percent surcharge imposed on people who don’t maintain insurance coverage, which was part of the original GOP proposal, according to a brief update sent to Energy and Commerce members. That’s the policy that the Republicans would use to replace the Obamacare individual mandate.
In exchange, states would have to set up a high-risk pool where older, sicker people could buy coverage, likely at much higher prices.
The waivers would strongly encourage people to maintain continuous coverage — even more than prior versions of the Republican repeal bill. In states that get a waiver, people who don’t stay insured could be charged more for insurance policies based on their health status.
In order to obtain the waiver, states would have to show that they would reduce premiums, increase health insurance enrollment in the state, stabilize the market for health insurance coverage, stabilize premiums for individuals with pre-existing conditions or increase the choice of plans in the state. 
The amendment also includes what it calls “default approval” for waivers — a key ask from some conservatives. That means states’ waiver applications would automatically be approved, and the onus would be on the Health and Human Services secretary to reject their applications in 60 days if the administration doesn’t believe the state has fulfilled its obligations.
Moderate Republicans were hoping the hurdle to secure a waiver would be high. 
The changes includes language specifically barring insurance companies from discriminating against people with pre-existing conditions. “Nothing in this act shall be construed as permitting health insurance issuers to limit access to health coverage for individuals with preexisting conditions,” it reads.
But centrists worry that will effectively happen if insurance companies can charge sicker individuals more.
Kyle Cheney contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
Congress doesn’t seem like it’s ready to give President Donald Trump his border wall. But it might be said to give him the fig leaf wants. 
With a week-end deadline looming to fund the government, POLITICO’s Burgess Everett, Jennifer Scholtes and Tara Palmeri report Trump seems to be coming to terms with the fact that if he wants to avert a government shutdown around the 100-day mark of his presidency he will need to, at a minimum, wait to get his wall built. 
Story Continued Below
But there’s some good news: “Republicans are confident they can deliver him a significant boost in border security spending that allows Trump to spin the government funding bill as a victory anyway.”
Perhaps. But some are already skeptical. 
Conservative talk radio host Rush Limbaugh, who has given Trump some leeway, said he worried Trump was “caving” on his much-promised wall. 
Trump seemed frustrated by the idea that he was backing off: He Tweeted an attack on the media and suggested that there had been no change on his position.
“Don't let the fake media tell you that I have changed my position on the WALL,” he wrote on Twitter. “It will get built and help stop drugs, human trafficking etc.” 
Elsewhere in Trump’s orbit: 
DAG ON IT: The Senate confirmed Rod Rosenstein as the deputy attorney general, the no. 2 official in the Justice Department. That means he will oversee investigations into Russian election meddling and ties between the Trump campaign and Russia. 
ALLES PROTECTS: President Donald Trump announced the appointment of Randolph “Tex” Alles as director of the U.S. Secret Service. He is currently the acting deputy commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
FLYNN FALLOUT: House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz said former national security adviser and Trump campaign adviser Michael Flynn likely violated the law by failing to disclose payments from Russia and Turkey when he sought to re-up his security clearance. 
FORCEFUL TONE: President Trump gave a forceful speech today in a speech remembering the Holocaust at the Capitol. (The New York Times) 
ROAD TRIP: Ivanka Trump faced a skeptical crowd that booed her as she made her international debut as a member of the Trump administration during the W-20 Summit in Berlin. 
NO SANCTUARY: A federal judge in San Francisco blocked the Trump administration’s effort to cut funds to so-called “sanctuary cities” and other municipalities that don’t help enforce immigration laws. 
NUNES TO THE RACE: House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, who has recused himself from a probe of Russian election interference, now has a Democratic opponent in his previously uncompetitive California House district. 
And there you have it. You’re caught up on the Trump administration. Happy Tuesday night.



ARTICLE
Devin Nunes, the California Republican congressman who sparked a national firestorm as the House Intelligence chairman overseeing the investigation into Russian election meddling, has a challenger. 
Charging voters are “fed up” with Nunes, Fresno County Deputy District Attorney Andrew Janz announced his candidacy Tuesday for California’s 22nd Congressional District seat. 
Story Continued Below
Janz, a 33-year-old Democrat from the Central Valley city of Visalia, challenges the idea that the GOP-dominated district’s 10-point Republican voter registration advantage or Nunes’ roots in a third-generation dairy farming family shields him from a strong challenge in 2018. Nunes, 43, a Republican from Tulare, was elected to the seat in 2002. 
“The notion that Devin Nunes is unbeatable is a myth,’’ Janz said in an interview Tuesday. “He’s been more concerned about defending himself regarding allegations of misusing classified information than he is with the concerns of the voters here — water, health care and crime. He’s not talking about these things.” 
Nunes, the embattled chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, was forced earlier this month to step aside from the investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election after the House Committee on Ethics announced an investigation following complaints that he “may have made unauthorized disclosures of classified information.” That announcement followed weeks of headlines in which Nunes was criticized for briefing President Donald Trump at the White House — before the congressman briefed his own committee members, including ranking Rep. Adam Schiff (D-Calif.) — regarding what he said was information that some members of the Trump election team had been subjects of surveillance regarding Russian connections. 
Janz is the son of immigrants — his mother from Thailand and his father from Northern Canada — who met in the Peace Corps, and English is his second language. He said Nunes, while generating those national headlines, has been out of touch with voters in a Central Valley farming district that’s home to a robust immigrant community — both Latino and Asian — and has some of the highest poverty rates and unemployment in California. 
He charged that frustrated district residents scheduled their own town hall meeting last week to address the region’s concerns, including GOP efforts to roll back the Affordable Care Act. Nunes failed to show, “and he didn’t even send a staffer,’’ Janz said. “He’s dismissed people as paid activists … but these are hard working people of the district. They’re not paid agitators.” 
Nunes’ spokesman did not immediately respond to requests for comment. 
The Fresno County prosecutor describes himself as “progressive’’ but notes that his lifelong work in law enforcement has given him a sharp perspective on public safety and criminal justice issues, which are front and center in the Central Valley. Janz said his wife, Heather, a marriage and family therapist, “is also a small business owner, so we understand the burdens of taxes and regulations.’’ 
The prosecutor has his own roots in the region. He attended Redwood High in Visalia and graduated from California State University, Stanislaus with a BA in economics and a masters in public administration before attending Southwestern Law School in Los Angeles. 
Janz said his working-class roots — his father was a laborer, his mother a hospital worker — has given him a deep understanding of the challenges facing the district’s working-class voters, including issues like the rising cost of education. “Both my wife and I have student loan debt, and we talk to countless young people who are not able to buy homes” or get out from under those obligations. 
Unlike Nunes, he said, “I’m going to build a coalition of voters here — progressives, moderates and Republicans. We’re not going to succumb to this national narrative that basically divides us; we’re going to talk about what unites us.” 



ARTICLE
"America's labor leaders will always find an open door with Donald Trump," the president assured attendees at a building trades convention earlier this month. But Trump may soon nominate a union-buster to the National Labor Relations Board.
Minneapolis attorney Doug Seaton is one of three labor lawyers on the Trump administration's shortlist for two empty seats on the NLRB. None of the three candidates is pro-union, but Seaton — who calls himself a "lawyer for employers" — stands apart. He makes his living, in part, by hiring himself out to managers on whose behalf he urges workers not to join unions.
Story Continued Below
Starting with Ronald Reagan, Republican presidents have often named stridently anti-union executives and attorneys to the NLRB. But labor and management sources queried by POLITICO couldn't remember a previous instance when a president placed on the NLRB a "union avoidance" consultant or "persuader," an occupation known colloquially as union-buster. The Labor Department requires union-busters to disclose their anti-union campaigns publicly. Seaton has done so on six occasions, most recently in May 2016.
"That is way out of line," said Larry Cohen, former president of the Communications Workers of America. "Seaton would represent one of the worst-ever nominees to the NLRB."
Randi Weingarten, president of the American Federation of Teachers, agreed. "Doug Seaton's potential nomination," she said in a written statement, "would be the latest example of Trump turning his back on workers." Seaton "has spent his professional career fighting workers' effort to join unions and gain a voice on the job," she said. "He has no place on a board whose sole mission is to empower and protect working people."
The preamble to the National Labor Relations Act, the 1935 law that created the NLRB, declares it "the policy of the United States" to encourage "the practice and procedure of collective bargaining" and to protect "the exercise by workers of full freedom of association, self-organization, and designation of representatives of their own choosing, for the purpose of negotiating the terms and conditions of their employment."
Asked to comment, a White House spokesman said, "We don't comment on personnel issues and we don't have any personnel announcements at this time."
Seaton is now leading a seventh persuasion campaign, to decertify the Service Employees International Union from representing Minnesota's 27,000 home health care workers. Because state law designates these "personal care assistants," or PCAs, as public employees, Seaton is not required to register this activity with DOL.
Seaton's union-busting is on behalf of MNPCA, a group of individuals caring for disabled family members who oppose SEIU. The effort is bankrolled in part by the Center of the American Experiment, a conservative think tank in Minnesota that also backed a “right to work” proposal in the state in 2012.
"Minnesota PCAs don't need a union," MNPCA's website reads. "The SEIU is taking a cut of a public subsidy — and then taking credit for benefits the legislature provides anyway. That's just wrong!" The website includes an "election card" to request that the Minnesota Bureau of Mediation Services authorize an election to decertify SEIU. Separate flyers with copies of the election card direct readers to send the filled-out cards to Seaton’s firm.
The mediation bureau dismissed MNPCA's petition in February, saying it did not receive enough cards, but "that action has been appealed and will not stand," Seaton wrote in a March 27 letter to Minnesota state agencies that hire PCAs. In the letter, Seaton urged the agencies to distribute flyers favoring decertification. Earlier this month Seaton canvassed for decertification in Edina, Minn.
“It’s such an unusual role for a management lawyer to play," said Brendan Cummins, a labor attorney working with SEIU who has known Seaton for a decade. 
Jamie Gulley, president of SEIU Healthcare Minnesota, called Seaton’s work “intense anti-union activism” and said, “He is not fit to serve on the NLRB."
Seaton told POLITICO that his work for MNPCA will help home health care workers “extricate themselves” from a union contract “designed to create a cash flow for the SEIU.” Many of the PCAs, Seaton said, care for family members and are not traditional state employees. “For an entity like SEIU to be taking dues money from those individuals is just wrong,” he said.
DOL filings show that Seaton previously was a union-buster in May 2016 for Finishing Touch Plus, Inc. in Hudson, Wisc., working to dissuade employees from joining the International Union of Painters and Allied Trades District Council 82. Before that, he performed the same function for Plehal Blacktopping, Inc. in Shakopee, Minn.; for Horizon Roofing in Waite Park, Minn.; for Melrose Electric in Melrose, Minn.; for Tappe Construction in Savage, Minn; and for Advanced Energy Services in Plymouth, Minn. Seaton’s efforts were uniformly successful; records indicate that no workers at these firms ever filed with the NLRB to hold a union election.
Kurt Scepaniak, president of business development for Horizon Roofing, said he hired Seaton to speak to his employees as a preventive measure. "Kind of like you brush your teeth so you don't get cavities," he said. Scepaniak declined to discuss details of what Seaton said in a meeting with his employees, citing attorney-client privilege. But he called Seaton "a hard worker and a stand-up guy."
“There isn’t anyone who knows the substantive area better than Doug Seaton. He’s very sharp,” said Joe Schmitt, a management-side lawyer in Minnesota who worked alongside Seaton in the 1990s. “But he is extremely management-side. I’m on the same side as Doug, but he is one of the most extreme management-side lawyers I know. I’m not a big fan of unions, but Doug is much less of a fan.”
Indeed, some employers find Seaton too anti-union for their tastes. Dale Wiehoff is a board member for Wedge Community Co-op, a natural-foods grocery based in Minnesota. Wiehoff said Wedge hired Seaton's law firm in 2012 to advise it on negotiations with its union. But union members said merely hiring the firm demonstrated that Wedge was acting in bad faith, prompting the co-op to reverse course.
“We were looking to have successful negotiations with the union and not have a confrontation,” Wiehoff said. “So we just didn’t need a firm that had that kind of track record.”
Seaton's current work is a far cry from his college days as a left-wing student activist with Students for a Democratic Society. In his 2015 book "Princeton Radicals of the 1960s," William Tucker writes of a young Seaton who spent summers organizing tenants’ unions in Cleveland and helping to organize a graduate student union at Rutgers University. Seaton, Tucker writes, came to view the notion of a class struggle as as a “series of fraudulent claims, overreaching bargaining, grievance claims [and] uneconomic wages.”
Tucker "accurately portrays my change and progress," Seaton said. “I was an arrogant young leftist once upon a time.”
Today, Seaton fights unions not only in the trenches, but also in the courtroom. He was the lead attorney in a challenge to the Obama Labor Department’s “persuader rule." The regulation would have expanded the group of people required to register anti-union activities with the Labor Department to include consultants and attorneys who advise managers on how to resist unions but do not come into contact with workers. The rule's implementation was blocked in November by a federal judge in Texas through a separate challenge.
If nominated and confirmed for the NLRB post, Seaton said he hopes to shift the board’s balance. “It’s gone too far in the pro-union direction," he said, "and I think it needs to be tweaked back.” But, “It’s not accurate to say I’m anti-union. I think they have a significant role to play.”
Indeed, Seaton rejects the label "union-buster." Unions often “fudge” and “misrepresent” what unionization is, he said. “We are simply brought in to explain. There’s always another side to the story. Here it is.”
Ian Kullgren contributed to this report.



ARTICLE

Thirty years ago, writing against the backdrop of Soviet-dominated Eastern Europe, novelist Margaret Atwood called the women in the “The Handmaid’s Tale” who were standing up to the fictional Puritan-inspired totalitarian government “the resistance.” Next week, Stephanie Schriock, the president of the women’s political action group EMILY’s List, will give the organization’s annual award to the Women’s Resistance to President Donald Trump. 
Story Continued Below
Atwood is a Canadian feminist novelist and poet who was inspired to write by her love of fairy tales; Schriock is a seasoned political operative who was rumored to be a candidate for chair of the Democratic National Committee if Hillary Clinton had become president. The first writes dystopian novels about women’s rights being taken away; the second deals in the practical world of fighting to preserve those rights. Both are deeply opposed to what’s happening in the White House. Both are concerned about the endurance of those pushing back. 
To Schriock, the fact that 12,000 women have signed up with EMILY’s List since the election as possible candidates for office is a reason for optimism. A strong supporter of Clinton who advised the Democratic nominee throughout the campaign, she was at New York’s Javits Center on election night for what was supposed to be the victory party, and since then, she’s been wondering whether the explosion of political activism among women, ironically, has been accelerated by Clinton’s loss in a way that would not have been possible had she been elected the first female president. 
“Like, was it that Hillary Clinton lost or was it that Donald Trump won? And I think for different women, it was one or the other,” Schriock said. “I don’t know the answer. I would rather have tried it the other way.” 
Schriock is encouraged by the number of women who’ve been marching, or who’ve been working as attorneys for clients hit by the White House travel ban, and who’ve made up the overwhelming number of callers who swamped congressional phone lines to complain about Trump’s plans to repeal Obamacare. The surge in enthusiasm has already changed the work that EMILY’s List — the acronym stands for “early money is like yeast” — is doing out of its Washington headquarters, where we spoke for the latest episode of POLITICO’s “Off Message” podcast. 
“What we have spent most of those years doing is recruiting and encouraging women to think about running, to just chew on it and we’ll be there,” Schriock said. 
Now, EMILY’s List is focused on helping women figure out how to run, since they don’t seem to need any encouragement: “Some will do it now, but some are going to do it in five years, and some are going to do it in 10 years. The fact that they have crossed over the barrier of wanting to run from not wanting to run is huge.” 
During the campaign, Trump infuriated female activists with actions ranging from alleged sexual harassment to statements that women who undergo abortions should be punished. In office, he has moved quickly on some key policy areas: toughening the “global gag rule” on foreign aid to abortion-related activities, calling on Congress to ban federal funding for Planned Parenthood, and rolling back Obama-era workplace protections for women. Even before all of that, women flooded the National Mall in Washington, D.C., to express their collective anger at a brand-new president who, on a 2005 tape that surfaced during the campaign, had been caught boasting about his ability to grope women without consequence. 
Asked whether she thinks the people fighting Trump can keep it up beyond the first few months of his presidency, Schriock says she isn’t sure: “Boy, that is the million-dollar question, right?” 
***
In “The Handmaid’s Tale,” which has been adapted into an original TV series for Hulu, Atwood writes about the Republic of Gilead, a Christian fundamentalist government that takes root in the United States after a presidential assassination and that begins by restricting the rights of women. The new government eventually seizes women’s property and bars them from working and ultimately becomes a punitive, Puritan-inspired society in which women are either second-class citizens or slaves kept for breeding — a dystopian society inspired by the author’s worst fears for the trajectory of the early 1980s. 
“I just took people at their word,” she told me in a separate “Off Message” interview, evoking an era when the backlash against the feminist movement of the 1960s and ’70s was in full swing. 
Now she’s looking at an American president she compares to “a movie screen on which there is an ambiguous image,” hopeful that nothing like her imagined world could come to pass, but worried about the endurance of the resistance, too. 
“Give America credit. It’s very ornery as a country. It’s very diverse, and you have already seen that people are not just going to stay at home for all of these things,” Atwood said. “The danger would be that people get burnt out and tired of watching the whirligig and trying to figure out what’s going on, and they give up on it.” 
But Atwood believes that society could tip into totalitarianism even more quickly than she imagined when writing her famous novel, which charts a total changeover occurring within the space of approximately five years. 
“More of the people interested in having those kinds of things happen are in power now,” Atwood said. “The moment when you know that things have gone over the edge is the moment when the regime fires into the protest crowd.” 
“When these things pivot, they can do it very quickly. Like, really quickly,” said Atwood. “Once the power is achieved, things can be pretty rapid.” 
Atwood and actress Elisabeth Moss, of “Mad Men” fame, who plays the embattled protagonist Offred, were in Washington last week as part of the promotion tour for the new Hulu series, sitting down at the Hay-Adams Hotel, a few blocks from the White House. Moss, wearing a “Je Suis Une Suffragette” T-shirt, recalled looking out the window of her room at the White House the night before and being struck by the beauty of the building and the disconnect between that and her feelings about its current occupant, whom she called “infuriating.” 
Like the character she plays, Moss said, “I feel like we’re in a situation of trying to grab at the truth, and trying to grab at the facts, and trying to understand what’s happening, as well, as best we can.” 
Moss thought back to filming on Election Day and the day after. She was upset at Trump’s victory, and that was in her head as she shot a scene that contained one of the novel’s famous lines: “Don’t let the bastards grind you down,” and another about how some inevitably suffer as the world is remade. 
I asked Moss whether her feelings about the presidential election informed her acting choices on those days and afterward. 
“I don’t know if it changes them,” Moss said. “Maybe it deepens them or makes them more personal, you know. Hopefully, I would have done the same thing anyways, but I think that it can’t help but make them feel a little bit more personal.” 
“You can’t help but come to a place like D.C. and look at the White House and think about the last time you thought about the White House, or D.C.,” Moss added, going on to compare that to Atwood’s imagined massacre of Congress and suspension of the Constitution that precipitates the government overthrow — “what happens to D.C. in the book.” 
As for reality, Schriock says she doesn’t see any reason to expect Trump will become acceptable to her, or to anyone who cares about women’s issues the way she does. 
“It feels like pushing women aside, and that’s got to start at the top, and Donald Trump seems to have no interest in that whatsoever,” Schriock said. 
Nor is she comforted by the presence of first daughter and senior White House adviser Ivanka Trump, who has said women’s issues are a priority for her. 
“As far as I’m concerned, she’s a part of the — an administration that is pushing a bad health-care bill that is going to strip insurance away from 24 million. It’s going to defund Planned Parenthood,” Schriock said. 
As for Trump agreeing to send his daughter to Germany this week for a meeting with Chancellor Angela Merkel, Schriock said she finds that insulting: “Does he not think of Merkel as an equal?” 

Given how strange and awful she finds Trump, I asked Atwood whether she found it more surreal walking around actual Washington with him as president, or walking onto a fully realized set for a filmed depiction of a world she fearfully imagined so long ago (and in which she even has a brief cameo, as an enforcer who slaps Moss’ character at one point). 
“The world always has been quite weird. It’s just that we took for granted in certain parts of this country that there was a normality, and that that was normality. And that rights were inalienable. I don’t know where anybody ever got that idea, because they didn’t come down out of a cloud. They were thought up and fought for by people. That’s where rights come from,” Atwood said. 
Thinking about the current moment, Atwood invoked the character from “The Handmaid’s Tale” who’s tasked with beating the new order into Offred and the other women. 
“That’s how they get taken away. People take them away. So, what is normal and how much can we count on it? And our idea of what is normal changes a lot, depending on the circumstances,” she said. “So, when Aunt Lydia says, ‘This may not seem normal to you now,’ it’s very scary. What is going to be the new normal?” 



ARTICLE
Retired Marine Major Gen. Randolph Alles, the current U.S. Customs and Border deputy, is expected to be tapped to lead the Secret Service, according to a former law enforcement official familiar with the selection process.
Alles has served as the acting deputy commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection since Trump’s inauguration. He previously served stints as the CBP’s acting executive assistant commissioner of enterprise services and leading the department’s Air and Marine Operations. 
Story Continued Below
Prior to serving in the federal government, Alles served for 35 years in the Marine Corps, retiring in 2011 with the rank of Major General. 
Alles will take the reigns over from Secret Service Deputy Director William Callahan, who has led the Service since former director Joseph Clancy retired on March 4. 
The Secret Service has faced repeated breaches and controversies since President Donald Trump entered the White House earlier this year, with two agents reportedly fired over a fence jumping incident in early March.
Alles' expected appointment comes after a search that purposefully looked outside of the Secret Service ranks — and process that hasn't exactly been popular among former agents. The 6,500-person bureau has its own unique characteristics and culture, which are often best understood by someone who has served on a protective detail.
"Imagine taking a guy from USDA and moving him over to be the commandant of the Marine Corps," said Bill Pickle, a former deputy assistant director of the Secret Service. "They're totally different jobs."
Pickle spoke last week, before word of Alles' expected appointment.
In an email last week, Secret Service spokeswoman Cathy Milhoan downplayed the leadership vacuum. 
"The absence of an appointed director has not impacted our protective or investigative responsibilities," she said.
But former Secret Service agents have been clamoring for Trump to quickly pick Clancy's full-time replacement.
"It's devastating," said Dan Bongino, a former protective detail agent for presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama. "They don't have anyone right now guiding the ship."
Patrick O'Carroll, a former Secret Service agent now serving as executive director of the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association, said the lack of a permanent director "obviously must have some strain" with an agency already suffering from low morale.
O'Carroll also urged Homeland Security Secretary John F. Kelly to put the Secret Service director appointment at the top of his to-do list considering it is Trump who benefits most.
"The reason is when you start taking a look at what could go wrong on your watch the last thing you want is for something to happen to the president," O'Carroll said.



ARTICLE
Republicans had been caught in one of their biggest dilemmas of the year: Whether to cross President Donald Trump and ignore his demand for border wall funding or join him and invite a government shutdown while the GOP controls all of Washington.
With four days before government funding expires, administration officials had stepped up their insistence that a must-pass spending bill include initial funding for his U.S.-Mexico border wall — surprising Republican leaders who had been quietly moving forward with Democrats on legislation without money for the wall.
Story Continued Below
But then Trump gave GOP lawmakers an escape hatch, telling conservative journalists at a White House reception Monday evening that he would be comfortable delaying a fight over the wall until September.
That will be welcome news to Senate Republican leaders, who met for nearly an hour on Monday to go over their plight. They emerged “optimistic” about getting a deal with Democrats, said Sen. Roy Blunt (R-Mo.). And now, it might not require delivering Trump some bad news.
One Republican senator said Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky has not indicated whether he supports Trump’s request for wall money. But the senator, who would only speak anonymously, said the preference of most GOP leaders is to deliver Trump only border technology and staffing and leave the fight for “new money on a new wall for later.”
“I think that’s where we are,” the senator said.
Still, the administration’s hard-line position had received some rhetorical support on Capitol Hill. As they returned Monday from a two-week recess, Senate Republicans bashed Democrats for vowing not to vote for any bill funding the wall despite a number of Democratic senators who voted to authorize a border fence in 2006.
“They ought to quit playing games. They ought to provide for at least this down payment to continue completing work that they’ve already voted for,” said Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn of Texas). “Seems to be kind of a no-brainer.”
Replied Sen. Patty Murray of Washington, the No. 3 Senate Democrat: “We are not going to accept border wall money. We’re just not.”
Trump’s previous insistence on funding for the wall, pushed by top administration officials over the weekend and reiterated Monday by White House press secretary Sean Spicer, had derailed bipartisan talks on a large spending package to fund the government through September.
Meanwhile, Republicans blamed Democrats for complicating negotiations by making new demands on providing permanent Obamacare subsidies for low-income people. The dispute may require Congress to pass a short-term funding bill to avoid a shutdown on Friday night; Blunt said that decision would be made by the end of Tuesday.
Democrats laid out a hard line against the border wall more than a month ago, placing Republicans in the uncomfortable political position of picking between a potentially disastrous shutdown fight or leaving Trump’s priorities behind.
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer of New York said Monday night that he had interpreted Trump's comments to conservative media outlets as "taking the wall off the table" in spending talks. "Now the bipartisan and bicameral negotiators can continue working on the outstanding issues," he said in a statement.
Even conservative Democrats were largely opposed to Trump’s demands.
“If the president is able to get the Mexicans to pay for it, God bless him. I don’t think it should be a high priority for us to pay for it right now with all the different demands we have,” said Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia, perhaps the closest congressional Democrat to Trump.
Republicans had quietly signaled for weeks that they preferred to skirt a battle over the $1.4 billion in requested wall funding — but Trump’s tweetstorms about the wall and his emissaries' public statements had made it impossible to ignore.
“If the wall is not built, which it will be, the drug situation will NEVER be fixed the way it should be! #BuildTheWall,” Trump tweeted on Monday, hours before he signaled new flexibility.
It’s still not clear how hard congressional Republicans wanted to fight for wall funding, especially as lawmakers in both parties are willing to support more funding for border security that’s not explicitly for a wall on the Mexican border. Such a move would allow both parties to save face but would still amount to a major letdown for Trump as he approaches his 100th day in office on Saturday. 
“One way or the other, I assume there will be security dollars in the budget. The question is whether they are specifically for a wall or something else,” said Sen. John Thune of South Dakota, the No. 3 Republican in the chamber. Asked whether he supports putting wall funding in the spending bill, he said: “If we could get that, then yeah.” 
Adding to the confusion is Trump’s idea of cutting off the Obamacare subsidies if Democrats don’t fund the border wall. About $7 billion is needed to provide low-income people with insurance assistance; seeking leverage, Trump has suggested he could cut off the payments, which would cripple the 2010 health care law as well as the individual insurance market. 
Some Democrats, particularly House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi of California, are pushing for a concession from Republicans for a permanent fix on the subsidies, though Democrats are far more likely to receive a temporary patch given the GOP’s opposition to propping up Obamacare. Democrats made Republicans an offer on the matter on Sunday, but a Democratic aide said Republicans have not responded. 
And on Monday, some Republicans seemed more enamored with fighting for the border wall on the spending bill and leaving the Obamacare fight to a more comprehensive discussion about replacing the law. The House could vote in the coming days on a repeal-and-replace bill. 
The wall is “part of the president’s priority, and we’re talking about .14 percent of discretionary spending,” said Sen. Steve Daines (R-Mont.). The Obamacare subsidies, he said, should be “resolved, frankly, in the overall repeal-and-replace” discussion. 
Given the state of negotiations and high political stakes, some Republican allies are hoping that Congress will punt the budget fight to the fall and regroup. 
Tim Phillips, president of the conservative Americans for Prosperity, said his organization wants House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin and McConnell to drop negotiations with Democrats on a larger deal and pass a “continuing resolution” to fund the government at current spending levels through the end of September. He fears that if Democrats and Republicans resolve their differences, the end result will be increased spending rather than the fiscal restraint long vowed by the GOP. 
“We want a clean CR that sticks to the discretionary spending caps that too often in the past have been ignored,” Phillips said. “We’re not for a shutdown.” 
Josh Dawsey, Seung Min Kim, John Bresnahan, Rachael Bade and Heather Caygle contributed to this report. 



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump may soon find out whether his chest-thumping “America first” policy can bring some desperate Americans back home.
The president is coming under increasing pressure from relatives of Americans imprisoned by foreign governments to secure their release. Some are pushing his administration to use a Tuesday meeting about the Iran nuclear deal in Vienna to persuade Tehran to release Americans in its custody, despite Trump’s vehement criticism of the Islamic Republic.
Story Continued Below
Just days ago, Trump was beaming after helping free an American held prisoner in Egypt, a country he’s been heavily courting. But then some ominous news landed over the weekend: another U.S. citizen had been detained, this time in North Korea, which Trump has singled out as a threat.
In all, the developments are a vivid reminder of the human stakes involved as the new Republican president calibrates his approach to foreign policy. Trump’s decision on which countries to engage, which to isolate, and when to seek a middle ground could dramatically affect the fate of Americans imprisoned abroad on what their supporters insist are baseless charges.
“These circumstances are cases that are incredibly complex, challenging and for which failure is not an option,” said Jared Genser, a lawyer trying to help free American citizens Baquer and Siamak Namazi, a father and son held in Iran.
Trump scored an early success in securing the release of American charity worker Aya Hijazi, who was acquitted by an Egyptian court of child abuse and human trafficking charges after around three years in custody. But her case may prove a relatively easy one given Trump’s eagerness to mend U.S.-Egypt ties, which frayed under former President Barack Obama.
Trump views Egypt as a critical counter-terrorism ally, and he has been willing to set aside concerns about its human rights record to earn the good graces of Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah el-Sisi. In early April, Trump hosted Sisi at the White House, a huge boost for an Arab leader largely shunned by Obama. White House officials have said that Trump raised Hijazi’s case with the Egyptian leader, though it was not clear exactly when.
But several Americans detained overseas are in countries that the Trump administration has been far less friendly toward, including Iran, Venezuela and North Korea. While Obama looked for ways to engage Iran, took a mixed approach toward Venezuela, and largely gave up on publicly reaching out to North Korea, Trump has been notably harsher toward those three countries. In particular, he’s targeted North Korea over its nuclear ambitions and warned Iran to stop meddling outside its borders.
Some former U.S. officials say the more strident tone under Trump may make some of the targeted countries less inclined to release the Americans.
“Just generally, if the relationship is very complicated, like with Venezuela and North Korea, and there’s a lot of hostility, it’s not helpful when you’re negotiating a prisoner release,” said former New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson, who has been trying to help Americans detained in those two countries.
At the same time, if Trump stays consistently tough toward those countries, they may calculate that imprisoning Americans is not a useful way to gain leverage over the United States. Some may even choose to release the Americans as a gesture aimed at lowering tensions, Richardson added.
“What these prisoner releases can do, and what I have urged in the past, is that they can be a pathway to a dialogue between the two hostile countries,” said Richardson, a Democrat who also served as ambassador to the United Nations under the Clinton administration.
Richard Boucher, a former top U.S. diplomat who served under both Republican and Democratic presidents, said the trick is to keep the release of the Americans a priority but not hinge other key foreign policy objectives on their freedom.
“Most people in the policy process would say we can’t let some American – an innocent missionary or whoever is detained – you can’t let their presence affect our national goals,” Boucher said. “Otherwise your policy becomes hostage.”
Asked whether the administration’s tough rhetoric could undermine its efforts to free U.S. citizens, the State Department said in a statement: “The welfare and safety of U.S. citizens abroad is one of the highest priorities of the State Department. Every case is different and handled individually.” 
It’s not clear how many Americans are imprisoned by foreign governments or how many of them are being held for politically motivated reasons. The State Department won’t release such information, citing privacy concerns. The cases also differ from those of Americans held hostage by terrorist groups or other non-state actors. The relatives of some imprisoned Americans never publicize their cases, hoping to quietly negotiate their release.
Since Trump’s inauguration, however, some families have become more vocal than in the past. They hope the new U.S. president will live up to campaign declarations that he won’t stand for such treatment of American citizens.
Fred and Cindy Warmbier went on Fox News earlier this month to plead with the new administration to bring home their son, Otto, who was sentenced in 2016 to 15 years of hard labor in North Korea. The University of Virginia student reportedly confessed to trying to take a propaganda banner while visiting North Korea.
“President Trump, I ask you, bring my son home. You can make a difference here,” Fred Warmbier said in the TV appearance.
But the Warmbiers’ request came as tensions were rising between the Trump administration and North Korea. Trump aides publicly would not rule out using military force to destroy Pyongyang’s nuclear program, and North Korea suggested it would react in kind. Last weekend, in a show of defiance, North Korea tried to test a missile, but the projectile exploded upon launch.
On Saturday, Tony Kim, also known as Kim Sang-duk, was stopped by North Korean authorities as he was trying to fly out of Pyongyang, The Associated Press reported.
Kim, a college professor, is the third American known to be in North Korean custody. Aside from Otto Warmbier, businessman Kim Dong Chul is being held, sentenced to several years of hard labor on accusations of spying.
North Korea has freed Americans in its custody before, though usually after a gesture by the United States. In 2014, under Obama, Pyongyang freed Matthew Todd Miller and Kenneth Bae after then-U.S. Director of National Intelligence James Clapper visited North Korea on a secret trip.
Richardson said he’s been trying to persuade the North Korean government to let him visit for a discussion on how to release the Americans, and that they “haven’t said no” yet. He urged the Trump administration to “cool the bluster, tone down the rhetoric” and seek potential third-party channels, such as the Chinese, to lean on North Korea to free the Americans.
The lengthy talks with Iran that led to the nuclear deal gave the Obama administration a rare opening with a long-standing nemesis to negotiate the release of several Americans.
In January 2016, Iran agreed to free five Americans during the same weekend in which the nuclear deal was officially implemented. The release of four of the Americans was part of a deal that saw the U.S. drop charges or arrest warrants for a total of 21 people suspected of offenses including illegal arms importation. Iran and the U.S. also settled a separate, decades-old legal dispute that led the U.S. to pay Iran $1.7 billion. The nuclear deal’s critics alleged that was essentially a ransom for the American prisoners.
Iran refused to free at least one American in its custody at the time: businessman Siamak Namazi, who is now 45. Soon afterward, Iran also detained Siamak’s father, Baquer Namazi, an 80-year-old former United Nations official. Aside from the Namazis, at least two other Americans are believed to now be in Iranian custody, as well as two U.S. green-card holders. Retired FBI agent Robert Levinson also went missing in Iran 10 years ago.
Genser, the lawyer working on the Namazi case, said the pair’s relatives hope that Trump’s deputies will raise the matter with Iranian officials Tuesday, when they meet in Vienna to discuss the status of the nuclear deal.
“We understand the Namazi cases will be raised by the United States in its first bilateral discussions with Iran since President Trump's inauguration,” Genser said. “While this will be a critical step forward, U.S. officials must then engage aggressively to secure their release as both are in rapidly deteriorating health.”
Tuesday’s meeting, however, comes as the Trump administration has escalated its rhetoric against Iran. Last week, shortly after certifying to Congress that Iran was adhering to the nuclear deal, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson held a press conference to pillory Iran for a long list of reasons. Tillerson even blasted the nuclear agreement itself, insisting it would not curb Tehran’s long-term nuclear ambitions.
Asked whether Trump’s rhetoric hurts the Namazis’ prospects of getting freed, Genser said it’s hard to predict because so many factors are in play. “It’s very difficult to understand how governments that are hostile to the United States think about dealing with any president, let alone this one,” he said.
Trump also has taken a tough stance toward Venezuela, which has detained 25-year-old U.S. citizen Josh Holt since last June.
Holt went to Venezuela last year to marry a woman he’d met online. He and his new wife were were picked up by Venezuelan officials who allege he was stockpiling weapons. The officials also cast him as part of a grander U.S. plot to undermine the rule of Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro, which has been marked by economic turmoil leading to shortages of food, medicine and other basic necessities.
In February, the Trump administration leveled sanctions against a Venezuelan vice president over allegations that he’s a drug trafficker. Later that month, the U.S. president met with the wife of Leopoldo Lopez, a jailed Venezuelan opposition leader.
Shortly after Trump was inaugurated on Jan. 20, Josh Holt’s mother, Laurie, released a video asking the new president to do more to help free her son. She is in Washington this week to meet with lawmakers and members of the administration about her son’s case.
She believes that Venezuela, which still retains important trade links to the United States and which indirectly donated $500,000 to Trump’s inauguration, will be more responsive to tough talk than sweet talk.
“I voted for Trump because I felt like the way he goes about things, that it would, maybe, make Venezuela be afraid because they don’t know what he’s going to do,” Laurie Holt said in an interview. “Something has to give somewhere.”



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump isn’t the only one promoting his private Mar-a-Lago club as the “winter White House.” His foreign policy team has gotten in on it too.
The State Department and at least two U.S. embassies — the United Kingdom and Albania — earlier this month circulated a 400-word blog post detailing the long history of the president’s South Florida club, which has been open to dues-paying members since the mid-1990s and is now used by Trump for frequent weekend getaways. He has hosted foreign leaders there twice. 
Story Continued Below
The blog post — written by the State Department-managed site Share America — described the “dream deferred” when Mar-a-Lago’s original builder, Marjorie Merriweather Post, willed the property to the federal government upon her death in 1973, with the stipulation it be used as a winter retreat for the president. 
“Her plan didn’t work, however,” the post’s author, Leigh Hartman, wrote, explaining how the government returned the property to Post’s trust because it cost too much money to maintain. Trump bought the property and its furniture in 1985, and he opened it a decade later as a private club.
“Post’s dream of a winter White House came true with Trump’s election in 2016,” Hartman wrote.
Share America removed the post on Monday after the State Department’s efforts to share the article — originally published just before Trump hosted Chinese President Xi Jinping at Mar-a-Lago — drew criticism. "The intention of the article was to inform the public about where the President has been hosting world leaders. We regret any misperception and have removed the post," read a statement on the site in place of the post. 
The post drew scrutiny Monday after reporters linked to it on Twitter. The ethics watchdog group American Oversight said it would file complaints with the State Department’s Inspector General and the Office of Government Ethics, and it also said it would write to Capitol Hill oversight panels urging them to launch their own investigations.
Democrats also quickly piled on. 
Norm Eisen, a former White House ethics attorney and frequent Trump critic, said the State Department ran afoul of U.S. laws prohibiting public officials from using their office for private gain. Those violations “have gone viral thruout [sic] our embassies,” he wrote on Twitter. “Trump gutting foreign aid to convert embassies 2 trump promo outlets!” 
Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.) also slammed Trump’s administration, linking to an April 5 tweet from the State Department’s Economic & Business Affairs office that promoted the president’s club by asking: “Curious about the President’s winter White House also known as Mar-a-Lago?” 
“Yes, I am curious @StateDept. Why are taxpayer $$ promoting the President’s private country club,” Wyden asked Monday on Twitter. A few minutes later, the senator posted the full Share America article “in its kleptocratic glory.”
State Department acting press secretary Mark Toner told reporters Monday during an afternoon briefing that he wasn’t aware of the blog post. Embassy officials did not immediately respond to requests from POLITICO for comment.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump’s top economic advisers will meet Tuesday evening with congressional leaders to discuss rewriting the tax code. 
One day before what Trump has promised will be a “big announcement” on tax reform, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn will meet with House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky). 
Story Continued Below
Senate Finance Chairman Orrin Hatch (R-Utah) and House Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady (R-Texas) are also slated to attend, according to a Ryan spokeswoman. 
Wednesday’s announcement is expected to produce relatively few details about the administration’s coming tax reform plan. 
But Mnuchin said Monday, “It is important that we’re talking about it, and we are going to move forward.”
“On the tax side, I’ve been meeting weekly with the House and the Senate,” he said at the daily White House media briefing. 
"We’ve been clear on what the president’s objectives are for tax reform — middle-income tax cut, a priority of the president’s. Simplification. The average American should be able to do their taxes on a large postcard. Business tax reform. We need to make business taxes competitive," he said.
Rachael Bade and Bernie Becker contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
BERLIN — German Chancellor Angela Merkel’s visit to the White House last month may have been filled with awkward moments, but she left with one key takeaway — identifying the first daughter as her back-channel to President Donald Trump.
The White House was broadly criticized for seating Ivanka Trump, who at the time held no official government position, next to the German leader during a meeting on workforce apprenticeship, essentially elevating a family member with no political experience to the level of Europe’s most important leader.
Story Continued Below
But for Merkel, a skilled political operator forging relations with the third U.S. president to gain power during her 12 years in office, it was a useful signal of how to work the Trump White House.
She followed up by elevating Ivanka Trump even more, inviting her to speak Tuesday at the W20 Summit in Berlin alongside Queen Maxima of the Netherlands and International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde, among others, for a panel on women’s entrepreneurship.
A White House official said the panel will be more in the weeds and wonky than sweeping and symbolic; Ivanka Trump has been prepping for weeks, immersing herself in McKinsey & Co. reports on women in the workforce, rather than searching for soaring language with a speechwriter.
Her inclusion on a panel of world leaders gives as much insight into Merkel’s strategy for diplomacy with the U.S. president — who during the 2016 election called her “insane” and accused her of “ruining” Germany — as it does about the ambitious first daughter. But it provides Trump with her biggest international platform yet.
“The Germans are as bemused as everybody else is, in attempting to navigate how this White House manages its official relationships,” said Constanze Stelzenmuller, an expert on German policy and politics at the Brookings Institution in Washington.
But knowing how heavily the president relies on his family members as top West Wing advisers, Stelzenmuller said, “It seems obvious that you would engage Ivanka Trump. Merkel is saying, ‘This is the hand I’ve been dealt, and this looks promising.’”
James Jeffrey, a senior fellow at The Washington Institute and a former deputy national security adviser and ambassador to Iraq under President Barack Obama, said Merkel is working out how to approach an atypical U.S. leader.
“Merkel is sly as a fox. The unorthodox road to this guy is Ivanka. That’s the person you go to, not the second secretary in the Embassy in Berlin,” Jeffrey said.
In this case, Merkel doesn’t have much choice: Trump has yet to appoint an ambassador to Germany (an Obama-era deputy, Kent Logsdon, is filling the role on an interim basis). She will appear on a panel about democracy with Obama next month.
In seeking to reach the president through his daughter, now a special assistant in the White House, Merkel has given Ivanka Trump an opportunity to prove to skeptics at home and abroad that she is the serious, policy-minded, moderating political force she aims to project, not just a softer saleswoman for her father’s ideas.
It’s not a symbolic opportunity to speak truth to power abroad, the way Hillary Clinton did when she traveled to China as first lady in 1995 and proclaimed, “Women’s rights are human rights, and human rights are women’s rights.” Instead, Trump’s trip is seen here as an opportunity to ease fears among Europeans about the new U.S. administration.
The visit is particularly fraught as Europe reels from Sunday’s vote in France. Emmanuel Macron, a novice political centrist, and far-right populist Marine Le Pen, who has proposed calling a referendum on France’s membership in the European Union, qualified for a run-off to decide the next president.
In Berlin, Trump faces a skeptical audience, one that views the new presidency with fear and suspicion and is unsure of what to make of the first daughter.
“What does a daughter with no political experience have to do in the White House?” said Andrea Seibel, an opinion editor at Die Welt, the influential conservative-leaning Berlin daily, where editors huddling in the newsroom Monday afternoon planned to give front-page coverage to the visit.
“We have family clan experiences in autocracies,” Seibel said. “Ivanka Trump isn’t elected, she is a daughter. She didn’t say anything in the elections when he was saying nasty things about women and migrants. She is his voice, but somehow she has a nicer face.”
The coverage of Ivanka Trump in the German media in the days leading up to her speech was similar to that at home, where she has been criticized on late night programs like “Saturday Night Live” for being “complicit” in her father’s agenda.
The front page of one daily newspaper, Berliner Zeitung, featured a photograph of Ivanka Trump under the headline “First Flusterin,” or “the first whisperer.” The story questioned whether the first daughter would push her father toward a moderate course or act as a “loyal accomplice.”
And abroad as at home, the interest level in all things Trump is high. About 400 reporters are expected to cover the women’s conference at the Intercontinental Berlin, CNN reported.
Merkel isn’t the first world leader to try and influence the president through the family member he has made clear is one of his most trusted advisers. Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau in March invited Ivanka Trump to attend the Broadway show “Come From Away” with him, a play whose central theme is about embracing foreigners.
And a White House official said Chrystia Freeland, Canada’s minister of foreign affairs, and Queen Maxima have both reached out with requests for public events with Ivanka Trump. (Both are participants in Tuesday’s W20 summit.)
Merkel laid the groundwork for her own outreach in February, when she approached Vice President Mike Pence at a Munich security conference.
When she came to Washington in March, she told Pence she wanted to participate in a roundtable on apprenticeship, according to a person familiar with Merkel’s thinking and a White House official. Merkel hoped to discuss how American and German private sector companies could better train workers.
One of her aims in picking that issue, according to the person familiar with her thinking, was to engage the first daughter, who has expressed interest in working with CEOs to improve conditions for women in the workforce. Appealing to Ivanka Trump was an easier target for Merkel than the president’s top political adviser, Steve Bannon, an anti-globalist who supported last year’s Brexit vote in the United Kingdom and is critical of the EU.
In Berlin Tuesday, the White House official said, Trump plans to stick to the basics: Highlighting the role of women in the global economy and discussing the importance of access to capital for female entrepreneurs. It’s an issue she has studied since before the campaign and one that she has focused on since moving to Washington, where she has been on a listening tour of sorts with CEOs such as Pepsi’s Indra Nooyi and General Motors’ Mary Barra.
After the conference, Trump, a converted Orthodox Jew, is scheduled to tour manufacturing company Siemens and visit the Memorial to the Murdered Jews of Europe, Berlin’s Holocaust memorial.
She will be accompanied by three White House aides: Dina Powell, the deputy national security adviser and senior economic counselor; communications adviser Hope Hicks; and her newly named chief of staff, Julie Radford.
Even with Europe’s future in turmoil, Ivanka Trump’s visit dominated front pages in Berlin. “Who knows,” said Oliver Michalsky, deputy editor-in-chief of Die Welt. “Maybe she’ll become America’s first female president.”



ARTICLE
Press secretary Sean Spicer said Monday that the White House’s priority on legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare is to “get it done right” instead of rushing a bill through in order to meet a created deadline or claim a legislative victory.
The patience urged by Spicer from the briefing room podium Monday marked a departure from White House efforts last week to reintroduce real-and-replace legislation this week, hoping to quickly shepherd the legislation to President Donald Trump’s desk before his benchmark 100th day in office. A successful vote on the legislation would give the president a win early on his presidency, which thus far has been marked most notably by the failure of White House-backed legislation last month.
Story Continued Below
“I think that whenever the speaker and the leadership over in the House tell us that they feel confident that they have the votes, then we would encourage them to move forward,” Spicer said. “We have been very clear from here and I think the president has been clear in his comments that our goal is to get it done and get it done right and to get it done to make sure that we have the votes.”
The press secretary insisted that reports of a White House push to move healthcare legislation this week do not reflect the Trump administration’s true thinking and that House Speaker Paul Ryan, House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy and House Majority Whip Steve Scalise will make any call on scheduling a vote on healthcare legislation. 
“If it happens and we have the votes this week, great, if it's next week or the week after,” Spicer said. “But I think we want to make sure that we’ve got the votes and we’re headed in the right direction before putting some kind of artificial deadline.”



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump on Monday pledged that his yet-to-be-unveiled health care plan will cause premiums to “start tumbling down” and produce “real” health care.
“If our healthcare plan is approved, you will see real healthcare and premiums will start tumbling down,” Trump said on Twitter. “ObamaCare is in a death spiral!”
Story Continued Below
Republicans’ first attempt to repeal and replace Barack Obama’s Affordable Care Act failed last month, and the White House indicated last week that it is preparing a revised version of the House health care bill to debate as early as this week, ahead of Trump’s 100th day in office. 
Republicans have not yet presented their proposal publicly, however, nor has their plan received a score from the Congressional Budget Office.
Obamacare is frequently criticized because some insurance premiums have risen since its enactment.
The CBO’s report on the failed House Republican bill, the American Health Care Act, predicted that the legislation would increase average premiums in the insurance marketplaces before 2020 and lower them after that point, “relative to projections under current law.”



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump will name Howard Lorber to be chairman of the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Council, the governing board that oversees the Holocaust museum in Washington, according to a White House official and a transition official. 
Lorber, the chairman of real estate brokerage Douglas Elliman, is a longtime friend of Trump’s who arranged for him to be the grand marshal of the 2004 Salute to Israel parade on New York’s Fifth Ave. He declined to comment on his appointment. 
Story Continued Below
The choice comes ahead of Trump’s speech Tuesday at the museum in recognition of Yom HaShoah, Israel’s Holocaust Remembrance Day.
Son-in-law and White House advisor Jared Kushner and other influential Jewish members of Trump’s inner circle—including ambassador to Israel David Friedman and Trump's special representative for international negotiations Jason Greenblatt—pushed for Trump to speak at the museum, according to a former transition official. 
“Expect a carefully scripted speech by POTUS,” said the transition official, who asked to remain anonymous in order to discuss the plans freely. “He is going to stick to the script.”
The White House has committed repeated gaffes with regard to the Jewish community. Earlier this month, press secretary Sean Spicer’s was forced to apologize after making reference to “Holocaust centers” during a briefing, in which he also claimed that Adolf Hitler hadn’t gassed “his own people.”
In January, the White House omitted specific mention of Jews in its statement commemorating International Holocaust Remembrance Day. Trump was also criticized for failing to denounce vandalism at Jewish cemeteries earlier this year, though Vice President Mike Pence subsequently traveled to one in St. Louis, Missouri, to help with cleanup. 
“All Trump has to do tomorrow is obviously not repeat any of the previous gaffes, mistakes and simply display an accurate understanding and sensitivity to this monstrous nightmare in Jewish history,” said Morton Klein, president of the Zionist Organization of America. “He doesn’t have to apologize, just say what’s correct now.” 
On Sunday, Trump delivered a video address to the World Jewish Congress. “We mourn, we remember, we pray, and we pledge, never again, I say it, never again,” Trump said in his remarks. 
The Holocaust Memorial Council was chartered by Congress in 1980. The council’s chairs, appointed by the president to five-year terms, have typically been prominent Jewish leaders with close White House ties. President George W. Bush chose Houston businessman Fred Zeidman, a prolific Republican fundraiser, for the council chairmanship. The current chair, developer Tom Bernstein, was appointed to consecutive terms by President Barack Obama.



ARTICLE
CHICAGO — True to form, the beginning of Barack Obama’s public post-presidency was all studious symbolism, as he teasingly played off the crowd and cautiously avoided saying anything about things he didn’t want to discuss — most of all, the man who succeeded him in the Oval Office. 
Except for one short joke as he took the stage here at the University of Chicago — “So … uh, what’s been going on while I’ve been gone?” — he spoke Monday almost as though Donald Trump, whom he spent last year calling a threat to the republic and not to be trusted with America’s nuclear arsenal, weren’t in the White House. 
Story Continued Below
Obama mapped out a sense of urgency — about the need for more civil discussions. He suggested that there is cause for panic — about the reasons young people aren’t voting in the numbers he’d want. 
Leading a conversation about young leaders with six local students, he took aim at gerrymandering, special interest money and low participation as the causes of what’s gone wrong in American politics, and said he hopes to help identify and break down the barriers that keep young people from getting more involved. 
“What is the most important thing I can do for my next job? What I’m convinced of is that although there are all kinds of issues that I care about, and all kind of issues that I intend to work on, the most important single thing I can do is to help in any way I can prepare the next generation of leadership to take up the baton and take their own crack at changing the world,” Obama said, in his opening remarks. 
Ticking off economic inequality, lack of opportunity, criminal justice reform, climate change and reactions to violence, Obama said, “all those problems are serious, they’re daunting, but they’re not insoluble. What is preventing us from tackling them and making more progress really has to do with our politics and our civic life.” 
Trump represents not just a challenge to what Obama put in place during his eight years in office, but also to his sense of American politics. He spoke repeatedly during the 2016 campaign about how he assumed voters would never go with Trump, and that he’d never be able to actually win. 
In response, Obama on Monday tweaked his most famous line from his most famous speech, which essentially launched him into the presidency on a sense that he represented the unity in America that was otherwise being overlooked. 
“When I said in 2004 that there were no red states or blue states, there are United States of America, that was an aspirational comment,” Obama said. 
That may be true of one-on-one interactions, Obama added, but “obviously, it’s not true when it comes to our politics and our civic life, and maybe more pernicious is the fact that people just aren’t involved. They get cynical, and they give up.” 
Obama taught here on the law school faculty before running for U.S. Senate, and he returned here last year for an event a few blocks away to promote his effort to name Antonin Scalia’s replacement on the Supreme Court. But arriving as a former president came with some notable changes: a smaller motorcade, a tiny entourage with a staff small enough that he had to call out at one point to ask how long he was supposed to stay on stage, a group of Secret Service agents new to his detail but security light enough that audience members didn’t even have their bags checked, let alone have to go through magnetometers. 
Outside, there were all of four demonstrators: three from the Revolutionary Communist Party holding signs that read “Obama — We Are Not On the Same Intramural Team as Trump!!” playing off the former president’s comments after the election results came in, and one man who stood silently on the sidewalk outside holding large American and Mexican flags. 
But fresh off his most recent vacation in French Polynesia with Oprah Winfrey, Bruce Springsteen and Tom Hanks, Obama entered to cheers and applause, starting off with remarks from Richard Omoniyi-Shoyoola, an undergraduate who briefly recounted Obama’s runs for president: “He won … and then, in 2012, he won again.” 

Omoniyi-Shoyoola compared Obama’s life to “one of America’s great historical narratives,” alongside those of Frederick Douglass and Teddy Roosevelt. 
“His legacy is still being understood, cemented and challenged. But the man stands as ready as ever to assume one of the most essential roles of democracy, that of the citizen,” Omoniyi-Shoyoola said. 
Obama spent most of the event asking questions, on what could be done to get more students to be like the ones on stage and involved with their communities, on whether a member of the University of Chicago College Republicans felt that his voice is drowned out on campus, on how to tackle the fragmentation of journalism, and how young people are basing more of their information on social media than verified facts. 
Picking up lines he delivered at the end of his presidency, he chalked up his successful run for U.S. Senate from Illinois to meeting people in person even in heavily Republican parts of Illinois, and how that prepared him to do the same in Iowa in 2008 and beyond. 
The need to build more connections between Democrats and Republicans, Obama said, was reflected in his relationship with Dick Lugar, the former Republican senator from Indiana who had been a mentor to him when he first arrived in the Senate but who then lost a primary from the right because he was perceived as too moderate and Washington-centric, or, as Obama put it, “because he talked to me.” 
Obliquely, he talked about the current state of immigration policy in response to a student’s question about what to say to undocumented immigrant workers whose nervousness has spiked since the election. 
“Historically, when you look at surveys, the overwhelming majority of Americans believe that America is a nation of immigrants and that immigration has contributed,” Obama said. “Sometimes, they feel frustrated if it is perceived that folks are breaking the rules or cutting the line, essentially.” 
But he warned “not to assume that everyone who has trouble with the current immigration system is automatically racist.” 
Obliquely, he talked about the lessons of losing an election by answering another student’s question about failure. He mentioned the book he’s started writing since leaving office — reflecting on his own story and, particularly, the embarrassing failure of his 2000 House primary campaign against Rep. Bobby Rush (D-Ill.) — and gave some advice for young people looking to get into politics. 
“As I was writing, when I thought about that race, what I was reminded of was the degree to which that was probably the sole time in my political career where I think I ran more just because it was the next thing, rather than running because I had a good theory of what I wanted to do,” Obama said. “If you’re more concerned with, ‘I want to be a congressman,’ or ‘I want to be a senator,’ or ‘I want to be rich,’ some people may succeed in chasing that goal, but when they get there, they don’t know what to do with it. And if they don’t get there, they don’t have anything to show for it.” 
He said he’d be answering more. But, perhaps sensing the tension in the crowd eager to hear him say more about the current political situation, and wanting to avoid a question from one of the students asking him about Trump more directly, Obama cut off the event at two questions. 
“There’s a reason why I’m always optimistic even when things look like they’re sometimes not going the way I want,” Obama said, closing the event, “and that is because of young people like this.” 



ARTICLE
Another ballistic missile test from North Korea could prompt a military reaction from the United States, U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said Monday morning.
Speaking from Washington, where she and other members of the U.N. Security Council will meet with President Donald Trump later Monday, Haley told NBC’s “Today” show that “we are not going to do anything unless he gives us reason to do something.” But should North Korea continue its recent pattern of saber-rattling, Haley said the U.S. is prepared to respond with military force.
Story Continued Below
“If you see him attack a military base, if you see some sort of intercontinental ballistic missile, then obviously we’re going to do that,” Haley said in response to a question about what activity from North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un might prompt a response from the U.S. military. “But right now, we're saying don't test, don’t use nuclear missiles, don’t try and do any more actions, and I think he's understanding that and China’s helping us really put that pressure on him.”
“Let me just make sure I understand what you just said,” NBC anchor Matt Lauer followed up. “If he tests another intercontinental ballistic missile, if he were to test another nuclear device, when you say, ‘Obviously we're going to do that,’ do you mean military retaliation?”
“I think then the president steps in and decides what's going to happen,” Haley replied.
North Korea has attempted two missile tests in recent weeks, one of which was successful, and was engaged in preparations consistent with a possible sixth nuclear weapon test. In response to the stepped-up activity from North Korea, the U.S. military moved an aircraft carrier, the USS Carl Vinson, into the waters off the Korean Peninsula.
That deployment, initially presented by the military and the White House as immediate, was actually delayed until after the carrier completed joint exercises with the Australian navy.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump held separate telephone conversations Monday with Chinese President Xi Jinping and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, continuing to discuss the threat posed by the regime of North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un, which has ramped up military provocations in recent weeks.
The White House, which typically releases readouts of phone calls between the president and foreign leaders, had not yet done so as of early Monday morning.
Story Continued Below
China’s state-run television network reported Monday local time that Xi called on the U.S. to exercise restraint in dealing with North Korea rather than exacerbating already strained tensions. He also reportedly told Trump that China opposes any activity that goes against the United Nations Security Council, on which both the Chinese and U.S. governments hold veto power.
According to Bloomberg, Abe told reporters following his own call with Trump that the Japanese military had begun naval exercises with the aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson and its battle group, the vessels that had supposedly been sent to the region earlier this month but instead completed drills with the Australian navy before heading north toward the Korean Peninsula. 
Abe also praised Trump’s approach to military policy toward North Korea.
“I said I had high regard for President Trump’s ability to use actions and words to show that all options are on the table,” Abe said in remarks to the media. “We were in complete agreement that we would need to continue to firmly urge restraint by North Korea, given that it has continued these dangerous provocations.”



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
Democrats and Republicans agree the word of the week will be "promises." As President Donald Trump's 100th day in office nears, the battle will be over whether they've been kept or broken. 
After angst from the president and senior aides over the 100-day mark — and anticipation that press coverage will be dominated by his failure to change Obamacare — the White House plans to spend the week telling Americans he has kept his promises from the 2016 campaign, according to senior administration officials and a planning document reviewed by POLITICO. 
Story Continued Below
The White House has a packed schedule for the president. With reelection in 2020 already on their minds, aides noted that even though recent polls show Trump has a lower approval rating than any modern president at the same point, they also show his base believes he is delivering. 
Meanwhile, Democrats’ theme for the week will be “100 Days of Broken Promises to American Families,” a strategy party leaders say will focus on contrasting the “bold commitments” of Trump’s campaign with what they consider a “historic lack of accomplishment” in office.
Democrats so far have been divided on how to peel supporters away from Trump, but this week’s strategy will launch a broader effort heading into the midterm election cycle to convince voters he is a phony, congressional aides said.
"So far, the president's first 100 days have been defined by broken promises to America's working class,” Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said in a statement.
Democrats will center their attacks on Trump’s record on jobs and trade, health care, “draining the swamp” and their perception that he has boosted the wealthy at the expense of the working class, beginning with a joint news conference Monday and daily events all week. 
Trump has packed his next six days with meetings and meals with prominent senators, ambassadors from United Nations Security Council countries, and U.S. Supreme Court justices. Higher-profile Cabinet secretaries will hit the road to promote his agenda, and the president plans to woo his base with a White House reception for conservative media figures and a speech at the National Rifle Association conference.
The White House hopes the hectic schedule drowns out coverage of the misfires and highlights his successes. Administration officials spent much of the weekend huddling on a strategy and are shooting for a week of "us being busy every day," one administration official said. 
His administration plans to particularly tout the confirmation of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court, a name chosen from a list of potential justices he released during the 2016 campaign. He’ll also tout the elimination of regulations and a vow to grow the military. 
The fight will play out online as well: The White House will launch a 100-days web page, with graphics and videos that officials hope his followers will share. Democrats are planning Facebook Live sessions and heavy social media messaging. "President Trump’s first 100 days have been a disastrous parade of broken promises to working people, handouts to wealthy special interests, and deep damage to the health and economic security of America’s families,” House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said in a statement. 
Trump will cap off his first 100 days in office with something he enjoys: a rally on Saturday evening in Pennsylvania, scheduled to conflict with the annual White House Correspondents' Dinner, which he is making a point of boycotting this year. The point of the rally is to highlight kept promises and his continued support outside Washington, administration officials said. 
He tested out that message at a rally in Nashville last month, where volunteers handed out blue signs: "Promises Made, Promises Kept."
Seeing the signs delighted the president, he told the crowd, urging them to keep waving them. "We're keeping our promises," he said, praising the signs. 
But following through on the pledges has been difficult for the first-time politician. 
During the campaign, Trump released a “Contract with the American Voter,” a list of things he said he’d accomplish in office. But of 18 pledges in the “100-day action plan” that didn’t require movement by Congress, Trump has achieved roughly seven. Of the 10 legislative measures he pledged to introduce and fight for, he’s at not-quite-one, depending on how one grades the stalled effort to repeal Obamacare.
Among the changes he promised but hasn’t touched: a Constitutional amendment for term limits for members of Congress, a full ban on foreign lobbyists raising money for American elections, and legislation to address violent crime. He has not released a plan on cybersecurity, as he said he’d do within 90 days.
The White House said Trump will be “outlining principles for tax reform” on Wednesday, but there’s been little substantive work so far on what would be extremely complex legislation.
Last week, the White House began a last-minute push to revive health care legislation — an effort that seemed doomed from the start. Speaker Paul Ryan told lawmakers on Saturday not to expect a vote this week, several people who were on the conference call said.
Trump is also arguing for funding for his proposed wall at the U.S.-Mexico border, an early campaign pledge, as Congress comes back to town. But Hill leaders say that push could backfire, leading to a government shutdown on the 100-day mark.
At the Trump rally in Nashville in March, Trump quietly dropped his pledge that Mexico would pay for the wall. (He tweeted Sunday that the U.S. neighbor would pay “at a later date.”) He didn’t mention that he’d hired lobbyists despite pledging to “drain the swamp” of Washington, nor did he explain that he’d made no moves to jail former rival Hillary Clinton when the crowd chanted “lock her up.”
But he did brag, just one week before the effort fell apart, that he would keep his promise and overturn the 2010 Obamacare law. 
"Remember all the broken promises?" he said of Democrats who voted for Obamacare. "Those in Congress who made these promises have no credibility whatsoever.”



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump’s tax reform proposal, to be released Wednesday, will include new tax rates, but those will mostly be generalities for Congress to consider, the White House budget director said Sunday.
Speaking on "Fox News Sunday," Mick Mulvaney, the Office of Management and Budget director, said specifics about what tax cuts will be proposed Wednesday are still being determined. He said the announcement will include guidance, principles and “also some indication of what the rates are going to be.”
Story Continued Below
“Here are some of the rates we are talking about,” Mulvaney said of the proposal. Mulvaney did not elaborate about specific tax rate figures to be proposed.
On Friday, Trump told The Associated Press that individuals and businesses will receive “massive tax cuts” under his tax reform plan. Trump provided no details, according to the AP, but predicted the cuts would be “bigger, I believe, than any tax cut ever.”
Asked whether the proposal would include revenue-neutral tax reform or if it would add to the debt, Mulvaney said: “I don’t think we have decided that part yet.”
“It is a balancing act,” he said. “You can either have a small tax cut that is permanent or large tax cut that is short term. I don’t think we have decided that yet.”



ARTICLE
God is Ben Carson’s favorite subject. Brain surgery is a close second. Housing is somewhere further down the list.
“I was told that as a government leader, I really shouldn't talk about God. But I have to tell you, it's part of who I am,” Carson said last month, in one of his first speeches as Housing and Urban Development secretary.
Story Continued Below
Less than two months into the job, Carson still holds forth on God and neurosurgery, but his views on housing policy remain largely a mystery. While he's making good on a promised listening tour to learn about the $48 billion agency he now leads, he's done little public speaking about the urgent issue at hand — a lack of affordable housing. 
That's one reason why early excitement over his nomination has given way to bewilderment and now frustration. Every policy job at the agency remains vacant, and advocates who thought Carson’s celebrity would raise awareness of affordable housing have been disappointed. President Donald Trump doused any remaining hope when he said he would slash HUD funding by 13.2 percent.
Carson told POLITICO that policy proposals are in the works, but in public appearances the one-time presidential candidate is sticking to his stump-speech staples. He prescribes “godly principles” as a cure for the country’s political division and praises housing advocates for “putting God’s love into action.” 
“Speaking of God, which I love to do; quite frankly, he’s a great guy,” Carson said on March 28, drawing friendly laughter during a speech to the National Association of Hispanic Real Estate Professionals. “We should be grateful that God gave us variety. But you know what he didn‘t give us variety in? The brain.”
With that, the secretary — an acclaimed pediatric neurosurgeon — was off and running to his other favorite subject. Housing experts brought on stage to analyze his remarks were flummoxed.
“I was trying to take notes on what he was saying about housing,” said Armando Falcon, chief executive at Falcon Capital Advisors, waving a piece of blank paper. “I could have filled a page with neurosurgery notes."
Faith groups are deeply embedded in the affordable housing firmament, which has greeted Carson’s speeches as part motivational, part sermon and part lecture. The secretary offers no apologies.
“One of the most important parts of our Constitution is freedom of religion. There’s a mistaken thinking that we’re not supposed to talk about God,” Carson told POLITICO. “Godly principles and loving your fellow man and caring about your neighbor, there’s nothing wrong with that.”
But lately, his up-by-the-bootstraps message has been falling flat with anti-poverty audiences.
“It’s a great story, but it’s a dangerous message because not everybody can pull themselves up by their bootstraps,” said Maria Foscarinis, executive director of the National Law Center on Homelessness and Poverty. “Nobody does that, including Secretary Carson. He had a lot of support — his mother, his family, his faith. He had a whole context of support.”
So when the secretary got stuck in an elevator while touring a Miami housing project on April 12, Twitter was ruthless and late-night TV had its fun. Carson’s allies spun a good-natured silver lining — at least all those millennials watching Jimmy Kimmel now know that the secretary is on a listening tour.
That tour, which will wrap up in early June, has inspired a clutch of anti-Trump protesters devoted to the HUD secretary. CarsonWatch, launched with $75,000 in seed money, will highlight the secretary’s lack of experience and the agency’s threatened budget cuts. The group calls the listening tour “fake.”
“It’s been mostly an opportunity to do well-staged photo ops,” said Guillermo Mayer, chief executive of Public Advocates, a civil rights group affiliated with CarsonWatch. “He’s so far making empty promises that these cuts will be made up in the infrastructure bill. Show me the language and the votes.”
Carson said that while housing will be part of Trump’s infrastructure bill, that legislation won’t fill funding gaps at HUD. To meet the president’s spending targets, the agency will find ways to cut waste and be more efficient, he said.
As he learns his way around the HUD bureaucracy, Carson expects to start announcing policy plans in the next 90 days. High on his list of priorities is bringing new life to a program known as Section 3, which creates local jobs when agency money is spent on a project.
“It’s been largely ignored because people say we don’t have local people who know how to weld or have plumbing skills,” Carson said in the interview. “That is true. However we do have a brain, which means we have the ability to think ahead. We know well more than a year ahead of time when we’re going to start a major project. Why not go in and train people in that area at that time so they’re ready?”
“We’re moving away from the concept of just housing people to the concept of developing people,” Carson said.
The housing community, a large, unwieldy group that includes labor, civil rights and faith-based activists as well as Wall Street firms and state and local governments, has been meeting in Washington to coordinate a budget message and present a united front to Congress. The groups take Carson’s assurances that nobody will be “thrown out on the streets” with strong skepticism.
“He has a deep well of compassion; that’s very clear when you meet him. The question remains if that translates into understanding the magnitude of what he’s overseeing and the depth of the need,” said Shola Olatoye, chief executive officer of the New York City Housing Authority. “Yes, people should work and yes, health is important, but we haven’t heard about the bricks and mortar.”
Already, some people are being denied housing aid in anticipation of budget cuts. Soon after Trump released his plan, some agencies stopped redistributing rental subsidy vouchers under Section 8, a HUD program with a waiting list of low-income households. Hundreds of thousands of families are on those lists, which have a median wait time of 18 months, according to the National Low Income Housing Coalition.
“The fear is that, if the federal government cuts their funds, they might have to take a voucher away from someone,” said Shamus Roller, executive director of the National Housing Law Project. “There are a lot of people on that waiting list who aren’t going to get vouchers.”
Carson is taking a holistic view and plans to work with other agencies. He’s a strong advocate for education, job training, criminal sentencing reform, and building human capital.
“Everybody is either going to become part of the engine or part of the load,” Carson said at an April 3 meeting of the National Low Income Housing Coalition. “We as a nation can go a lot further and a lot faster if a lot more people are part of the engine.”
The message echoes one that forced House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) to retreat years ago.
“Even Paul Ryan had to move off his `makers-and-takers' frame,” said Chris Estes, president of the National Housing Conference. “You have a lot of people working full time and they don’t make enough money. That’s nondebatable. It doesn’t matter how much faith in God you have, that’s not the fix.”
Brendan Cheney contributed to this report. 



ARTICLE
House Democrats are heading toward the 100th day of Donald Trump’s presidency with the kind of feel-good unity they haven’t experienced since the election.
 Coming off a rowdy recess during which Republicans continued to be skewered by constituents on everything from health care to Russia to Trump’s tax returns, Democrats say walking through the political wilderness isn’t so bad — at least for now.
Story Continued Below
 It’s a stunning reversal from the despair dominating the caucus just a few months ago when Trump entered the White House and Republicans seemed poised to wreak havoc on Democratic priorities.
 “Donald Trump’s administration is a complete and utter disaster. And Paul Ryan’s leadership is so lackluster and weak,” Rep. Ruben Gallego (D-Ariz.), a frequent thorn in his own leadership’s side, said in an interview. “I think we’re seeing a resurgence in the Democratic Party.”
 House Democrats are ready to flex their muscles, providing a list of demands Republicans must meet if they want Democratic votes to keep the government running beyond Friday. And they could be key players on tax reform and infrastructure in the coming months, if Trump ends up needing bipartisan buy-in.
 “It’s a great time to be a Democrat,” said Virginia Rep. Gerry Connolly, warning Republicans that even if they do achieve some of their biggest goals — like dismantling Obamacare — they will pay at the polls.
 “We know we’re going to lose some battles between now and 2018, but every one of those losses costs the other side votes,” he said.
 A surge of energy rippled through the Democratic caucus last month after Republican attempts to repeal Obamacare crashed and burned in dramatic, multiday fashion. 
 The party is also bolstered by its competitive streak in a pair of special elections in long-held GOP districts in Georgia and Kansas, which they hope could signal a Democratic wave in 2018.
 “The president is coming up to his first 100 days with very little to show for it,” said New York Rep. Joe Crowley, chairman of the House Democratic Caucus. “I think Democrats are buoyed by what they see happening.”
 House Democrats emerged from the election shell-shocked — Trump had won the White House, Republicans still controlled the Senate, and House Democrats picked up only a handful of seats, despite boasting about the potential for double-digit wins.
 But after a series of self-inflicted stumbles by the administration and Congress, including the Obamacare repeal implosion and botched travel ban, Democrats say they haven’t faced the doomsday they were forecasting in November.
 The turnaround is remarkable for a caucus that just a few months ago, fearing several more years in the House minority, saw a brief challenge to House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi’s leadership.
Now, some members are even talking openly about the possibility of taking back the House in 2018. They would need to pick up two dozen seats, an uphill battle to say the least. But the chatter speaks to the optimism the caucus is feeling.
 And Gallego, who voted against Pelosi in last year’s leadership race, said the good fortune will lead to high expectations in November 2018.
 “I’m happier than I was a couple months ago,” Gallego said. "[But] if we cannot pick up the 24 seats within the first two years of this presidency, then we need to reevaluate our whole leadership structure. Because we are essentially going to be in a long, prolonged legislative desert.”
 In the immediate future, House Democrats have significant leverage in ongoing talks to keep the government open beyond the April 28 deadline.
 With hard-line conservatives frequently opposed to spending bills, Republican leaders will likely need a number of Democratic votes to avoid a government shutdown. And Pelosi is nothing if not an expert vote counter.
 Democratic leaders say they won’t accept a Republican proposal that funds Trump’s proposed border wall, pours federal dollars into a “deportation force” or blocks federal grants for so-called sanctuary cities, all top priorities for a White House looking for its first big legislative win.
 Democrats also say Republicans must agree to maintain Obamacare subsidies for lower-income people in the spending bill, a program Trump has threatened to derail.
 Some members are also threatening to withhold support for any short-term funding extension, which is likely to be needed, unless the broad outlines of a larger deal are already agreed to by both parties. 
With a spending deal elusive, Democrats also say a Republican push to hold an Obamacare repeal vote soon, possibly in the middle of bipartisan funding talks, isn't helping negotiations.
 “I think, once again, it’s tough to ask for Democratic cooperation on one [issue] when you’re engaged in this wrecking ball mission on the other, especially since the two may very well be linked,” Connolly said.
 At best, in Democrats’ minds, Republicans fall on their face again on health care, dealing another embarrassment to House GOP leadership and Trump. At worst, the bill makes it through the House, after which they think it has a good chance of dying in the Senate.
 “I think it’s foolhardy to try to resurrect that bill,” Crowley said. “The likelihood of that bill passing the Senate is so remote …it’s not even remote. It’s not going to happen.”
 But for every House Republican who votes in favor of repeal, Gallego reasoned, the 2018 campaign ads will have written themselves.
 Voting for an Obamacare repeal “gives us our specific targets,” Gallego said. “If they want to write their own obituaries, we shouldn’t get in the way of that.”



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump leaves large blocks of "private time" on his Oval Office schedule for spontaneous meetings and phone chats with ex-aides, friends, media figures, lawmakers and members of his Cabinet — an old habit he’s carried over from his business days that has frustrated some West Wing aides.
Trump wrote in his 1987 book “The Art of the Deal” that his loose scheduling practices as a real estate magnate at the Trump Organization helped him be “imaginative.” Still, nine White House officials, former aides and personal confidantes interviewed by POLITICO were split on whether the freewheeling set-up, which can allow friends and unofficial advisers to whisper in the president’s ear on policy issues, is productive.
Story Continued Below
White House deputy press secretary Sarah Sanders said Trump’s schedule has fixed linchpins, which include national security briefings, meetings with Chief of Staff Reince Priebus, roundtables with business executives and public bill signings. 
"He has very structured things that take place throughout his schedule, but I think to try to change who he is as a person would be a mistake,” Sanders said. “I think it would be a mistake to cut the president off…I think it allows him to be a better president by engaging and having some flexibility." 
But other aides said Trump’s free time poses a concern. "There may be a block of time, two hours of staff time, who knows what’s going on during that time, anything could happen,” said one White House official.
Tommy Binion, director of policy outreach for The Heritage Foundation, said he was part of a group of about 40 conservative leaders that was meeting with Vice President Mike Pence for a routine listening session in March, when their host started getting notes from staff. Soon, the group was escorted into the Oval Office for a surprise audience with Trump. A White House official confirmed Trump’s appearance was unplanned.
“It was a jaw-dropping experience,” Binion said told POLITICO.
The conservative leaders were not the only ones summoned on short notice to see the president. David Bossie, Trump’s former deputy campaign manager who launched pro-Trump nonprofit “America First Policies,” has been called to the White House on several occasions for Oval Office meetings with just a few hours’ notice, according to two people familiar with the meetings.
Some visitors go through the typical channels to meet with the president, while others reached by POLITICO said they called the cell phone of his longtime bodyguard Keith Schiller. Some old friends still go through his Trump Tower assistant, Rhona Graff, as POLITICO previously reported.
Trump regularly calls ex-aides such as Roger Stone and former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski, and POLITICO reported last week that he talks as often as twice a week to informal adviser Steve Schwarzman, the chief executive of Blackstone Group who helped convince the president to keep the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or Dreamers, program.
The president has a standing block of time on his schedule each work week that he uses as legislative affairs outreach. It's an hour during the week in which he writes notes to or calls legislators, or has one or more of them in the White House to maintain an ongoing relationship with the Hill. 
Trump also uses his downtime to watch television. Earlier this month, he spotted Rep. Dana Rohrabacher defending him on Fox News. Moments after the California lawmaker left the set, Trump was on the phone, inviting him to the Oval Office. Other times he’ll call in his own advisers to discuss something he saw on the news, one White House staffer said. 
"Number one, he's lonely. It's part of why he's reached out to me," said one confidante of the president who Trump has contacted many times by phone since taking office. "He's always been a creature of routine." 
That routine traces back at least to his days in real estate. "I try not to schedule too many meetings," Trump wrote in “The Art of the Deal.” "I leave my door open. You can’t be imaginative or entrepreneurial if you’ve got too much structure. I prefer to work each day and just see what develops. There is no typical week in my life.” 
Staffers said in the White House, former Deputy Chief of Staff Katie Walsh implemented a system of leaving half-hour to three-hour blocks labeled “private time” or “private dinner” on Trump’s schedule. White House Deputy Chief of Staff for Legislative Affairs Rick Dearborn has been overseeing scheduling since Walsh’s departure, according to two White House officials. 
It is not unusual for presidents to have some down time carved into their schedules. President Barack Obama scheduled free time for basketball and golf. Staff members had different level of access to Obama's schedule, so lower-level aides within the West Wing would see blocks called "POTUS time" with details that only senior staff could view, one former Obama White House official said. 
A former George W. Bush aide described a rigid schedule, with back-to-back appointments and little time for impromptu meetings. He kept a separate schedule for private meetings, such as talks with his minister, his doctor, his personal lawyer or family friends. 
Bush’s then-chief ethics lawyer Richard Painter said Bush reserved that time for truly personal activities, not for spontaneous meetings about official business.
"It sounds like a lot of what he's saying is private is still official business of the president,” Painter, who sits on the board of the Watchdog group Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, said of Trump. 
Painter said that could keep the public from seeing who is shaping administration policy. The White House decided last week not to release visitor logs voluntarily, meaning the public won’t see who is entering the White House until five years after Trump leaves office. 
White House spokeswoman Sanders said not everyone who visits Trump needs to be disclosed.
"You choose to run for president and be in the limelight, but if you are passionate about a particular issue and you want to engage the president, you shouldn't have to be in the limelight as well,” Sanders said. "It allows you to have conversations with people that you might not otherwise."
Some of those meetings go public anyway. Americans found out Trump had dinner with former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin and musicians Ted Nugent and Kid Rock Wednesday night because participants posted photos on Facebook. In March, news leaked that Trump had invited TMZ founder Harvey Levin to the Oval Office.
POLITICO has reported that Trump sometimes has dinners with Cabinet members. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has been a repeat guest.
"President Trump has already demonstrated that he is one of the most accessible and open presidents the country has had in recent times," said Newsmax CEO Chris Ruddy, a longtime friend who has met with Trump in the Oval office. "He's going out of his way to invite business leaders, Democrats, union leaders, world leaders, to meet with him either at the oval office or his home in Florida. 
Aides said Trump’s schedule is beginning to become more structured now, regardless of his preferred way of doing business. As offices in the White House fill out, officials request more time with the president. 
But after about 6:30 pm, when the president goes back to his residence, there's a general acceptance that his time is his own. 
"They need to keep him busy or he starts calling CEO types like Steve Schwarzman," said one person who has been invited to visit Trump in the Oval Office.
"They're trying to fill his schedule up because he gets into mischief." 



ARTICLE
Deep-pocketed conservative groups that helped fuel the downfall of the House GOP’s Obamacare alternative are now quietly signaling they won’t oppose the White House’s renewed push to pass the bill. 
Some of the most influential — and usually loudest — groups have privately told conservatives they want to see a deal go through, according to several people familiar with the conversations. 
Story Continued Below
Two large and influential groups backed by the billionaire brothers Charles and David Koch have signaled to Freedom Caucus members that they hope to be able to support the bill and want to see the tide turned after an embarrassment for the Republican Party.
While The Heritage Foundation hasn’t taken a position, its president, Jim DeMint, has told House members he would be more open to compromise this time around — so long as the compromise looks like ideas floated to conservatives over the past few days. The Club for Growth has also stepped in, running ads attacking moderates who might oppose a new White House deal. 
The shift marks a sea change for President Donald Trump and Republican leaders, who had to contend with the same outside groups calling the earlier bill “Obamacare lite” — a label that made it all but impossible for the most conservative House members, many of whom campaigned on Obamacare repeal, to support a deal.
When Speaker Paul Ryan first introduced the earlier bill in March, the Koch groups, Heritage and others cheered on Freedom Caucus members who opposed it, encouraging them to kill the legislation. Within days of the rollout, the groups staged protests. They complained to the White House that Ryan hadn’t brought them in. And, to make it easier for members to publicly break with the president and House leadership, they created a seven-figure fund to support Republicans who voted no. 
Leaders of these groups now say they’re willing to go along with a potential agreement struck by the White House, Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows (R-N.C.) and Tuesday Group co-chairman Tom MacArthur (R-N.J.), so long as the legislative text reflects ideas offered to them by the White House. The changes include waivers for states that wish to opt out of major Obamacare regulations. Those promises appear to be on the brink of winning over some of the most vocal opponents of the previous bill.
"We are encouraged by continuing discussions to repeal Obamacare and replace it with common-sense solutions," said DeMint.
A Freedom Partners official said the group looked forward to seeing the text and working with Congress and the White House but had taken no official position on a new bill. 
Legislative text was still being finalized on Friday afternoon. Meadows has privately told people he expects to reach a deal on which most of the House Freedom Caucus can vote yes.
But winning the support of conservative outside groups and members of the Freedom Caucus might cause new problems this time around. 
Republican moderates are unhappy with many of the proposed changes, fearful that they would undermine protections for people with pre-existing medical conditions. Losing more of those votes could sink the bill, which the White House is pushing the House to send to a floor vote next week — something senior Republicans say isn’t feasible.
The latest effort to woo conservative groups started weeks ago, almost immediately after Ryan pulled the first, unpopular bill from the House floor. Top Trump officials started calling conservative group leaders to 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. to discuss how they got where they were in the days following the bill’s demise. Senior White House officials say Ryan didn't do enough outreach the first time around, so they began aggressively courting outside groups themselves. 
Vice President Mike Pence made dozens of calls and negotiated privately with the influential, well-funded outside groups before leaving on his Asia trip last weekend. Marc Short, the White House's legislative director, who once worked for Freedom Partners, a Koch-backed group, gathered specific suggestions and tested compromise language. 
Ryan has also stepped up his outreach to his party’s right flank. Within a week of the earlier legislation failing, some of the groups were huddling in late-night meetings with Ryan in his Capitol suite, scheduled as late as 9 p.m. to evade public scrutiny, according to people familiar with the meetings. Ryan told the groups he wanted to find a solution they could all support, the people said. 
Freedom Caucus members and leaders of the outside groups have responded by pulling together to discuss what they could accept and what they could let slide. Their aides came up with a plan to try to loosen Obamacare insurance regulations they believe will lower premiums. And they agreed, if they get the changes written into bill text, that they’d all support a final bill.
“We’re all going to support or we’re all going to oppose, most likely ... because we have the same end goals,” said a Freedom Caucus member, when asked about the group's work with conservative groups. “If it’s something that is palatable for them, it’s probably going to be palatable for us.”



ARTICLE
One hundred days, 101 days, whatever. 
President Donald Trump signaled his official distaste for artificial markers of his presidency today. Even as, it seemed, his administration continued to clamor for tangible results to show ahead of a traditional early marker for presidential administrations. 
Story Continued Below
“Next week doesn’t matter,” Trump told reporters of the 100 day mark.
Nevermind the seeming dissonance of the White House’s actions this week. Administration officials pressured Congress for a vote on health care and said they expected to unveil a plan for another top Trump priority, tax reform, within a matter of days. Congress also must return from a two-week recess to fund the government. 
It’s also a big rhetorical shift from Trump, as POLITICO’s Louis Nelson reports. 
“Trump’s dismissive tone toward the 100-day mark is a notable shift from his campaign rhetoric, considering he issued in late October a contract with voters that included a ‘100-day action plan to Make America Great Again.’”
Elsewhere in Trump’s orbit: 
A LE PEN PAL: President Trump expressed support right-wing candidate Marine Le Pen ahead of this weekend’s French elections.
TAKE ‘CARE’: After the White House seemed to put the full court press (again) on a health care vote, President Trump said today there was “no particular rush.”
RAD ADDITION: Ivanka Trump has added a chief of staff, Julie Radford, a former aide to George W. Bush’s Education Secretary Margaret Spellings. 
STATE OF DISARRAY?: A career State Department diplomat who was covered unfavorably by conservative media outlets has been reassigned, ahead of schedule, by the Trump administration. 
DREAM ON: President Trump said in interview with The Associated Press that so-called Dreamers, undocumented immigrants brought to the U.S. as children, should “rest easy” because his administration is focused on criminals. 
ALOHA TO THAT: Attorney General Jeff Sessions sort of walked back his criticism of Hawaii as “an island in the Pacific” but not completely. 
SALLY MAY: The House Intelligence Committee invited former acting Attorney General Sally Yates to testify.  
MEDIA MATTERS: A fascinating, in-depth look at how President Trump has disrupted, torn apart and given fresh currency to conservative media organizations. 
And there you have it. You’re caught up on the Trump administration. Happy Friday!



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump distanced himself Friday from the White House’s push to advance legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare next week.
Trump told reporters there’s “no particular rush” on making progress on health care or tax reform next week, when lawmakers return from a two-week Easter recess facing a deadline to fund the government as the Trump administration nears its 100th day.
Story Continued Below
“It’s gonna be great. It’ll happen,” Trump told reporters Friday, adding that “we’ll see what happens” when asked if he could score wins on health care and tax reform next week.
“No particular rush, but we’ll see what happens,” Trump said. “But health care is coming along well. Government is coming along really well. Lot of good things are happening.”
Trump’s remarks compounded the administration’s mixed messaging Friday. While Trump highlighted next Wednesday as the day his administration will unveil its tax reform plan, a White House official expressed skepticism, telling POLITICO it could happen next week — “or maybe not.”
“No guarantees,” the official added.
The White House this week also began pushing Republican congressional leaders for a floor vote on legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare next week, as the administration races against the clock for a major legislative achievement ahead of the 100-day mark.
But Trump said Friday that a health care vote doesn’t have to come before he hits the 100-day milestone, which he tweeted Friday morning is a “ridiculous standard” that the “media will kill” regardless of how much he accomplishes. He seemed to further tamp down the emphasis of his first 100 days during his brief exchange with reporters Friday afternoon.
“Doesn’t matter if it’s next week,” he said of the health care vote. “Next week doesn’t matter.”
Josh Dawsey contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
The Trump administration has moved a second career government employee out of a top advisory role amid pressure from conservative media outlets that have publicly targeted individual staffers, questioning their loyalty to the new administration.
Some State Department officials believe the individual, Sahar Nowrouzzadeh, was shifted because of the media attacks and are alarmed at the message such a move sends to civil service and foreign service employees, who are supposed to be protected by law from political retaliation.
Story Continued Below
“It puts people on edge,” said a State Department official familiar with Nowrouzzadeh’s situation.
Nowrouzzadeh, a civil service employee who helped shape the controversial Iran nuclear deal, had been detailed since last July to the secretary of state’s policy planning team, where she handled ongoing issues related to Iran and Gulf Arab countries. Her yearlong assignment was cut short earlier this month, after critical stories about her and others appeared in the Conservative Review and on Breitbart News, according to the State Department official, who spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to discuss the matter. Nowrouzzadeh did not want to be reassigned, according to the official.
The State Department said in a statement that Nowrouzzadeh has returned to the Office of Iranian Affairs, but it would not specify her new role or address questions about why she was shifted. The department's statement noted that Nowrouzzadeh “has an outstanding reputation in the department and we expect her to continue to do valuable work in furtherance of U.S. national security. We’ll decline additional comment on the internal [human resources] matters of career employees.”
Nowrouzzadeh declined to comment for this story.
The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
A second person familiar with the situation confirmed that the conservative media attacks on Nowrouzzadeh had rattled people in the upper ranks of the Trump administration.
Nowrouzzadeh is an U.S.-born American citizen of Iranian descent who joined the federal government in 2005, during the George W. Bush administration. Stories published recently on conservative websites have questioned whether she should remain in her position, calling her a loyalist to former President Barack Obama and mentioning her past links to the National Iranian American Council, an advocacy group that has come under criticism from the right.
Nowrouzzadeh is at least the second career staffer to be shifted after conservative media criticism.
Earlier this month, administration officials said Andrew Quinn, who had been appointed to the National Economic Council, was being sent back to the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative. No reason for the reassignment was given, but Quinn’s appointment to the NEC had drawn fire from Breitbart News and other conservative corners that noted the career government employee had helped the Obama administration negotiate the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a trade deal from which President Donald Trump has withdrawn.
Conservative media outlets first wrote about Nowrouzzadeh during the Obama years, when she served on the National Security Council and helped usher through the Iran nuclear deal, which was heavily criticized by many Republicans. Her name, which gives away her Iranian ethnicity, attracted attention from reporters, unusual for a lower-level staffer.
Multiple stories on Breitbart and other conservative sites pointed out that she once worked for the National Iranian American Council, which some critics allege has links to the Iranian government. But Nowrouzzadeh’s defenders note that she was merely an intern at NIAC as a college undergraduate, and that the advocacy group did not take positions on U.S. policy while she was there. NIAC, which is now more politically active, has denied working on behalf of Iran’s government.
Nowrouzzadeh is “very smart, deeply knowledgeable about Iran,” said Philip Gordon, who served as a top Middle East adviser to Obama and who has publicly defended Nowrouzzadeh in the past. “Like many civil service experts and career foreign service officers, she possesses just the sort of expertise political leaders from either party should have by their side when they make critical and difficult foreign policy decisions.”
Since Trump took office, a fresh round of stories in the Conservative Review, Breitbart and other outlets have raised questions about Nowrouzzadeh, as well as several other career government officials who have dealt with sensitive issues such as Iran, Israel and trade. Some stories have questioned why Trump kept the career staff in their roles, singling them out as “Obama holdovers,” even though some joined government years before Obama became president.
In general, U.S. law is supposed to protect career government employees from politically motivated firings and other retaliation not related to work performance. However, the political appointees of incoming administrations have wide latitude in terms of where to assign people or whom to promote, so it’s possible to shuffle people around without breaching their legal protections.
The State Department official familiar with the situation said there’s been no announcement about a replacement for Nowrouzzadeh on the policy planning team, which acts as an in-house think tank for the secretary of state.
When asked about the media attacks against her and others several weeks ago, a State spokesman said the stories in the conservative press contained a slew of misleading information. Some of the conservative media reports about Nowrouzzadeh, for instance, relied on Iranian state-run media, which often publishes “propaganda and falsehoods,” the spokesman said at the time.
Gordon said the conservative media attacks on individual government staffers may be roundabout attempts by some on the right to influence Trump’s policy agenda, especially on some sensitive issues that animate the Republican base.
“If people writing these pieces are not happy with the Trump foreign policy that may be because the president and vice president and Cabinet officers decided not to do things that are not in their interest,” Gordon said. “If Donald Trump hasn’t torn up the Iran nuclear deal, it may be because he realized that would be a bad idea. And it’s not because one of his policy planning staffers has a family of Iranian origin.”



ARTICLE
Top Trump administration officials will brief all 100 senators next week about North Korea's provocative behavior, according to guidance sent to lawmakers Friday.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Secretary of Defense James Mattis, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joe Dunford and Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats will meet with senators at the White House on Wednesday to bring them up to speed on North Korea and U.S. policy toward the isolated nation.
Story Continued Below
The briefing had been originally scheduled to occur at the Senate, but instead senators must go to the White House, according to a notice sent to Capitol Hill.
No congressional staffers will be allowed in the members' briefing.
In addition to discussing North Korea's belligerent behavior, lawmakers are also likely to question the administration on its response.
White House officials had said earlier this month that the United States was quickly sending an aircraft carrier to the region after a North Korean missile test, but later backtracked after the carrier was spotted thousands of miles away from its expected location near North Korea.



ARTICLE
Ivanka Trump is quietly staffing up, and she’s filling out her team in the West Wing with former officials from President George W. Bush’s administration.
In addition to her close adviser Dina Powell, who served as assistant to the president for personnel in the Bush White House, the first daughter — who now serves as a special assistant to the president — has hired a chief of staff who worked under Bush’s education secretary, Margaret Spellings.
Story Continued Below
Julie Radford — who like her boss is a mother of three young children — was chosen to work for the first daughter after being recruited in February by Powell.
A graduate of Southern Methodist University, Radford, 34, first connected with Powell as a consultant to Goldman Sachs’ 10,000 Small Businesses initiative, which was overseen by Powell in her previous job. Based in New Orleans, Radford oversaw Goldman Sachs’ entrepreneur-boosting programs in Florida, Louisiana and Texas.
“She’s one of the most talented women I have ever worked with,” Powell, who is now deputy national security adviser and a senior economic counselor, said in a brief phone interview Friday morning. “I saw firsthand her ability to both creatively develop new and innovate programs and execute them based on measurable results.”
Radford’s role as an official chief of staff to a first daughter is unique. Ivanka Trump is focused on women’s issues, but shealso has been described by her attorney as a looming presence who serves as “her father’s eyes and ears” in the White House. Ivanka Trump also has an assistant, and she continues to work closely with her father’s longtime senior communications adviser, Hope Hicks, who worked for the Trump Organization before joining the campaign. She also retains an outside spokeswoman. A White House official declined to comment on how many more staffers she planned to hire.
“We’re all one team,” Powell said of the group developing around Ivanka Trump in the West Wing. “We all work on these initiatives together.”
Ivanka Trump’s husband, senior adviser Jared Kushner, has also been staffing up. Earlier this month, Kushner recruited Hollywood publicist Josh Raffel to work in his burgeoning, though still vaguely defined, Office of American Innovation.
Radford reached out to Powell in February, expressing her support for Ivanka Trump’s message about women’s empowerment that she touted on the campaign trail to help her father defeat Hillary Clinton.
Radford, who has 8-month-old twins, has yet to move her family to Washington.
Along with Powell and Hicks, she’ll be accompanying Ivanka Trump to Berlin Tuesday, where Trump is scheduled to participate in a W20 women's summit organized by German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
Merkel is one of a number of foreign leaders, including Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, who have reached out directly to Ivanka Trump, seeking to work the family angle as they forge ties with the Trump administration.
“I think Ivanka Trump has a good eye for policy, especially around women’s issues,” said Spellings, who was Radford’s first boss out of college. “Julie is a wonderful person, with a can-do attitude.”



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump on Friday claimed that he won’t get the credit he deserves for the first 100 days of his administration, seeking to manage expectations around what he called the “ridiculous standard” of the upcoming milestone date.
 “No matter how much I accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days, & it has been a lot (including S.C.), media will kill!” Trump tweeted on Friday morning.
Story Continued Below
By Friday afternoon, Trump went further, arguing that next week is irrelevant. 
“Next week doesn’t matter,” he told reporters.
In fact, Congress returns from a two-week Easter recess next week facing a Friday deadline to fund the government or risk a shutdown. Trump said earlier Friday that his administration would unveil its tax reform plan next Wednesday. And there’s also a possibility that GOP leaders could hold a vote on legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare in the hopes of giving the Trump administration a major legislative victory as it marches toward Day 100. 
But Trump on Friday afternoon said there’s “no particular rush” to push health care reform through and that it “doesn’t matter if it’s next week” or comes after his first 100 days.
Trump’s dismissive tone toward the 100-day mark is a notable shift from his campaign rhetoric, considering he issued in late October a contract with voters that included a “100-day action plan to Make America Great Again.” On some points, like green-lighting the controversial Keystone XL pipeline and instituting a temporary hiring freeze on all federal workers, Trump has already followed through.
On others, like his promise to label China a currency manipulator on Day One of his presidency and his pledge to cancel all funding to so-called sanctuary cities, Trump has yet to deliver or has reversed himself. On some points in the contract, including those limiting lobbying by White House officials, it is unclear to what extent directives from the president are effective in fighting the government corruption Trump railed against on during the campaign. 
While Trump has made good on some major campaign promises — including nominating and securing confirmation for Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch and pulling the U.S. out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal — his early presidency has also been marked by some high-profile failures.
Most notably, the first attempt to repeal and replace Obamacare collapsed amid resistance from conservatives who thought it didn’t go far enough and moderates who were anxious about voters losing health care coverage. Newly eager to claim a victory before the 100-day mark on April 29, the White House this week began pressuring Congress to pass a new version of the repeal legislation by the end of next week, even though it is unclear whether such a bill would have more success than the GOP's initial version. 
Trump’s travel ban, the policy version of a proposal that began during the GOP primary as a promise to ban all Muslims from entering the U.S., also has stumbled. The rollout of the initial executive order prompted mass confusion and massive protests at U.S. airports and some green card holders were barred from entering the country. That iteration of the ban was stayed by a federal judge, as was a second version signed by the president that was intended to circumvent the first judge’s stay order.
Despite those shortcomings, Trump and others in the White House have publicly suggested that his administration has been more successful through its opening months than any in history. During a day trip to Kenosha, Wisconsin, this week, Trump declared that “no administration has accomplished more in the first 90 days.”
“That includes on military, on the border, on trade, on regulation, on law enforcement — we love our law enforcement — and on government reform,” he continued, touting success even though his administration cannot yet boast of a major legislative victory.
Short on wins when it comes to domestic policy, Trump has seemingly turned his attention abroad in recent weeks in a series of moves that have been mostly well-received. Without lawmakers to get in his way, the president has flexed his foreign policy muscle in dealings with other world leaders and in strikes against terrorist networks.
The president has received mostly positive marks for his decision to launch a missile strike against the regime of Syrian President Bashar Assad for its use of chemical weapons in a rebel-controlled region of Syria. That move drew a sharp contrast between Trump and his predecessor, former President Barack Obama, who threatened action against Assad should he use chemical weapons but did not follow through when the Syrian dictator did just that.
The missile strikes against Assad also put Trump in direct opposition to the Russian government, positioning that could benefit a president whose campaign has been accused of colluding with the Kremlin to win the White House (Trump has denied such allegations). The president’s warm words for Russian President Vladimir Putin, relatively common during last year’s election, have also come to an almost complete stop.
Faced with the most recent bout of saber-rattling from the North Korean government, Trump has sought to pressure China, North Korea’s principal international benefactor, into corralling the bellicose rhetoric and nuclear ambitions of dictator Kim Jong Un.
To do so, Trump has seemingly backtracked from the get-tough-with-China approach to foreign policy he prescribed on the campaign trail. Seeking cooperation with the Chinese, the president has already backed away from his pledge to declare China a currency manipulator on Day One and has said publicly that he would be willing to offer more favorable terms in his promised renegotiation of trade policy with the Chinese government if they are able to rein in North Korea.
Maintaining some portion of his past hard-line stance, Trump has warned that if China is unwilling or unable to corral North Korea, the U.S. and its allies are prepared to do so on their own. Echoing that sentiment, Vice President Mike Pence said this week that “the era of strategic patience is over” when it comes to U.S. policy toward North Korean provocations.
And just as tensions with the Kim regime seemed to peak last week, The U.S. military dropped one of its largest non-nuclear bombs, dubbed “the mother of all bombs,” on a system of caves and tunnels maintained by the Islamic State in a remote region of Afghanistan. The bomb was delivered apparently without any civilian casualties and the White House was vague as to whether the president personally approved its use.
It was the first time the U.S. had used the weapon and asked what its deployment might convey to North Korea, Trump said, “I don't know if this sends a message. It doesn't make any difference if it does or not. North Korea is a problem. The problem will be taken care of.”
But Trump’s successes abroad have not yet been replicated at home. Republican lawmakers are skeptical that Congress can fulfill Trump’s wishes of both passing an Obamacare replacement bill and a funding bill that would keep the government open beyond a deadline of next Friday at midnight.
Still, when asked during a news conference on Thursday about whether health care or avoiding a government shutdown was a higher priority, Trump refused to choose.
“I wanna get both,” Trump said alongside Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni. “Are you shocked to hear that?”
Trump also tried to minimize the previous failed effort on health care, reminding reporters that Obamacare was an effort that took roughly a year-and-half, and, he noted, he’s only had about two months to negotiate a better health deal.
“This has really been two months, and this is a continuation. And the plan gets better and better and better, and it’s gotten really, really good,” Trump said. “And a lot of people are liking it a lot. We have a good chance of getting it soon. I’d like to say next week, but it will be — I believe we will get it, and whether it’s next week or shortly thereafter.”
“As far as keeping the government open,” he added, “I think we wanna keep the government open. Don’t you agree? So yeah, I think we’ll get both."
Nolan D. McCaskill contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
The Trump White House has its own warring factions of senior advisers jockeying for power, yet that may pale in comparison to the camps gearing up to fight over tax reform, or already doing so.
These groups of industries, lawmakers and other interests know all about protecting their turf. And in this case, many of them want to guard against the elimination of lucrative tax breaks as the White House contemplates the outlines of a tax reform package. 
Story Continued Below
“We’re talking about a high-stakes game here that affects every business in the country and virtually every individual,” said Michael Graetz, the former deputy assistant secretary for tax policy at the Treasury Department who now teaches at the Columbia Law School. “There are billions of dollars at stake.”
The huge number of players in tax reform will complicate any effort to overhaul the tax code. Cut just one break and lawmakers risk the anger of well-funded interest groups or coalitions, which inevitably try to position their tax goodie as the one singlehandedly responsible for boosting the economy or helping the middle class.
That’s why taking on the tax code in a meaningful way hasn’t happened since President Ronald Reagan’s landmark overhaul of 1986. The interest groups are just too deeply entrenched now.
Each group also wants to avoid becoming a target for raising revenue, as lawmakers think through ways to offset deep tax cuts. Or as Washington tax lobbyists often love to joke: If you’re not at the table for the discussions, you’re on the menu.
“The problem with the tax code today is that it creates winners and losers. The objective of tax reform is to level that playing field,” said Alex Brill, a former policy director and chief economist of the House Ways and Means Committee. “If it’s done properly, those who are winners today won’t be winners tomorrow. That’s why these guys are so interested in protecting themselves.”
So as tax reform heats up, here’s a guide to 13 key camps to watch in tax reform — with many more likely to emerge if a package becomes real. 
Anti-border adjustment tax crew (a.k.a. Ryan's nemeses)
Far and away the most noise being made, so far, involves Speaker Paul Ryan and Chairman Kevin Brady’s plan to hit imports with a tax while leaving exports alone. Known as the “border adjustment tax,” this idea has sparked the ire of large retail businesses such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc.; conservative Koch brothers and their industrial conglomerate Koch Industries Inc.; and the National Retail Federation, all of which bounded together to create an opposition group known as “Americans for Affordable Products.” Club for Growth and Heritage Action for America also oppose the the tax, giving the opposition added political heft. 
Collectively, these groups have gone to great lengths, including buying commercial time during "Saturday Night Live" about a month ago, running catchy commercials, and targeting Republican lawmakers in their home districts during the spring congressional recess. Their message? From the gas pump to the shoe store, everyday Americans should expect to pay more if this tax becomes reality.
The exporters, or the 'Made in America' crew
Not everyone hates the idea of a border adjustment tax. Just ask the exporters. They argue the plan would spur a renaissance in U.S. business, thanks to an improved domestic manufacturing environment, and would fit nicely into Trump’s campaign promises on trade.
They’ve formed their own group called the American Made Coalition, which includes members such as General Electric, Caterpillar Inc. and Boeing Co. and are trying to get attention for their cause by arguing that U.S. companies get hit with unfair taxes for their products while foreign-made goods do not. The idea also has backing from Grover Norquist of Americans for Tax Reform, the powerful group behind the no-new-taxes pledge. 
One point in their favor: This tax adds $1 trillion in revenue to any tax package, giving lawmakers money needed to pay for big tax cuts.
Cash-up-front players — real estate, utilities, finance
If it weren’t for the vocal and visible border adjustment debate, the fight to preserve business deductions for borrowing would be generating many more headlines. Some of the money to reduce tax rates would come from getting rid of the so-called interest deductibility in the tax code, an idea that Ryan and Brady’s blueprint proposed. 
Highly leveraged companies in real estate, utilities, telecommunications and finance hate this idea. And Trump is certainly familiar with the desires of the commercial real estate world.
The BUILD Coalition — an acronym for Businesses United for Interest and Loan Deductibility — has leapt to their defense. These groups and players argue they have to put up so much cash to keep their businesses going that they deserve a tax break, and they don’t want to say goodbye to the century-old deduction for interest on their loans in exchange for changing their highly leveraged business models and taking on new partners.
Defenders of state and local tax deductions
The current House tax plan — which the White House may or may not use as a starting point — eliminates the ability of taxpayers to deduct state and local taxes. If the White House becomes enamored of this idea, expect governors, state legislators and their associations to squawk — not to mention wealthier taxpayers and donors on either coast. Cutting this provision would hit taxpayers particularly hard in high-cost areas like California, Illinois, New York and Massachusetts. “A lot of those states have Republicans members of Congress,” says one tax source close to the administration. “Asking them to vote for something like that hurts their state.”
The deficit hawks and Freedom Caucus members
So far, the Trump administration is not exactly brimming with fiscal hawks. Trump himself wants to cut tax rates, without necessarily paying for them in another way, along with proposing a big infrastructure package.
As the tax talks heat up, expect deficit hawks like the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget and several Republican lawmakers from the far-right Freedom Caucus to make noise about this big-picture question of whether a tax package should add to the deficit. The fiscal hawks in the House, elected specifically to cut government spending, will want Trump to pay attention to the deficit as part of any tax overhaul — just as they did with the health care bill.
Charity and philanthropic coalitions
One idea contained in the Trump transition tax plan was capping itemized deductions, which could limit wealthy people’s ability to write off charitable donations. Charities have not been pleased by this idea and, through a groups such as the National Council of Nonprofits or the Charitable Giving Coalition, they’re positioning charitable giving as a way to help out the social safety net and create jobs through non-profit organizations. Don’t let the do-gooder rap fool you; they’re organized and will protect this tax break to the hilt to keep the donations flowing.
Guardians of mortgage-interest deduction
The mortgage-interest deduction is an expensive piece of the tax code that encourages Americans to buy homes — and that’s beloved by the real estate and mortgage groups. Most Americans have bought into the idea of buying a home as part of the American Dream and now rely on that annual tax break. You can expect the industry to capitalize on this sentiment if Republican lawmakers or the administration tries to even limit this tax break in any way.
A coveted goodie for steel, energy, manufacturers
Numerous business advocates and conservative think tanks see huge economic growth potential from letting businesses write off new investments the same year they’re made. Trump endorsed it as well.
Known as full, immediate expensing, this fledgling idea has a dedicated support group known as the CRANE Coalition, Cost Recovery Advances the Nation’s Economy. Its members include the American Petroleum Institute and Comcast and argue that accelerated expensing gives businesses more money to expand by lowering the cost of capital. It’s also a hit with manufacturers, telecommunications and aircraft leasing companies.
The lone caveat? The immediate write-off idea doesn’t come cheap, so the architects of the House Republican tax plan had to find revenue to offset the cost — meaning, this is another tax idea that costs more money (rather than raises it) in a hypothetical plan.
Senior citizen vote
Trump allies recently floated the idea of cutting the payroll taxes as part of a tax-reform package to give a big break to middle-class families. The major problem? This would scrap the way the federal government funds Social Security, raising the hackles of groups like the AARP, Alliance for Retired Americans and Strengthen Social Security Coalition — that is, groups representing older voters who historically tend to go to the polls. They will mobilize, big-league, if this idea gains any traction.
Estate tax haters
Perhaps the top priority for small business groups, such as the National Federal of Independent Business, is permanently repealing the estate tax. They argue it can hurt small business owners once they retire or die and try to pass along the business. The tax break falls on the individual side of the tax code, and while the business interests tend to be more organized than ordinary taxpayers in advocating for breaks, that’s not the case with the well-heeled crowd that benefits from the estate tax. That may be why Trump himself — a family businessman — has promised to scrap it.
Democrats' line in the sand
A group of House Democrats has weighed in on tax credits they believe are essential for working-class Americans. They’ve introduced a series of bills to expand who’s eligible for tax benefits from the Earned Income Tax Credit, for example, as well as what qualifies for tuition help through the American Opportunity Tax Credit and increase the value of the Child Tax Credit.
These would be essential in any tax reform package, according to supporters. Backers include the top Ways and Means Democrat, Rep. Richard Neal of Massachusetts, and others on the panel with him. Democratic leaders are also on board, with Reps. Nancy Pelosi and Steny Hoyer among cosponsors.
Infrastructure spending also ranks high on many Democrats’ wish lists as part of a tax tradeoff.
Lying in wait
More coalitions are expected to quickly emerge once the White House or the House plan’s details become public — perhaps after hearings kick off — or once the White House comes to some agreement about a plan to champion.
In addition to continued noise on border adjustability, Norquist expects groups to crop up around lesser-known issues —-- such as asset sales used to reinvest in similar but more valuable property, known as like-kind exchanges and even taxes on marijuana businesses.
Trump's kitchen Cabinet 
The final group to watch on tax reform is Trump’s own informal group of like-minded CEO advisers, like Blackstone Group CEO Stephen Schwarzman, who have their own thoughts on the estate tax, corporate tax rates, capital gains, or alternative minimum tax — issues that affect both the CEOs and their companies’ bottom lines. Not only is this group powerful financially and politically, they also have the ear of the president himself, who likes to stay in touch his business peers.



ARTICLE
Hillary Clinton hammered the Trump administration's rollback of LBGT protections Thursday night, urging advocates to voice their opposition at the polls during the 2018 midterms elections. 
“We have to face the fact that we may not ever be able to count on this administration to lead on LGBT issues,” the former Democratic nominee said during a speech at a fundraising event for The Center, a community LGBT organization in New York City. 
Story Continued Below
Clinton singled out the Trump administration's February directive revoking Obama-era protections for transgender students, with the Justice and Education Departments telling schools to disregard memos instructing them that preventing students from using bathrooms that aligned with their sexual identity would violate federal law. 
The 2016 Democratic nominee added that if LGBT advocates wanted to see progress from the federal government, they needed to focus their efforts on the next round of congressional elections.
“Let’s remember 2018, the midterm elections," she said, later adding that winning elections was "the only way to to make it clear where our country stands" on LGBT rights.
In the meantime, the former secretary of state said that it was pivotal for Democrats and LGBT advocates to continue to support groups that brought out "the best of America values."
"We need to resist, insist, persist and enlist and make sure our voices and our votes count," she said. "So we’re going to keep fighting together side by side for equal rights. And we’re going to make sure that nobody turns the clock back on what we’ve achieved as Americans. 
Clinton spoke Thursday after accepting The Center’s Trailblazer Award. 



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump expressed confidence Thursday in Congress’ ability to pass legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare as well as a spending bill to avoid a government shutdown next week.
He also predicted that health care legislation would pass "next week or shortly thereafter.” 
Story Continued Below
Lawmakers will face a Friday deadline when they return to work Tuesday after a two-week Easter recess. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has been adamant that Republicans will be able to work with Democrats to avoid a shutdown, but the White House has added Obamacare repeal to what was already expected to be a busy week.
Asked Thursday during a joint news conference alongside Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni which goal is the higher priority, Trump suggested both could be accomplished next week.
“I wanna get both,” Trump told reporters. “Are you shocked to hear that?”
Last month, Republican leaders pulled a scheduled floor vote for legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare. The bill, the American Health Care Act, failed to draw enough support from moderate and far-right Republicans to advance through the House. No Democrats supported it.
Despite telling reporters that the administration would move on to tax reform after the embarrassing defeat of the health care bill, Trump has indicated that health care is still the top priority. And the White House is now pushing for a floor vote next week, with the expectation that the legislative text will be released by this weekend.
“We’re doing very well on health care. We’ll see what happens,” Trump said. “But this is a great bill, there's a great plan and this will be great health care. It’s evolving.” 
The president also took issue with the characterization that Republicans gave up on health care after the collapse of the bill. “You know, there was never a give-up,” he argued. “The press sort of reported there was like a give-up. There’s no give-up.”
He reminded reporters that Obamacare was roughly a year-and-half-long effort, while he said he’s had only about two months to negotiate a better deal.
“This has really been two months, and this is a continuation. And the plan gets better and better and better, and it’s gotten really, really good,” Trump said. “And a lot of people are liking it a lot. We have a good chance of getting it soon. I’d like to say next week, but it will be — I believe we will get it, and whether it’s next week or shortly thereafter.” 
 “As far as keeping the government open,” he added, “I think we wanna keep the government open. Don’t you agree? So yeah, I think we’ll get both.” 



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump slammed Iran Thursday, accusing the country of “not living up to the spirit” of the nuclear deal that his administration said this week Tehran was following. 
“As far as Iran is concerned, I think they are doing a tremendous disservice to the agreement that was signed,” Trump said during a joint press conference with Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni.
Story Continued Below
Trump, who vowed during his presidential campaign that he would tear up the Iran nuclear deal, said again Thursday that it was “a terrible agreement” and that it “shouldn’t have been negotiated the way it was negotiated." 
“They’re not living up to the spirit of the agreement, I can tell you that,” Trump said. “We’re analyzing it very, very carefully, and we’ll have something to say about it in the not-too-distant future.” 
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson also bashed Iran Wednesday, even after the United States said Iran was in compliance with the deal, which President Barack Obama signed in 2015 to curb Iran’s nuclear weapons programs. Members of the Trump administration have said they would review the deal. There has been no indication the White House plans to scrap the deal entirely. 
Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif criticized the United States Thursday over what he called the “worn-out…accusations" from Tillerson. 



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump said Thursday that he does not see the U.S. playing a role in the ongoing conflict in Libya, though he expects to fight the Islamic State terrorist group’s presence in the country.
“I do not see a role in Libya,” Trump said, taking questions from reporters in the White House at a joint news conference with Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni. “I think the United States has right now enough roles. We’re in a role everywhere.”
Story Continued Below
“I do see a role in getting rid of ISIS,” he said, adding, “We are effectively ridding the world of ISIS. I see that as a primary role, and that’s what we are going to do whether it’s in Iraq or in Libya or anywhere else.”



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump called North Korea and its leader a “menace” on Thursday.
“As far as North Korea is concerned, we are in very good shape,” Trump told reporters during a joint news conference alongside Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni. “We’re building our military rapidly. A lot of things have happened over the last short period of time. I’ve been here for approximately 91 days. We’re doing a lot of work. We’re in a very good position.” 
Story Continued Below
But the president wouldn’t say whether he feels North Korean leader Kim Jong Un is mentally unstable and, therefore, unable to be reasoned with.
“I can’t answer your question on stability,” he said in response to the question. “I hope the answer is a positive one, not a negative one, but hopefully that will be something that gets taken care of.”
Trump, who met with Chinese President Xi Jinping earlier this month at Mar-a-Lago, touted his relationship with the Chinese leader, whom he hopes will rein in North Korea.
“I actually told him, I said, ‘You'll make a much better deal on trade if you get rid of this menace or do something about the menace of North Korea.’ Because that’s what it is,” Trump said, referring to a past conversation with Xi about North Korea.
“It’s a menace right now,” he continued. “So we’ll see what happens.”
Trump’s rhetoric echoes a tweet the president blasted earlier this month. “Had a very good call last night with the President of China concerning the menace of North Korea,” he wrote on April 12.



ARTICLE
Responding to a shooting in Paris, President Donald Trump on Thursday said the violence “looks like another terrorist attack” and said such violence “never ends.”
“Our condolences, from our country, to the people of France,” Trump told reporters at a joint White House press conference with Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni. “That's a very, very terrible thing that's going on in the world today. But, it looks like another terrorist attack, and what can you say? It just never ends.”
Story Continued Below
“We have to be strong and we have to be vigilant, and I’ve been saying it for a long time,” he added.
The shooting in Paris has left one police officer dead and another injured, Reuters reported. 



ARTICLE
When Ivanka Trump signed a deal to publish her second self-help book in November of 2015, her father was still a longshot presidential candidate, one bombastic presence in a field of 17 Republican hopefuls.
At the time, the book, titled "Women Who Work: Rewriting the Rules of Success," was intended to be a natural extension of Ivanka Trump’s eponymous fashion and lifestyle brand. The entrepreneur was expecting to spend the spring of 2017 promoting it from her perch as an executive at the Trump Organization and CEO of her fashion brand.
Story Continued Below
Plans have changed.
Ivanka Trump, who now serves as an official government adviser to her father, complete with a security clearance and an office in the West Wing, announced Thursday she won’t do any publicity for her book – no tour, no book signings, and none of the television interviews that help boost a book to the bestseller lists.
“In light of government ethics rules, I want to be clear that this book is a personal project,” she wrote Thursday in a post on her Facebook page. “I wrote it at a different time in my life, from the perspective of an executive and an entrepreneur, and the manuscript was completed before the election last November.”
She said her decision to opt out of promotion was made “out of an abundance of caution and to avoid the appearance of using my official role to promote the book.”
The First Daughter is currently locked in a possible conflict of interest issue over three new trademarks for her brand that were approved by the Chinese government while Ivanka Trump was dining with her father and Chinese President Xi Jinping at Mar-a-Lago. Her attorney said that she no longer has any involvement with trademark applications submitted by her business.
It’s not the first hiccup for her publisher. The book, which is being published by the Penguin Publishing Group’s business imprint, Portfolio, was originally due out in March. But Ivanka Trump pushed her publication date to May, citing “momentous changes in her life.” She has said she did not change any of the advice in the book -- she simply rewrote a new introduction after President Donald Trump’s election.
On Thursday, ahead of her first diplomatic visit abroad to attend a W20 conference in Berlin where she is scheduled to speak on a panel with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, Ivanka Trump also announced she had established the Ivanka M. Trump Charitable Fund. The fund is intended to give away money earned from the advance and royalties associated with her book to charities that support the economic empowerment of women and girls.
In the Facebook post, she said she plans to donate $100,000 of her advance to the National Urban League, and $100,000 to the Boys & Girls Club of America. 
The president of the National Urban League, Marc Morial, has been a guest at a dinner party Ivanka Trump hosted at her friend Wendi Murdoch’s New York City apartment. And in February, the first daughter visited the Greater Baltimore Urban League chapter.
The National Urban League donation, Ivanka Trump said, will help launch a new "women's initiative" as part of its entrepreneurship program.
She has not yet announced where the rest of the money, which is being doled out via the donor-advised fund, will go.
Ivanka Trump first announced she was writing a book in June of 2016, with a video she posted on social media, describing it as a “labor of love” and likening it to “baby No. 4.” In 2009, she published her first book, "The Trump Card," in which she described what it was like to grow up in her father’s gilded world.
“It is my sincere hope that 'Women Who Work' serves as a powerful resource and that the book proceeds further benefit women and girls through the great work of the National Urban League and Boys & Girls Clubs of America,” she said in her Facebook statement. 
She described the book as an attempt to give readers “the best advice, tips and skills I've learned over the years from many incredible people, on subjects including identifying opportunities, leading teams, starting companies, managing work and family, and building cultures where multidimensional women can thrive.”



ARTICLE
A Commerce Department investigation into steel imports and their impact on national security “has nothing to do with China,” President Donald Trump said Thursday at an Oval Office ceremony authorizing the inquiry. 
Trump railed throughout his campaign against the trade practices of China, the nation most often and most prominently blamed for dumping that has damaged the U.S. steel industry. (Dumping generally refers to the practice of exporting a commodity to another country below that country's market rate.) 
Story Continued Below
But other nations, including Japan, Germany, Canada, Mexico and Brazil are also major suppliers of steel to the U.S., and Trump said on Thursday that “the dumping problem is a worldwide problem.”
The president’s refusal to single out China also comes as he has sought to lean on its president, Xi Jinping, to apply increased pressure on North Korea to rein in its bellicose rhetoric and nuclear program. After promising during the campaign to renegotiate the economic relationship between the two nations, Trump has said publicly that he told Xi that the U.S. would be willing to offer more favorable terms in trade negotiations if China is able to pressure North Korea.
Trump said Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross would have the report completed for Trump “in the very, very near future.” At a briefing for reporters, Ross said his department’s report could possibly recommend imposing a tariff on all steel imports, regardless of which nation they come from. 
At Thursday’s ceremony, Trump expressed pride in having pulled the U.S. out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal, which he said would have been “another NAFTA disaster.” He said his campaign promises to protect American workers are “one of the primary reasons I’m sitting here today as president.”
“Maintaining the production of American steel is extremely important to our national security and our defense industrial base,” Trump said. “Steel is critical to both our economy and our military. This is not an area where we can afford to become dependent on foreign countries.” 



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump asked Sarah Palin to join him for dinner at the White House on Wednesday night “just to touch base,” and said she could invite a couple of friends — and so she brought musicians Kid Rock and Ted Nugent. 
“Jesus was booked,” Palin, the former Alaska governor whose conservative populist appeal is sometimes compared to Trump’s, told CNN’s Jake Tapper on Thursday. “So, yes, I invited my buddies Kid Rock and Ted Nugent, some bold, courageous, all-American dudes who I knew would have good conversation with the president and get to express a lot of good, middle-class, work ethic-type issues and policy proposals that they could all relate to, and that’s exactly what happened at the dinner.” 
Story Continued Below
Palin, the former Alaska governor whose conservative populist appeal is sometimes compared to Trump’s, posted a series of photos on her Facebook page on Thursday, thanking Trump for the invitation and describing the visit as “a great night at the White House.” 
In one of the photos, Palin, Kid Rock and Nugent are gathered around Trump’s desk in the Oval Office; others show Palin talking to Trump and Jared Kushner, the president’s son-in-law and senior adviser. 
And on Wednesday evening, she posted one of the three guests making faces in front of Hillary Clinton’s White House portrait from her time as first lady.“Yeah, yeah,” Palin said Thursday on CNN. “I think the picture says it all.”
Palin put together a controversial guest list, considering that Nugent once called for the Oval Office’s last occupant to be hanged. 
Inviting supporters and celebrities to dinner at the White House is far from unusual; former President Barack Obama famously hosted glamorous private parties there attended by the likes of Beyoncé, Meryl Streep and Stevie Wonder.
But Nugent has a history of stoking controversy with inflammatory remarks often condemned as racist, sexist or just generally out of line. 
Notably, he has made comments interpreted as threatening Obama. In addition to describing the first black U.S. president at one point as a “gangster” and a “subhuman mongrel,” he said in 2012: “If Barack Obama becomes the president in November, again, I will be either be dead or in jail by this time next year.”
As for Clinton, Nugent has called her a “worthless b----.”
“Obama, he's a piece of s---,” Nugent said at a concert in 2007. “I told him to suck on my machine gun. Hey Hillary, you might want to ride one of these into the sunset, you worthless b----.”
Last year, Nugent also called for both Obama and Clinton to be “tried for treason and hung” because of their handling of the terrorist attack in Benghazi, Libya.
Nugent, who like Palin supported Trump’s campaign for president, made headlines last year when he grabbed at his crotch at a rally in Michigan.
The White House did not respond to a request for comment.
Matthew Nussbaum contributed to this report. 



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump “always finds a way to get it done,” House Speaker Paul Ryan wrote in Time magazine’s annual 100 most influential people issue, heaping praise on a man he once swore off during last year’s presidential campaign.
“When so many, including me at times, didn't see how he could pull it off, Donald Trump won a historic victory,” Ryan wrote in his brief but laudatory offering on the president. “And in becoming the 45th President of the United States, he completely rewrote the rules of politics and reset the course of this country.”
Story Continued Below
Ryan and Trump have been mostly in lock-step since the president’s surprise victory last November, but the pair were hot-and-cold during the campaign. The speaker was famously hesitant to embrace Trump even as it became clear that he would be the GOP nominee. And even after Ryan fell in line behind Trump, the speaker kept his party’s candidate at arm’s length and did not appear with him until after the election.
Their campaign relationship culminated weeks before Election Day, when audio surfaced of Trump describing in vulgar terms how his celebrity status allowed him to sexually assault women without consequence. Trump said the recording was just “locker room talk” that did not reflect his true values, but it was enough for Ryan to cancel a planned appearance with Trump and announce to House Republicans that he would no longer defend the GOP nominee.
And while the two have spoken warmly of one another and have publicly worked together since Trump took office, the effectiveness of their partnership remains to be seen. Their first major legislative goal, passing legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare, failed in the House of Representatives because Ryan and Trump were unable to get enough members of their own party on board. 
But writing for Time, Ryan suggested that Trump will ultimately make good on his policy goals, which also include major tax reform legislation, a military buildup, a dramatic shift in trade policy and a tougher stance on immigration that includes a southern border wall funded by Mexico. Trump, Ryan said, is “a driven, hands-on leader, with the potential to become a truly transformational American figure.”
“A businessman always willing to challenge convention, he has shaken up Washington and laid out an agenda of generational proportions,” Ryan wrote. “I have little doubt that he will, once again, find a way to defy the odds and get it done.”



ARTICLE
Arizona Sen. John McCain tipped his hat to FBI Director James Comey in a glowing tribute for Time’s 100 Most Influential People list, labeling the bureau director as principled, independent and honorable.
“Integrity is a word that doesn’t get used a lot in Washington anymore,” McCain wrote for the feature, which was published Thursday. “But that is the quality that has defined James Comey’s service to our nation.” 
Story Continued Below
Comey, who made the controversial decision to announce that the FBI would continue looking into Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server 11 days before the election, and this year made waves with his testimony confirming that the FBI was probing the Trump campaign’s ties to Russia, has been sharply criticized by those from both the left and right.
Many on the left have said that Comey’s October announcement into the reopening of the Clinton email investigation turned the public against Clinton and gave now-President Donald Trump a last-minute boost to win the White House. But when the FBI director testified about the bureau’s investigation into the Trump campaign, he was in turn slammed by Trump supporters for what they said was a politically motivated smear. 
McCain, who has been vocal about his concern over Russia’s influence in the election, has been an ardent supporter of Comey's actions, particularly surrounding the Trump-Russia probe. In the Time column, McCain wrote that the FBI director “followed the law, spoke the truth and did what he believed was right” no matter the circumstances. 
“Shifting political winds have blown criticism James Comey’s way from different partisan directions,” the Republican senator wrote. “But his independence has never faltered. His integrity has never wavered. And I know that in the pursuit of justice, it never will.” 



ARTICLE
President-elect Donald Trump was very clear: “I will appoint a team to give me a plan within 90 days of taking office,” he said in January, after getting a U.S. intelligence assessment of Russian interference in last year’s elections and promising to address cybersecurity.
Thursday, Trump hits his 90-day mark. There is no team, there is no plan, and there is no clear answer from the White House on who would even be working on what. 
Story Continued Below
It’s the latest deadline Trump’s set and missed — from the press conference he said his wife would hold last fall to answer questions about her original immigration process to the plan to defeat ISIS that he’d said would come within his first 30 days in office.
Since his inauguration, Trump’s issued a few tweets and promises to get to the bottom of Russian hacking — and accusations of surveillance of Americans, himself included, by the Obama administration.
Meanwhile, more contacts between Trump aides and Russian officials have surfaced — including some omitted from sworn testimony and official forms — and the committee chairman overseeing the inquiry being run by the House got so entangled with the Trump administration that he had to step aside.
Trump did start early with an event on cybersecurity, convening a meeting on Jan. 31 in the Roosevelt Room featuring Rudy Giuliani, who’s leading a group tasked with building private sector partnerships on cybersecurity. “We must protect federal networks and data. We operate these networks on behalf of the American people and they are very important,” Trump said in his remarks then, not addressing a coinciding executive order that was announced to be signed that day but that was abruptly pulled without explanation. 
That appears to have led to some confusion about responsibility for the anti-hacking plan in the White House. The National Security Council would normally be involved in creating such a report. But on Wednesday, a NSC spokesperson told POLITICO that he was unaware if the NSC was in charge of compiling it, or if that responsibility fell to Giuliani — or if the report exists.
Giuliani is continuing his work talking to the private sector, but a spokesperson for the former New York City mayor confirmed that he is not involved in any 90-day report. 
The White House spokesperson wouldn’t directly address why the deadline was missed.
“The president has appointed a diverse set of executives with both government and private sector expertise who are currently are working to deliver an initial cybersecurity plan through a joint effort between the National Security Council and the Office of American Innovation,” said Trump deputy press secretary Lindsay Walters, referring to the office run by Trump’s son-in-law and top aide Jared Kushner. 
Trump made the deadline promise repeatedly. A week after the initial statement, he tweeted on Jan. 13, “My people will have a full report on hacking within 90 days!”
Given the issues at play, cyber security experts worry that missing this particular set deadline could have significant consequences and speaks to deeper concerns about the White House not grappling with clear threats. 
“It would set an unfortunate precedent to miss the president’s first important cyber-related deadline,” said Michael Sulmeyer, director of the Harvard Belfer Center’s Cyber Security Project and former director of Cyber Policy Plans and Operations at the Defense Department.
“Ever the critic on the campaign trail, Trump and his cyber team now have the responsibility to keep the country safe from cyberattacks,” Sulmeyer said. “Given so much attention on North Korea this past week, and that North Korea conducted one of the most serious cyberattacks against the United States, we should expect the new administration to be on the case.”
This isn’t the first time Trump has promised more information about intelligence that never materialized. Speaking to reporters pressuring him for answers on New Year’s Eve, the then-president-elect said he knew “things that other people don’t know” that he’d reveal “on Tuesday or Wednesday.”
He didn’t. 
Trump said Tuesday a tax reform plan would plan would be ready “very soon,” but Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin has said a previously-stated goal of an August roll-out was unrealistic. 
And then there are Trump’s tax returns, which he repeatedly said he would release after the completion of an audit. The White House acknowledged recently that Trump might never release his tax returns as promised.
Officials on the Hill say they haven’t seen any sign of the promised cybersecurity report, either.
A spokesman for Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr (R-N.C.) said “I don’t have anything on the record at this time.” A spokesperson for ranking member Mark Warner (D-Va.) declined comment.
“We have little visibility into what they might be working on,” said a Democratic staffer for a committee with jurisdiction, when asked about any familiarity with the report.
Missing the announced deadline demonstrates “a lackadaisical approach to what intelligence officials have routinely said is our biggest national security threat,” said Ned Price, who was a spokesman for the National Security Council in the Obama White House and worked for the CIA during George W. Bush’s presidency. “It speaks to the level of priority that this administration apparently has attached to cybersecurity, which apparently isn’t much — that is in stark contrast to the way the Obama administration addressed this issue over eight years, and especially during the last stretch.”
While the 90-day plan languishes, that vanished executive order on cybersecurity has been making progress. The National Security Council’s cyber directorate is finalizing a multipronged executive order, which experts see as the administration’s chance to declare its cyber agenda. The latest leaked draft, from early February, directs agency heads to use the National Institute of Standards and Technology’s cyber risk management framework to manage their technology assets.
The framework lays out best practices for assessing which computer systems are most important and most vulnerable, and it recommends ways to better protect them. The draft executive order directs the Office of Management and Budget to provide risk assessments of every agency, although sources said that provision could be changed, as it overlaps with existing requirements under the Federal Information Security Management Act. 
The leaked draft also includes a provision focusing on the security of critical infrastructure sectors like the energy grid, in addition to sections on the Pentagon’s cyber capabilities and the need for a national cyber-deterrence strategy.
“There was certainly a desire, particularly during the campaign, to do a top-to-bottom review of where things stand. My sense is that will probably be how the executive order is sold, regardless of whether that is exactly how it was conceived or not,” said R. David Edelman, former cyber official at the NSC and the National Economic Council during the Obama administration.
Price said that from his experience, if there isn’t significant work underway toward producing a report and plan, the White House could be at least another 90 days away from finishing one. 
“This is not a simple issue,” Price said. “If the clock really is at zero, we shouldn’t expect a well-produced report any time soon.”



ARTICLE
During his campaign, Donald Trump promised to pay the legal bills of supporters who beat up protesters at his rallies, but a POLITICO analysis found that Trump’s campaign hasn’t always paid its own legal bills in a timely or transparent fashion.
The analysis of court and campaign filings found that Trump’s campaign committee is still spending heavily to defend against ongoing civil lawsuits alleging assault, incitement, threats and other illegal behavior by the president, his supporters and staff. But in at least four ongoing cases, Trump’s campaign had yet to make a publicly disclosed payment to the law firms representing it, paid months late or paid in tiny amounts that don’t appear commensurate with the amount of work performed by the firms. 
Story Continued Below
In some cases, lawyers from the Trump Organization assisted outside law firms paid by the campaign in defending cases that named both Trump’s campaign and his company, blurring the line between Trump’s political and business operations. And there were at least two cases in which Trump’s campaign appears to have settled lawsuits quietly by making lump-sum payments to firms involved in the cases, which it listed in its Federal Election Commission reports as “legal consulting.”
In all, FEC filings show that Trump’s campaign has paid out nearly $4 million in “legal consulting” and “legal fees,” including $556,000 since Election Day. That total is more than twice as much as former President Barack Obama’s 2008 campaign spent on legal fees through this point in his first term. 
The trail of legal bills dogging Trump’s campaign more than five months after his election — and his team’s opaque handling of them — reflect Trump’s inability to leave behind the chaos and confrontation that marked his presidential run and his decades as a private real estate developer.
In one lawsuit — in which depositions are planned in Washington, D.C., in the coming weeks of several people “who currently hold high-level positions in the Trump administration,” according to court filings and interviews — a former Trump campaign staffer accuses the campaign brass of failing to act after he and others reported that Trump’s then-North Carolina state director had pointed a loaded .45-caliber pistol at them on different occasions.
The White House referred questions about that case and legal fees in other cases to a Trump campaign official, who did not respond to messages.
Lawyers at Jones Day, the Trump campaign’s law firm, also declined to comment. It has been the recipient of the overwhelming majority of the legal fees paid by the campaign — $3.3 million through the end of last month — and has worked with other firms on several cases against the campaign.
Listing settlement payments as “legal consulting” — as the Trump campaign appears to have done in cases alleging illegal mass texting and copyright infringement, respectively — keeps the public in the dark, argued Brett Kappel, an election law attorney at Akerman who has represented Republicans and Democrats.
“Basically, the Trump campaign was run just like the Trump Organization — lawsuits are met with bluster and invective and then ultimately settled quietly with everyone involved required to sign nondisclosure agreements so that the public would not know that Trump, in fact, does settle many of the lawsuits against him and his family members,” Kappel said.
In one case, a British photographer sued Trump and his campaign — as well as his son Donald Trump Jr. and Vice President Mike Pence — for allegedly misappropriating a photo of a bowl of Skittles featured in a tweet by Don Jr. arguing it was dangerous for the U.S. to accept refugees from Syria.
The photographer dropped the case in December, about a week after a $10,000 payment was made to the firm of the photographer’s lawyer, Heather Blaise. Told that the payment was listed in the Trump campaign’s FEC report as “legal consulting,” Blaise laughed and said “that’s interesting. I have never been retained as counsel or a consultant to the campaign.” She wouldn’t comment on the specifics of the case.
Trump and his campaign make appealing targets for potential plaintiffs motivated by either politics or money, suggested the lawyers defending Trump’s campaign and its former North Carolina state director Earl Phillip against claims by a campaign staffer that Phillip pulled a gun on him.
“Anyone looking at this particular case would have to be naive to think that there’s not a little bit of both [political and financial motivations] driving it, particularly when you get into the merits of the evidence or lack thereof, and the timing of the claim,” said Phillip’s lawyer, William Harding.
Harding pointed out that the alleged gun incident occurred in February, during the crowded GOP primary, but the staffer in question, Vincent Bordini, did not file the complaint until August, by which time Trump had clinched the party’s nomination. 
A GOP operative familiar with the case said Bordini proposed to settle the case for about $300,000, but that offer was rejected by the lawyers for Phillip and Trump’s campaign.
Bordini declined to discuss the case, citing a confidentiality agreement between the parties executed this month, though he did say: “No former employee gets this far [in court] making stuff up. This is not some kind of 'I’m-offended' kind of thing. A staffer pulled a gun on me.”
In his lawsuit, Bordini claims that, in the days after the alleged gun incident, he flagged it to top campaign officials including then-campaign manager Corey Lewandowski and then-national field director Stuart Jolly. They failed to act, despite prior complaints from others of a similar nature, alleges Bordini’s suit, which argues that the campaign is responsible for the alleged assault and subsequent mental anguish. Bordini quit the campaign days later, convinced that Jolly “would try to cover up what had happened,” according to his suit. 
Jolly and Lewandowski did not respond to requests for comment, though a GOP operative familiar with the case said both men have been approached in recent weeks by attorneys collecting information and planning depositions for the case.
Phillip, who declined to comment to POLITICO, had recently been removed as state director when the suit was filed, and he resigned from a different campaign post almost immediately after the suit. Yet in a legal filing responding to the lawsuit, Phillip completely rejected Bordini’s version of events and claimed he didn’t even have a gun with him at the time of the alleged incident.
Nonetheless, the GOP operative familiar with the case told POLITICO that Bordini’s complaint was quickly passed along to the campaign’s general counsel, Don McGahn, who was then a partner for Jones Day. McGahn, who has since become Trump’s White House counsel, did not respond on Wednesday to questions about the case or whether he has been asked to provide testimony.
The Trump campaign argued in its initial response to Bordini’s suit that it isn’t liable for Phillip “because, if true, the alleged actions were not committed within the course and scope of Phillip's employment with the Trump Campaign.”
That filing was drafted and filed by a Charlotte, North Carolina-based employment law firm called Van Hoy, Reutlinger, Adams & Dunn, which has been representing Trump’s campaign for seven months in the case as it’s wound its way through the North Carolina state court system. Yet the Trump campaign did not disclose its first payments to the firm until Friday night. In a campaign finance filing covering the first three months of this year, the Trump campaign revealed that it had paid nearly $51,000 on Feb. 15 to Van Hoy, Reutlinger, Adams & Dunn.
Philip Van Hoy, the partner leading the case, said his firm had invoiced the campaign repeatedly with no response. “After several months, I sent a reminder to the folks I was working with,” he said, and they responded by paying the firm significantly more than it was owed for the billable hours it had completed at the time. “They made an arithmetic error,” Van Hoy said, though he added that the amount of additional work since the payment caught up to the payment, and that the campaign is now current.
That’s just one of several examples of puzzling legal payments by the Trump campaign.
Trump’s campaign through the end of last month had yet to report making any payments to the Birmingham, Alabama, firm Maynard, Cooper & Gale, which has been defending the campaign against a lawsuit filed partly by an African-American man who alleges he was punched, kicked and called racial slurs by Trump supporters at a November 2015 Trump rally in Birmingham, while Trump yelled “get him the hell out of here!” 
Lawyers from the firm have filed multiple briefs seeking to dismiss the case, including one late last month arguing that “it would be entirely unreasonable to impose a duty on the Trump Campaign to actively police the behavior of every individual who attends a campaign rally.” But they did not respond to questions about whether they were being paid and, if so, by whom.
And through the end of last month, the Trump campaign had paid only $734.58 to a Louisville, Kentucky, firm called Landrum and Shouse that has been defending Trump and his campaign against a suit brought by a trio of protesters who allege that they were roughed up at — and ejected from — a March 2016 rally in Louisville by Trump supporters who were incited by the then-candidate’s calls of “get ’em out of here!”
The lead Landrum lawyer on the case, R. Kent Westberry, tried and failed to get the suit dismissed on several grounds, including that Trump’s calls to remove the protesters were directed at his security and were constitutionally protected free speech. Westberry didn’t respond to an inquiry from POLITICO about whether his firm was being paid by Trump personally or any other entity for its work on the case.
Lawyers from the Trump Organization have been handling the bulk of the filings and depositions in a New York state court case brought by protesters who allege they were roughed up by Trump’s security, and barred from protesting on a public sidewalk outside Trump Tower in September 2015.
The protesters are suing the president, his campaign, his company and the security guards, some of whom worked for both Trump’s campaign and his company — which could allow the company lawyers to pick up the work without it being reported as an in-kind contribution to Trump’s campaign from his corporation.
Two New York law firms also have been working on Trump’s behalf on the case — LaRocca Hornik Rosen Greenberg & Blaha and Belkin Burden Wenig & Goldman. The firms have been paid more than $109,000 combined by the campaign, though it’s unclear whether the payments are exclusively for their work on the case.
In an early filing in the case, a lawyer for LaRocca Hornik Rosen Greenberg & Blaha argued that Keith Schiller, an athletic, 6-foot-4-inch, 210-pound former New York City cop who was serving as Trump’s director of security at the time of the protest, was injured by a much smaller protester who was trying to retrieve a sign Schiller had confiscated.
Schiller, who went on to travel the country by Trump’s side on the campaign trail and now is director of Oval Office operations, “was caused to suffer and experience physical pain, injuries and discomfort, as well as emotional distress,” the LaRocca lawyer wrote.



ARTICLE
As Donald Trump nears the 100-day mark in the White House, voters are grading his performance on a partisan curve.
Republicans are inclined to give him good grades on his performance in office so far — mostly A’s and B’s. Democrats are tougher in their assessments — mostly D’s and F’s, according to a new POLITICO/Morning Consult poll.
Story Continued Below
Trump earns his highest marks on fighting terrorism, the poll shows. But when Trump reaches his 100th day in office next week — a historical marker for each new administration — his failure to shepherd a promised health care bill through Congress will be noted by voters. On health care, climate change and Trump’s promises to “drain the swamp” of special interests in Washington, voters are far more critical of the new president’s performance thus far.
Earlier this week, Trump described his administration’s achievements in glowing terms at an event in Wisconsin.
“No administration has accomplished more in the first 90 days — that includes on military, on the border, on trade, on regulation, on law enforcement — we love our law enforcement — and on government reform,” he said.
Voter perceptions of Trump’s tenure don’t necessarily reflect that rosy assessment. Asked to grade Trump’s first three months as president overall, 16 percent give Trump an “A,” and another 23 percent award Trump a “B.”
But roughly as many voters give Trump poor marks. Trump gets a “D” from 13 percent of voters, and nearly a quarter, 24 percent, give him an “F.”
One reason is that partisanship continues to dominate and color opinions of Trump’s nascent presidency. Nearly half of self-identified Democratic voters, 48 percent, give Trump an “F” grade, and an additional 19 percent award him a “D.”
Republicans and Trump voters view Trump’s presidency more positively, but he isn’t earning straight “A”s from his base.
“There’s a persistent media narrative that President Trump can do no wrong among his base of supporters,” said Kyle Dropp, Morning Consult’s chief research officer and co-founder. “But this polling suggests that, at the very least, many of his voters see room for improvement. Forty-two percent of Trump voters grade his first 100 days a ‘B,’ and another 23 percent give him a ‘C’ or worse.”
The POLITICO/Morning Consult poll was conducted April 13-15, surveying 1,992 registered voters. The margin of error is plus or minus 2 percentage points.
When voters are asked to grade Trump’s early performance in 10 different policy areas, Trump scores highest on fighting terrorism. A combined 49 percent of voters give Trump an “A” or “B” grade on the issue — but on each of the other policy areas, fewer than 2 in 5 voters give Trump an “A” or “B” grade.
On foreign relations, Trump earns an “A” from only 12 percent of voters. Twenty-two percent give him a “B,” 17 percent a “C,” 15 percent a “D” and 26 percent an “F.”
Voters are divided on Trump’s early immigration policies. More than 1 in 5, 21 percent, give Trump an “A” grade, and 18 percent give the president a “B.” But 3 in 10 give Trump a failing grade, and another 10 percent give him a barely passing “D.”
Trump mentioned trade as an accomplishment earlier this week, but only 13 percent give Trump an “A” on the issue. Twenty-one percent give him a “B,” 20 percent a “C,” 12 percent a “D” and 19 percent an “F.”
On the economy — a signature Trump issue — the president gets an “A” from 17 percent of voters, with an additional 22 percent giving him a “B.” Fewer voters give him poor marks than for other topics, but 21 percent still award Trump an “F.” (Trump’s grades on jobs are virtually identical to those for the economy.)
The harshest spot on Trump’s report card is health care, likely owing to the collapse last month of the Republican effort to replace the 2010 health care law.
Only 9 percent of voters give Trump an “A” on health care — including only 20 percent of Republicans and 16 percent of Trump voters. Trump earns a “B” from 16 percent of voters, a “C” from 19 percent and a “D” from 15 percent. Nearly one-third of poll respondents, 32 percent, give Trump an “F” on health care — equal to another issue on which Trump is weak, climate change.
Remember the common “Drain the swamp!”refrain at Trump rallies during the general election? The president is earning poor marks on putting the chant into practice, the poll shows. Only 10 percent give Trump an “A” on draining the swamp, and another 14 percent give him a “B.”
By contrast, 27 percent of voters, including nearly half of Democrats, give Trump a failing “F” grade. But nearly a quarter of poll respondents, 24 percent, have no opinion on Trump’s performance in draining the swamp.
Looking beyond Trump’s report card, voters are similarly divided on the future trajectory of his presidency. While 44 percent expect Trump’s performance to get better, just as many say it will get worse (30 percent) or stay about the same (16 percent).
There’s more optimism about his ability to mature in office among Republicans: More than 3 in 4, 76 percent, think Trump will get better. A majority of Democratic voters, 53 percent, expect Trump’s performance to get worse.
Trump’s current approval rating in the survey is 48 percent, with 45 percent of voters disapproving — figures that are more positive than in most other public polls.
Trump isn’t the only Washington actor earning poor marks from voters. Only a combined 30 percent give congressional Republicans an “A” or “B” grade, and just 27 percent give congressional Democrats those same high marks. A combined 39 percent give the Hill GOP a “D” or “F,” and 38 percent give those marks to Democrats in Congress.
Voters also split evenly on an early read on the 2018 midterm elections: Forty percent would vote for the Democratic candidate in their district, and 40 percent would vote for the Republican. One in 5 voters is undecided.
Morning Consult is a nonpartisan media and technology company that provides data-driven research and insights on politics, policy and business strategy.
More details on the poll and its methodology can be found in these two documents — Toplines: http://politi.co/2oogumt | Crosstabs: http://politi.co/2phmzWf



ARTICLE
The Commerce Department late Wednesday initiated an investigation to determine whether steel imports into the U.S. should be blocked on national security grounds, an administration official said. 
President Donald Trump will sign a memorandum today directing the department to conduct a speedy investigation and come back with recommendations, the official said.
Story Continued Below
A number of steel industry executives have been invited to the White House for an event with Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross. Representatives from ArcelorMittal, Nucor, U.S. Steel, AK Steel and Timken are expected, along with the president of the United Steelworkers union. China’s excess capacity to produce steel is seen as a long-term threat to the U.S. steel industry’s viability, but the investigation will not single out any particular country. It also will look broadly at overall steel imports rather than individual steel products, the official said. 
The order will call for the investigation under a provision of U.S. trade law that requires the commerce secretary to report to the president within 270 days whether a certain product is being imported in sufficient quantities or under such circumstances that it threatens to impair national security.
The president then has 90 days to decide whether to “adjust" imports or take some other non-trade related action. 
The United States imported about 30 million metric tons of steel in 2016, down from 35 million in 2015, for use in a variety of sectors including buildings, bridges, water and sewage plants, and oil and natural gas production. Major foreign suppliers include Canada, Brazil, South Korea, Mexico, Japan and Germany. 
China is relatively far down on the list because of a number of U.S. countervailing and anti-dumping duty orders already in place on its exports.



ARTICLE
The official Republican message on Wednesday, one day after Georgia’s special election, was that it meant nothing. There is no cause to be alarmed by Democrat Jon Ossoff’s indisputably strong performance. Republican nominee Karen Handel is going to defeat him in the June runoff. There’s no reason to worry about the party’s standing going into the 2018 midterm elections.
Unofficially, however, there were plenty of Republican operatives who viewed last week’s Kansas special election and Tuesday’s contest in Georgia as a harbinger of tough times ahead — warning signs that congressional leaders would be crazy to ignore as they craft their legislative strategy for the months ahead.
Story Continued Below
“I think we’re fooling ourselves if we don’t recognize that the Democratic anger is real,” said Glen Bolger, a longtime Republican pollster who co-founded the firm Public Opinion Strategies. “The biggest lesson is, guess what, we’re heading into a midterm where we control everything and it’s going to be tougher than when we were the out-party.”
Another Republican strategist, speaking on the condition of anonymity, said the Georgia and Kansas races show that Democrats have “a ton of enthusiasm. They’re going to raise a ton of money.”
A few members of Congress were willing to go on record and admit that recent special election results were a bit unsettling. Republican Rep. Dave Brat, a member of the Freedom Caucus who has bucked GOP leaders on a number of issues, said the race was “a little bit of a wake-up call” for the GOP, which he said needed “to do policy and politics at the same time."
Republicans, the Virginia congressman said, are busy “doing health care and tax policy and regulatory reform,” while Democrats, now that they are out of power, are focused “almost entirely on politics.”
Still, GOP leaders expressed only confidence on Wednesday following Ossoff’s performance despite the fact that his 48 percent result nearly met the 50 percent threshold necessary to win the Georgia seat outright — in a conservative-oriented House district that Republicans have held since 1979. 
“Karen Handel will be an effective representative for Georgia’s 6th Congressional District, like my good friends Tom Price and Newt Gingrich, and I’m looking forward to helping her win this election on June 20th,” House Speaker Paul Ryan said in a statement.
Curt Anderson, a prominent Republican strategist, downplayed Democratic claims that the race signaled much about the 2018 election conditions.
“The last contested election in that district was won by Trump by a few points over Hillary,” he said. “Same thing happened here yesterday. Boring. A lot of fuss about nothing.”
He noted that Republicans also had nothing to fear from last week’s special election results in Kansas, where Republican Ron Estes defeated Democrat James Thompson by 7 percentage points in a district Trump carried in November by 27 points. 
“These specials tend to portend exactly nothing about what is ahead of us,” Anderson said.
GOP strategist Carl Forti agreed, saying “special elections are called special for a reason. They’re unique.”
“Historically, there’s not much correlation between what happens in special elections and what happens in November,” Forti said. “We have no idea what the environment is going to be like in three months, much less 12.”
At the White House, press secretary Sean Spicer dismissed the idea that Republicans had anything to fear from the Georgia results.
“This is a district that was very close on the presidential level last cycle, and the Democrats went all-in on this. They were clear going into this election. They said that their goal was to get over 50 percent. They came up short,” he said Wednesday at a press briefing. “They lost. And the reaction has somewhat been, you know, that they almost won. No, they lost. They made very clear what their goal was in this race. They spent $8.3 million and threw everything including the kitchen sink into at it and lost.”
But Ossoff’s results came in at the high end of a private White House estimate that the Democrat would receive between 46 percent and 48 percent of the vote. The special election had been the subject of close White House scrutiny, stretching to the highest levels. The president himself dashed off a handful of tweets about the race and even recorded a robocall pounding Ossoff by name.
Chief of staff Reince Priebus and chief strategist Steve Bannon also closely monitored the contest. In the run-up to the election, Priebus spoke by phone with Randy Evans, an influential Republican National Committee member from Georgia, to sound him out about the race. 
“He’s a political creature. You couldn’t stop him if you wanted to from paying attention,” Evans said.
By the time Election Day arrived, Bannon had been keeping track of early vote counts, closely enough to know that Ossoff had been racking up large margins. 
One White House official who declined to go on record argued that it was the president’s late involvement in mobilizing Republican voters that helped keep Ossoff below the magic 50 percent mark. Trump himself seemed to suggest the same in a late Tuesday night tweet in which he said, without prompting, that he was “glad to be of help!”
The public confidence conveyed by the White House wasn’t entirely convincing. Some GOP strategists contended the party is kidding itself if it completely brushes off the results of the recent special elections.
“There’s a lot of fear, especially in the blue states,” said a Republican defense lobbyist who said he’s spoken to a number of GOP lawmakers concerned about a Democratic backlash to Trump. 
The Georgia election, the lobbyist said, was “just like Kansas — it’s another warning sign for Republicans that the House could be in play in 2018, and people aren’t happy with the direction the country is going in.”
“I’ve already seen several members opening their campaign offices earlier,” said the lobbyist, who noted that Republicans needed to notch some victories on Capitol Hill. “The Republicans need to figure out what they can do, not what they can’t do.”
The Republican strategist who spoke on the condition of anonymity said the GOP needs to adapt to the fact that midterm elections are usually bad for the party in power.
“There’s going to be a lot of close races, particularly in districts that are demographically similar to Georgia’s Sixth — highly educated and white,” said the strategist. “Are they going to give someone like Rodney Frelinghuysen his closest race in his career? Probably. Can they beat Rodney Frelinghuysen? Probably not.”
Frelinghuysen, the Republican chairman of the House Appropriations Committee who represents an affluent, suburban New Jersey district, won in 2016 with 58 percent of the vote — the closest race of his 22-year career in Congress.
“Midterms are a referendum on the party in power, and we are in power,” said the strategist, who called the failed House Republican health care bill an example of what not to do. “I think we should not do stupid shit in Congress. I think we should do popular things instead of unpopular things.”
Elana Schor and Alex Isenstadt contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
The White House, under internal pressure to show legislative achievements ahead of the 100-day mark, is gearing up for a government shutdown fight to secure money for a border wall, more immigration enforcement officers and a bigger military, according to White House and congressional sources familiar with the plan.
It is a risky gambit. With almost uniform Democratic opposition to nearly all of the Trump administration's spending proposals, the fight could lead to a government shutdown next Friday — the day government spending expires, and right before the 100th day of Donald Trump's presidency. Officials could also strike a one-week compromise, giving them more time for a broader agreement.
Story Continued Below
Congressional Republicans, desperately looking to avoid a shutdown scare, are eyeing a modest increase for border security — perhaps an increase in funding for surveillance technology — and a small uptick in military spending. But two senior White House officials say they want a bigger win out of the fight, and an important deadline might help.
People familiar with the negotiations say Mick Mulvaney, the budget director, and Marc Short, the White House legislative affairs director, are pushing congressional appropriators to include "billions" for their agenda in private conversations. The White House, one person familiar with the conversations said, has pushed for $3 billion for the border wall, and discussions have been ongoing.
"The CR is our biggest focus right now," one senior administration official said, referring to the continuing resolution on spending.
One official said the White House is feeling pressure because of a perceived lack of accomplishments 100 days in and wants to use the hard deadline to secure a victory the administration can tout.
If the Trump administration pushes for direct funding for the border wall, the president will risk a shutdown. Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) has warned that senators would not agree to fund the wall.
One senior Democratic aide said Democrats could support more military spending and possibly new technology for border security. But other "poison pills," like stripping money from Planned Parenthood, would be anathema to the legislation getting the 60 votes it needs to break a Senate filibuster.
"Anything that sounds like a deportation force would be problematic," this person said.



ARTICLE
Press secretary Sean Spicer said Wednesday the White House does not bear responsibility for public statements indicating that a U.S. aircraft carrier was headed for the Korean Peninsula earlier this month when it was, in fact, sailing in the opposite direction.
All questions as to why the USS Carl Vinson and its accompanying strike group were photographed traveling south past Indonesia after U.S. officials said the vessels would be deployed in the waters off the Korean Peninsula should be directed to the Pentagon and U.S. Pacific Command, Spicer said.
Story Continued Below
Spicer said he had never addressed the timing of the Carl Vinson’s movements, only the message sent by its deployment.
“What I was asked was what signal did it send that it was going there. And I answered that question correctly at the time, that it signaled foreign presence, strength and a reassurance to allies. That's a true statement,” Spicer said. “We were asked a question about what signal it sent. We answered the question what signal it sent. I'm not the one who commented on timing.”
Reporting by Defense News, which was soon picked up by other media outlets, showed this week that while officials from the U.S. military and the White House had indicated that the Carl Vinson would head directly from a port stop in Singapore to the Korean Peninsula, it actually headed south to participate in drills with the Royal Australian Navy.
In its initial statement on the deployment, Pacific Command said the Carl Vinson would “sail north and report on station in the Western Pacific Ocean after departing Singapore” and made no mention of drills with the Australian navy. The Pacific Command statement specifically noted that planned port stops in Australia had been canceled. 
Defense Secretary James Mattis told reporters at a briefing last week that the Carl Vinson was being deployed off the Korean Peninsula "because that’s where we thought it was most prudent to have her at this time.”
And President Donald Trump himself, in an interview last week with Fox Business network's Maria Bartiromo, said, "We are sending an armada, very powerful," toward North Korea.
“The statement that was put out was that the Carl Vinson group was headed to the Korean Peninsula. It is headed to the Korean Peninsula,” Spicer said on Wednesday. 
The deployment of the aircraft carrier strike group off the coast of the Korean Peninsula came in response to a missile test launched by North Korea, part of its most recent episode of saber-rattling and one that coincides with the birthday of its founder, Kim Il Sung.
Asked about the Carl Vinson’s deployment last week, Spicer said “when you see a carrier group steaming into an area like that, the forward presence of that is clearly, through almost every instance, a huge deterrence.” He made no mention at the time of any delay in the carrier’s deployment to the Korean Peninsula. 



ARTICLE
The White House has no qualms about the Republican Party’s ability to win elections, press secretary Sean Spicer said Wednesday, despite a Democratic near-victory in a Georgia special election the night earlier.
Jon Ossoff fell short of the 50 percent threshold necessary to claim an outright victory in the 6th Congressional District special election, but he picked up 48 percent of the vote in a crowded field in a district that has long elected Republicans. 
Story Continued Below
Ossoff, who raised an unprecedented $8.3 million in his first run for office, will face off against Republican Karen Handel in a June 20 runoff to fill the seat left vacant by Tom Price, the Republican former congressman now serving as President Donald Trump’s secretary of Health and Human Services.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Democrats' failure to win outright Tuesday night was a major blow, even though the district has been held by Republicans for decades.
“They didn’t run for a runoff. They ran to win last night and they lost,” Spicer said. “And so anything short of describing that as a loss is sort of inconceivable to me."
Spicer recounted Trump’s own election results, crediting the GOP’s “significant headway” in responding to changing demographics across the country for wins in November. Republicans control the White House and both houses of Congress.
“I think we did pretty well in November,” he told reporters. “And we’ve continued to pick up seats around the country at different levels. So I feel very confident about the state of the party.”
Ossoff’s candidacy in the election, in which Democrats and Republicans ran in a single primary Tuesday, was spurred by anti-Trump fervor in an race largely seen as a referendum on the president. Ossoff was aided, however, by the fact that 11 Republican hopefuls divided the GOP vote. 
Now that the race has narrowed to Ossoff and Handel, Republicans are optimistic that voters will coalesce around their candidate. Spicer argued that Democrats had failed to win outright Tuesday even though they had already united behind Ossoff. 
“This is a district that was very close on the presidential level last cycle, and the Democrats went all-in on this,” Spicer said. “They were clear going into this election. They said that their goal was to get over 50 percent. They came up short.”



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump will meet with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in May, the White House announced Wednesday. 
Abbas will visit Washington on May 3 and will meet with Trump to discuss possibilities to achieve peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said during Wednesday’s news briefing. 
Story Continued Below
“They will reconfirm the commitment of the United States and Palestinian leadership to pursuing and concluding a conflict-ending settlement between the Palestinians and Israel,” Spicer said. 
Trump, who met with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu earlier this year, said he “could live with either” a one-state or two-state solution. Trump has also that his son-in-law, senior White House adviser Jared Kushner, would take the lead in the effort to broker peace in the Middle East. 



ARTICLE
Tina Tchen, a former assistant to President Barack Obama and former chief of staff to first lady Michelle Obama, says she welcomes Ivanka Trump’s focus on women’s issues — but don’t look for the pair to team up anytime soon.
 “Giving her the benefit of the doubt, I guess that’s where I would start,” Tchen, former executive director of the White House Council on Women and Girls, tells POLITICO’s Carrie Budoff Brown in the latest episode of the “Women Rule” podcast. “It’s good that they’re talking about these issues, but then I think we have to be very vigilant.” 
Story Continued Below
Tchen won’t rule out working with the first daughter, who has been criticized by some Democratic women for failing to speak up forcefully against policy proposals that they say will harm women. 
“I wouldn’t say I’m never going to work with her just because she’s Ivanka Trump in the White House,” Tchen says. She considers it “a mark of how far we have come that this Republican White House feels compelled to talk about women’s empowerment and women’s entrepreneurship and to do some things in support of that.”
Tchen, who spent much of her time in the executive branch focused on issues like paid family leave and affordable child care, explains more of her thinking on Ivanka Trump in this episode of “Women Rule.” She also discusses her experience as a working single mother, reflects on how Michelle Obama was as a boss, and offers what she calls “controversial” insight into how professional women should conduct themselves.
You can find highlights of the interview with Tchen below:

 1:40 Tchen, who introduces herself as “unemployed” these days, describes her guiltiest pleasures now that she no longer works in the White House. 
 2:20 Tchen tells the story of how her father was in denial for three days after she was born that she was a girl.
“So there’s a G-rated version, and there’s a not-so-G-rated version. So this is a podcast. I guess I can do like the full-on version,” the former White House adviser jokes.
5:57 Tchen discusses how she balanced the pressures of being a working single mother as a corporate lawyer and later as a staffer in the White House.
“It’s not easy,” Tchen recalls. “And so I think it’s important to tell the truth about this stuff and not make it look like, this is like, ‘Oh, you could have it all. It’s really easy.’”
That experience, she notes, informed the White House’s policy priorities, especially when it came to their dedication to “working family issues.”
10:55 Michelle Obama’s former chief of staff gives an inside look at what it was like in the East Wing of the White House, detailing how the former first lady was — and wasn’t — a “tough” boss. 
12:54 Tchen answers the question: “What was your toughest day working in the White House?”
14:39 What’s next for the former first family? Tchen says the Obamas have “some things on their agenda already,” including books to write and a daughter to send off to college.
But as for any future policy work they may be involved in, Tchen is keeping mum. “I think they’re both going to be deliberate in thinking about how to act,” she says.
16:11 Tchen weighs in on how she’s avoided keeping up with every twist and turn of the new Republican administration. “There’s so much happening,” she notes. “I have missed things.”
But of the Trump administration and Republican efforts to roll back Barack Obama’s legacy, Tchen says, “we — more than anybody — know that elections have consequences. Some of what’s happening is what we said would happen.”
19:49 Tchen discusses her current advisory role with Empowering a Billion Women by 2020 and the United State of Women, which she bills as a “grass-roots megaphone for the women’s movement.”
23:54 The former Obama staffer, who says she’s “never met Ivanka Trump,” gives credit to the elder Trump daughter and her husband, Jared Kushner, “for taking seriously the responsibility and the opportunity that they have to serve the American public as well, even though they weren’t elected.”
Despite some controversy over Ivanka Trump and her proposals for women’s empowerment, Tchen expressed some openness to cooperating with her. But she follows that up with the caveat that “whether there’s a potential collaboration to me, it’s all based on what you’re actually doing, not just what you’re saying.”
29:29 Tchen discusses her former role as executive director of the White House Council on Women and Girls.
31:39 Would the former White House staffer ever run for office? “No,” Tchen says definitively.
She weighs in on the obstacles women face in running for office and offers up advice for professional women on being confident in their abilities.
Tchen also gives “controversial” insight into how women should dress in the office: “I’m going to say appearances actually kind of matter. … As a woman, you get a hard-enough time getting attention paid to you. And the last thing I think you need to add to that is to come in jeans and a T-shirt to a business meeting, even if it is on a Saturday.”
42:25 Tchen discusses what it was like to fly out of Andrews Air Force Base on the last plane ride with the Obamas.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump’s repeated weekend jaunts away from Washington have caused nonstop headaches for his South Florida neighbors this winter.
But once his exclusive seaside retreat at Mar-a-Lago closes for the season, Trump is expected to shift his weekend plans north, to his Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, New Jersey — and bring with him all the chaos that comes with being a preferred presidential destination.
Story Continued Below
“We’re kind of apprehensive, I guess you could say,” said Nick Strakhov, a retired telecommunications professional and longtime resident who serves on the Bedminster land use board. “It’s nice to be recognized. But on the other hand, if it gets to be tedious, we might start to complain.”
Street closures and traffic jams were a big problem last fall across the region when the then-president-elect traveled to Bedminster by motorcade from Trump Tower in midtown Manhattan for a weekend’s worth of interviews with potential Cabinet nominees.
White House and Secret Service officials did not respond to requests for comment about what mode of transportation Trump would use to get to New Jersey from Washington when he goes, but local officials said they’re expecting the president to travel either via a smaller 757 version of Air Force One into Morristown, New Jersey, or to fly into Newark and then use Marine One to get to his club. 
No matter what mode of transportation he takes, local aviators are bracing for flight restrictions that will keep private planes out of nearby skies when Trump is in residence. “That’s bad for Somerset. Shuts us down when he’s there,” said Lorne Sheren, senior aviation medical examiner at one of the three privately owned public airports in the area.
Bedminster officials have also been struggling for months to explain to the public who will pay for all the extra overtime work when the president is in their small, rural town.
Trump’s three-day trip to Bedminster last November as president-elect cost $3,683 in local police overtime, for example, and the town’s mayor, Steve Parker, estimated in a letter to New Jersey GOP Rep. Leonard Lance that seven 72-hour Trump visits could run the tab up to more than $300,000.
Lance’s office wrote the Obama Justice Department in December seeking grants or other funds to help pay for Trump’s visits to Bedminster as president-elect and beyond. He received a response last month from acting Assistant Attorney General Samuel Ramer, who explained that $7 million was available under the latest continuing resolution to help state and local law enforcement “for extraordinary overtime costs directly and solely associated with protecting the president before his inauguration.”
But Lance’s office said it’s still unclear how DOJ will divvy up the funding, or if Bedminster will get any of it. The congressman met Tuesday in Somerville, New Jersey, to talk about Trump’s upcoming visits to Bedminster with the county prosecutor and the lead Secret Service agent for the entire state, but his office said it still doesn’t have solid details on the funding situation.
Asked for an update on the funding issue, a DOJ spokesman declined to comment. Officials at the White House, Trump Organization and Secret Service did not respond to requests for comment for this story.
Locals are concerned. At a March town hall meeting, resident Jane Schumann told the all-Republican town board that she’d heard from friends in South Florida who were being told to expect higher tax bills to help pay for Trump’s frequent visits. 
“West Palm Beach is a lot bigger than we are. Those people are a little more affluent than we are. Has there been any thought to that?” she asked.
Parker told her that he’s estimated the local costs for multiple Trump visits to Bedminster throughout the year and he’s hoping Washington will send a check to cover those expenses. “Those of us have no control over it other than to ask the questions and be a squeaky wheel,” Parker said at the town hall. He also noted the Trump Organization in the past had kicked in to pay for extra security costs related to events at the club, well before Trump’s political career launched.
In an interview, Parker said Bedminster is in uncharted waters, especially with the media frenzy accompanying presidential trips. But he also said the town is accustomed to dealing with prominent people.
“We’ve got lots of folks who’ve got a little bit of notoriety in town, and it’s just regular business for Bedminster,” Parker said, citing former New Jersey Gov. Tom Kean and billionaire Steve Forbes, a former Republican presidential candidate.
Trump has long made the bucolic New Jersey country club his primary summertime getaway. A villa exclusively reserved for the president on the property secured approval from the town land use board last month for a 500-square-foot, two-story balcony and porch addition.
Ivanka Trump and her husband, senior White House adviser Jared Kushner, were married at Bedminster, and the three-story, five-bedroom home they use there got approval for its own major expansion last year, ahead of the birth of their third child. 
Just as at Mar-a-Lago, Trump relishes the camaraderie of spending time with people he’s long socialized and golfed with.
“So, this is my real group,” he said during a mid-November reception celebrating the New Jersey club’s longest-running members, according to leaked audio obtained by POLITICO from the event, held just 10 days after he’d won the White House.
“You are the special people,” Trump added, thanking the members and club staff for their early political support, naming many of them by their first names, and even talking at length about their golf games.
At one point, Trump even planned to be buried on the property, because, as one of his representatives explained in 2013 to local officials, he “appreciates the Bedminster ethic, and has stated that what exists here does not exist in other towns.”
This year’s visits to Bedminster will bring Trump a measure of personal redemption. The club will host the U.S. Women’s Open in mid-July, fulfilling a longtime goal of holding a major professional golf tournament at one of his courses.
The president’s golf club is the town’s second-highest paying taxpayer. And his club has repeatedly hosted the local government for its annual organization meetings. Democrats after the 2005 elections even rented out Trump National’s clubhouse to celebrate a rare election win onto the town board.
Bedminster is also about as close as Trump can get to Trump country in a blue state like New Jersey. While he lost Somerset County to Hillary Clinton by 14 points last November, he won the sparsely populated town of Bedminster by 42 votes.
No doubt, Trump’s weekend travel out of Washington remains fertile ground for Democrats, especially given how often he criticized President Barack Obama for playing so much golf during his eight years in office. The Center for American Progress Action Fund has launched a website comparing the $25 million it estimates has been spent to date on Trump’s travels with budget priorities like the National Park Service and Medicaid. Florida Democrats are also collecting emails on a petition seeking reimbursements to the state for Trump’s seven Mar-a-Lago visits during his first 13 weeks as president.
Local Democrats say they’ll greet Trump whenever he comes to New Jersey with protests, even if it may be challenging to accomplish in front of his club due to security restrictions and logistics. The clubhouse and Trump’s villa are set back more than a mile from a high-speed, two-lane county road.
“We’ll do what we need,” said Paula Dolan, chair of the Bedminster Democratic Committee, “to make our opinions known.”



ARTICLE
Kellyanne Conway could barely move across the White House lawn at the Easter Egg Roll on Monday without being accosted by a crush of selfie-seeking fans and enraptured young girls who wanted to stare at her.
The attention hardly came as a shock to Conway, who has been recognize-on-the-street famous since her ubiquitous television appearances during the 2016 campaign. Being swarmed by crowds — some full of adoration, others full of disdain — has become the new normal for the White House counselor, who is often stalked by paparazzi as she makes her way around Washington, now with her own Secret Service detail.
Story Continued Below
Conway might be the most overexposed of President Donald Trump’s West Wing aides; in November, the Daily Mail published a 59-photo slideshow of the Republican strategist lounging poolside in her bathing suit while on a family vacation in Key Biscayne, Florida. 
But she’s not the only White House official who has transformed into a bona fide national celebrity, completing a melding of politics and entertainment that Washington observers say has been years in the making.
Photographers stake out Trump staffers’ homes or venues where they are known to be speaking. Hollywood actors have volunteered to play Trump's aides on "Saturday Night Live." And their national name recognition is abnormally high for typically inside-the-Beltway famous jobs.
Press secretary Sean Spicer’s name recognition was above 60 percent nationally in a POLITICO/Morning Consult poll this month. That finding was in line with a Quinnipiac University poll in late February, the first time the polling institute ever polled the favorability of a White House press secretary, according to pollster Tim Malloy. 
And his name recognition was off the charts for a mere staffer — Spicer enjoyed about the same level of name recognition nationwide as Republican Sen. Rob Portman does in his home state of Ohio, which he has represented since 2011. Spicer, a former spokesman for the Republican National Committee who lived his life in relative anonymity, has been on the job for about 90 days.
“One thing we can say for sure: No one in his position has attracted this much attention from the media, and as much mocking and criticism,” Malloy said. “He’s been the tip of the spear of the criticism of the Trump White House.”
The aides themselves are adjusting to the sudden fame. “This is nothing I ever sought or expected,” Conway said in a phone interview as she boarded Air Force One on Tuesday to travel to Kenosha, Wisconsin, with the president. “It’s not as if I said to my children, ‘Mommy is running for governor, or starring in a new film, so attention will intensify and the unhappy people with poison keyboards will get nastier.’”
The easiest explanation for the overnight celebrification of the president’s staffers is that it reflects the man at the top. The "Apprentice" star-turned president has created a reality show in the White House, with Americans eating up storylines of who is rising, who is fading and who is screwing up. It’s the opposite of how “no drama Obama” dictated the tone and tenor of the West Wing.
“His minions become ancillary stars of the Real Housewives of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue,” said Republican strategist Rick Wilson, a frequent Trump critic. “Donald Trump’s ego is this singularity, which draws everything into it. The demand for constant attention and media coverage has led people to focus on the minions in the same way.”
Other political strategists credit “Saturday Night Live” for turning government staffers into household names. None of President Barack Obama’s press secretaries was so memorably lampooned in viral comedy sketches as Spicer, portrayed by Melissa McCarthy.
“There's an old axiom: Everybody in politics wants to be in show business, everyone in show business wants to be in politics,” said Ken Sunshine, founder of public relations company Sunshine Sachs and a former Hillary Clinton donor. “This is the merger. We've never seen anything like this."
But the obsession with West Wing staffers is more than gossip. Trump appears on many issues to not be driven by ideology, and he is often influenced by the last person he spoke with. That means that a focus on the aides he chooses to elevate in the West Wing is more than prurient interest in the staffers enacting the president’s agenda — it is a way of deciphering what Trump’s agenda even is.
Paparazzi photographer Mark Wilkins used to stalk movie stars like Shia LaBeouf, who once famously threw a cup of coffee at him. He's now taken to following White House aides instead.
Last week, he stationed himself outside the Newseum, where Conway was speaking at a conference, to snap photos of her as she left. “When she was walking in front of The Willard, they treated her like a rock star,” Wilkins told POLITICO.
Wilkins also sometimes sits outside of Spicer’s house in his car, waiting for a shot he can sell to the tabloids. 
“I’m going to try to work on him and get him at church,” Wilkins said. “I get tips from airlines and train stations, when they fly in and out. Waiting around the White House is boring — you don’t know what entrance they’re going to use.” 
The Daily Mail pays photographers a daily rate to sit outside the Kalorama home of Trump’s older daughter, Ivanka Trump, and her husband, Jared Kushner, tracking them as they come and go, sometimes in their gym clothes, two industry sources said. In the Morning Consult poll this month, only 17 percent of respondents had not heard of Ivanka Trump.
The fashionable first daughter, who now is an official White House staffer, is part of the gray area of formerly famous people who are now aides, as opposed to aides who are newly famous. Assistant to the President Omarosa Manigault, a former reality television star on "The Apprentice" who now works in the West Wing, tipped off the Daily Mail last month to her own wedding at the Trump International Hotel, industry sources said.
After the popularity of McCarthy’s turn as Spicer on "Saturday Night Live," actress Rosie O’Donnell volunteered herself to play chief political strategist Steve Bannon on television, briefly changing her Twitter avatar to a picture of herself dressed as the bomb-throwing former Breitbart chairman. Comedian Jimmy Fallon lampooned Kushner on "SNL" last week as a powerful but meek and voiceless aide.
Spicer, who declined to comment for this article, appears to be trying to tamp down the attention. He rarely makes television appearances outside his daily news briefing, which is still being carried live by all three cable news networks most days. Still, in March, Spicer was accosted by a woman at an Apple store in Washington, D.C., who asked him, “How does it feel to work for a fascist?” Her Periscope video of the confrontation went viral.
By contrast, former Obama press secretary Josh Earnest, who ceded the podium in the White House briefing room to Spicer on Jan. 20, said he is rarely recognized. Ari Fleischer, who served as press secretary to President George W. Bush, said it was only in the days after the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, that public attention infringed on his private life.
“My wife and I went out to dinner at a French restaurant, and I got written up for going soft on Bush because he was anti-French,” Fleischer recalled. “There was an awareness that people were looking at me, sort of, but there were no selfies then. The instances where it was intrusive were few and far between.”
Some former White House officials said having separate spotlights shining on staffers is counterproductive to running the government effectively.
“I would not say you’re doing your job effectively if you become the story,” said Jen Psaki, communications director in the Obama White House, who lived in relative anonymity while working there. “That was always our mantra. But they don’t have a lot to sell. There are not big policy proposals they are putting forward, which leads to more interest in the parlor game of who’s up and who’s down.”
Fleischer warned against getting caught up in the attention. “You have to recognize that the only reason anyone knows who you are is because you’re in service to the president and the country, and you recognize it’s all temporary,” he said. “You have to remember that you, as an individual, never get invited to anything, your job title and position do.”
But Conway admitted there is part of the A-lister attention she thrives on — and helps her advance Trump’s agenda. 
“When people see me and they think of President Trump and it’s a positive connection, it makes me happy,” she said of the spotlight. “It makes the president even more accessible with the public.”



ARTICLE
As it became clear late Tuesday evening that Jon Ossoff would fall just short of the 50-percent mark in the first round of voting in a suburban Atlanta special election, Democrats back in Washington started leafing through their calendars and asking: When does the winning start?
Ossoff’s moral victory — capturing 48 percent of the vote in a conservative-oriented district — was welcome, but after two successive close-but-no-cigar finishes in House special elections in Georgia and Kansas, a new worry is beginning to set in. 
Story Continued Below
For all the anger, energy, and money swirling at the grass-roots level, Democrats didn’t manage to pick off the first two Republican-held congressional seats they contended for in the Trump era, and the prospects aren’t markedly better in the next few House races coming up: the Montana race at the end of May, and the South Carolina contest on June 20. 
Their best shot at knocking Donald Trump down a peg appears to be Ossoff’s runoff against Republican Karen Handel, also scheduled for June 20. But the Democrat will be an underdog in that contest, when there won’t be a crowded field of Republicans to splinter the vote.
After that, it’ll be a further five months before the New Jersey and Virginia elections for governor, leaving some strategists and lawmakers wondering how to keep the furious rank-and-file voters engaged in fueling and funding the party’s comeback — especially given the sky-high expectations that surrounded Ossoff’s ultimately unsuccessful run at the 50-percent threshold that was necessary to win the seat outright.
“The resistance has it right: They are fighting mad, but they find joy in the fight. And so it’s not that anybody should be expected to gloss over the challenges that we have, or be Pollyanna about our situation as a country or as a party,” said Hawaii Sen. Brian Schatz, decrying some of the party’s messaging describing the prospect of an Ossoff loss as devastating. “It’s just that there has to be a sense of momentum that builds over time and that requires that we define our objectives tightly — and that we are prepared to lose more than we win for the time being, but that we understand that we have the vast majority of the American people on our side, and history on our side.”
Democrats have posted a few successes in the opening months of the Trump era. They’ve slowed the new president’s agenda and overperformed in a slew of low-profile state legislative races. By any measure, Ossoff’s strong performance in Georgia and the 20-point swing toward the Democratic nominee in last week’s Kansas special election are impressive accomplishments given the conservative orientation of those districts. But they still fall under the category of loss mitigation, not concrete victories against a president the party loathes.
Now, with Ossoff falling short of an outright win despite an unprecedented surge of campaign cash and national attention — in a district which Hillary Clinton lost by just 1 percentage point in 2016 — comes the potential for another round of fingerpointing within the party. The worry: that if operatives and voters continue their practice of quietly blaming one another for losses, as they did after a narrow defeat outside Wichita last week, the current level of runaway enthusiasm and budding trust in the national party leadership could sputter out long before the 2018 midterms.
“Whatever happens over the next few weeks, it’s critical that rank-and-file Democrats feel like the [Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee] left it all on the playing field,” said longtime party strategist Simon Rosenberg, president of the NDN think tank.
After attorney James Thompson came within 7 points of winning the race for CIA Director Mike Pompeo’s old seat in Kansas last week, some leading progressive voices, including Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, were quick to blame national Democrats for not spending enough time and energy to help Thompson. Since then, DCCC and Democratic National Committee officials have been sure to detail the work they’ve done for the party ahead of Ossoff’s race.
With the approach of a Montana contest that will see national resources poured in while political celebrities like Sanders descend on the state to support candidate Rob Quist, the question Democrats are asking themselves is whether it will be enough — and how to keep the grass-roots energy stoked as Trump’s administration passes the 100 day mark. Trump won Montana by 21 points, after all, and the race in Georgia to replace Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price illustrated that a combination of Republican infighting, the Trump factor and an avalanche of campaign cash still isn’t enough to guarantee Democratic success.
The South Carolina race to replace Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney will take place under similarly difficult conditions — in a district Trump won by 18 points, and in a state where he won by 14.
One way to avoid a letdown, some Democrats say, is to train the focus on legislative fights where Democrats have slowed the White House, from its travel ban to the attempt to repeal Obamacare. Party operatives figure pushes like that might be enough to keep the base energized as opportunities to push back on individual policies surface.
“People are responding to Trump, and as long as Trump is in office they will continue to respond,” said Democratic pollster Margie Omero. “There are plenty of other avenues for engagement. Constant meetings and groups popping up all over the country. You have corporate motivated efforts that people are taking to make sure that companies they support have political views that line up with their own. You have the groundswell of activism against [Neil] Gorsuch, and then you have the protests like the tax protest or the climate ones coming down the pike. So there’s lots of opportunity for opposing the president. [Yes,] as long there’s voting, people are going to be paying a lot of attention to it. But it goes beyond that.”
The fact that Democrats have picked themselves up off the ground since Election Day to mount a resistance at all creates a positive feedback loop, they believe — pointing to local legislative races as evidence of an optimistic trend.
“The biggest driver of enthusiasm right now is the rejection of Trump and the Trump agenda,” said party strategist Jesse Ferguson, a former top official at the party’s House campaign wing. “There have been far more successes in resisting the Trump administration than anyone would have expected on November 10, whether it’s beating back the health care repeal or some of these special elections in state legislatures, or closer-than-expected congressional races.”
With the political map glaringly free of obvious near-term win opportunities, Schatz believes the party’s messaging needs some refining. In his view, that means officials at the DCCC should cut the doom-and-gloom messaging in their fundraising emails — a significant way the party communicates with backers.
“I don’t mind the occasional call to action that is based on a negative emotion, it’s the declaring final defeat at the start of the third quarter that bugs me. ‘All is lost’ is a preposterous thing to say to a voter or a donor, and to use words like ‘crushing’ is a total misunderstanding of how to motivate people,” he said on Tuesday, just hours before the DCCC sent out a Nancy Pelosi-signed note with the subject line "crushing loss."
“The point to be made here is this is Tom Price’s seat,” he added. "One of the most conservative people in the United States House. And when he vacated his seat nobody thought it was going to be a problem for national Republicans and competitive for us. So if we can keep up this competitiveness, it’s going to be a really interesting year in 2018. But if we define our success as winning in Kansas, Montana, and Georgia, we’re setting ourselves up for potential disappointment.”



ARTICLE
Attorney General Jeff Sessions said Tuesday the violent MS-13 gang could qualify as a terrorist organization, and that he would support a move to label it as such. 
“I think so, perhaps. I believe it could qualify for that," Sessions said in an interview with Fox News' Tucker Carlson. "There are rules that I guess the State Department does to establish that."
Story Continued Below
Carlson had asked Sessions whether the U.S. could take the same action as the government of El Salvador did in 2015, when it classified MS-13 as a terrorist organization. Sessions said the answer is yes — but noted that it is not within his jurisdiction to create the designation. 
The crime cartel, originating from Los Angeles, has become a central target of the Trump administration's efforts to combat gang violence. 
Sessions called MS-13 "one of the most violent gangs in the history of our country" and said he believes in the Justice Department's ability to enact countermeasures to curtail the gang's activities. 
“We can devastate this gang. We’re going after them," he said. "We’re not going to allow them to take over a block, a corner of our communities and terrorize people with this violence.”
Earlier Tuesday, President Donald Trump praised Sessions for his work in seeking to degrade the criminal group, reiterating his campaign promise to "get tough" on crime. 
"AG Sessions is doing a fantastic job: announced today new steps to dismantle violent gangs like MS-13," Trump tweeted Tuesday afternoon. "I promised to get tough and we are!"
The president, citing no evidence, also blamed President Barack Obama and his administration for the gang's growth in the U.S.
“The weak illegal immigration policies of the Obama Admin. allowed bad MS 13 gangs to form in cities across U.S. We are removing them fast!” Trump wrote on Twitter at about 5:40 a.m.



ARTICLE
Georgia Democrat Jon Ossoff, a 30-year-old political novice, fell just short of a shocking victory in a House race that captured the attention of the political world as a referendum on President Donald Trump.
The results left Democrats hoping for an upset deflated at the ballot box once again, but Ossoff will get another crack at the district in a June runoff, when relieved Republicans are looking forward to a one-on-one race between Republican Karen Handel and the upstart Democrat.
Story Continued Below
Ossoff had 48 percent of the vote when The Associated Press declared that he would miss the 50 percent threshold for victory and instead qualify for a one-on-one runoff in June. The AP also declared that Handel, Georgia’s former secretary of state, qualified for the runoff with a second-place finish. Handel took 20 percent of the vote in the race for Georgia’s 6th Congressional District, left open by Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price, who had held the seat since 2004 without a serious challenge. Handel received nearly twice as many votes as the next-highest candidate, fellow Republican Bob Gray.
The finish will disappoint Democrats, who hoped Ossoff would capture the district Tuesday behind a wave of party enthusiasm for the opportunity to send a message to Trump in the special election. They have to settle for another shot in two months. This time, though, district voters will face a binary choice between Ossoff and a Republican opponent instead of an 18-candidate primary, which allowed Ossoff — one of the best-funded House candidates ever, raising over $8.3 million thanks to hundreds of thousands of small donations from Democrats around the country — to rise far above a splintered field.
“We will be ready to fight on and win in June if it is necessary,” Ossoff told his supporters Tuesday night before the race was called. “And there is no amount of dark money, super PAC, negative advertising that can overcome real grass-roots energy like this. So bring it on.”
Handel called for Republican unity as she claimed victory.
"Tomorrow we start the campaign anew,” she said, according to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution. “Beating Ossoff and holding this seat is something that rises above any one person."
And both parties quickly sought to spin the inconclusive results as a major win for their side — as well as a statement on Trump’s popularity and the national political mood. Ossoff hailed the night as a “victory for the ages,” while Trump weighed in on Twitter to call the result a “big ‘R’ win.”
Republicans believe that once their party base coalesces behind a single candidate, they will be able to beat Ossoff. Gray, one of Handel’s toughest GOP opponents, was quick to line up behind her Tuesday night. 
“We are going to rally behind Karen Handel,” tweeted Gray, who was backed by the Club For Growth, which aired TV ads attacking Handel. “We wish her Godspeed.” 
“In a one-on-one race over a nine-week period," Ossoff will "have to answer questions he didn’t have to answer in the primary, like any issue on policy, on Syria, on tax reform. That becomes a lot harder for him,” said Chip Lake, a Republican consultant in the state. “When there’s 18 people in a race, it’s a bar brawl, and no one knows what to look at. But when it’s one-on-one, it’s easier for voters to understand and easier to define it.” 
Already, Ossoff has faced millions of dollars in attacks from Republican outside groups, which sounded the alarm that he was a threat to win the district last month after he began advertising heavily on TV. Three weeks ago, the National Republican Congressional Committee started spending $2.2 million on ads, casting Ossoff as “too liberal” for the district and a “rubber-stamp” for House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi.
Congressional Leadership Fund, the major GOP super PAC focused on House races, also switched its message from early ads mocking Ossoff for dressing up as Han Solo in college. The later ads attacked Ossoff on his résumé, saying he inflated his credentials as a national security staffer for Rep. Hank Johnson.
The attacks held Ossoff back in a district Trump carried by less than 2 percentage points in the 2016 presidential race. Trump's margin, a sharp departure from Republicans’ usual double-digit wins, signaled an opening to Democrats looking for silver linings after Hillary Clinton’s devastating loss. Ossoff became a vessel for Democratic backlash against the president, raising millions from donors around the country who saw the special election as an opportunity to hurt Trump politically.
A nationalized race could continue to benefit Ossoff, said former GOP Rep. David Jolly, who said he saw parallels between the current situation in Georgia and the special election he won in Florida in 2014. 
“For my race, it was Obamacare. It was a clearly nationalized race about Obamacare. For Ossoff, it will be the first 100 days of Donald Trump,” Jolly said. “The Republican in the runoff will have to struggle to figure out, is it my job to defend Trump, who has a historic unpopularity right now, or is it not? But Ossoff gets to talk nonstop about how the last 100 days are bad.” 
It could also spell trouble for Republicans in 2018, as Trump continues to struggle with well-educated, suburban voters, a “trend line” the GOP should “be very worried” about, said Ian Russell, former deputy executive director of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee. 
“While folks would’ve loved to win this, it’s absurd that it’s even talked about as a possibility and it shows how far Republicans have fallen that they’re panicking that a 30-year-old staffer didn’t win it outright,” Russell said. “This is not about one House seat; this is a trend. The kind of voters Republicans have alienated because of Trump’s behavior and the Republican Congress — that is a huge problem for them in suburban districts.”
Trump took a personal interest in the special election, tweeting attacks about Ossoff several times in the closing days of the race, saying he would be “weak on crime” and “raise taxes.” In an effort to boost GOP turnout, Trump also recorded a robocall urging voters to prevent Democrats from “[taking] your Republican congressional seat away from you.” 
“Don’t let them do it,” he added.
As the final results trickled in early Wednesday morning, Trump took to Twitter once more.
“Despite major outside money, FAKE media support & eleven Republican candidates, BIG ‘R’ win with runoff in Georgia. Glad to be of help!” Trump tweeted.



ARTICLE
Billionaire investor Steve Schwarzman’s newfound status as a trusted outside adviser for President Donald Trump has created blurred lines in which the Blackstone CEO is offering guidance on policies that could boost the fortunes of his company and his personal wealth.
The starkest example was Trump’s reversal last week on labeling China a currency manipulator — a central campaign pledge that could have dealt a major blow to U.S.-China relations. While many factors likely played into Trump’s decision, including the president’s desire to encourage China to get tough on North Korea, it also followed extensive advice Schwarzman had given the president on the topic, warning Trump against such a move.
Story Continued Below
Even if Schwarzman was acting in the capacity of an economic expert, those policy changes directly help Schwarzman’s bottom line as CEO of Blackstone, the private equity giant.
And Blackstone has gone so far as to warn its investors about the stakes of Trump’s China policy. In a recent regulatory filing, Blackstone explicitly warned its investors that Trump’s tough talk on China threatened to hurt Blackstone’s portfolio.
"President Trump has raised the possibility of greater restrictions on international trade and significant increases to tariffs on goods imported into the U.S., particularly from China,” Blackstone said in the Feb. 24 disclosure to the Securities and Exchange Commission. "Changes to international trade agreements or the imposition of tariffs or other trade barriers could increase costs, decrease margins, reduce the competitiveness of products and services offered by current and future portfolio companies and adversely affect the revenues and profitability of companies whose businesses rely on goods imported from outside of the U.S.”
Blackstone’s extensive holdings in China include an IT outsourcing company, shopping malls, hotels and commercial property. The Chinese government also controls an investment arm that owns shares in Blackstone.
Blackstone also warned investors about the impact on its portfolio of Trump’s tax proposals — another subject that Schwarzman has recently been discussing with the president, according to sources familiar with the conversations.
"President Trump expressed support for legislation ending treatment of carried interest as capital gain,” Blackstone said in the SEC filing. "If federal, state or local legislation to treat carried interest as ordinary income rather than as capital gain for tax purposes were to be enacted, we and possibly our unitholders would be required to pay a materially higher amount of taxes, thereby adversely affecting our ability to recruit, retain and motivate our current and future professionals.”
Trump has so far not presented his latest tax plan to Congress.
There’s nothing illegal about Schwarzman providing informal advice that benefits his own wealth, as there would be if he were an official government employee. But the arrangement creates an ethical gray area, and the Justice Department’s Office of Legal Counsel recommends making advisers employees so that they become subject to rules that guard against conflicts of interest.
Robert Weissman, president of watchdog group Public Citizen, said it’s all but impossible for someone like Schwarzman to separate his roles as a corporate expert and as a top executive and major investor in Blackstone.
"The corporate pipeline to the president’s ear guarantees the corruption of American domestic and foreign policy,” Weissman said. "In the ethics vacuum of the Trump administration, Schwarzman’s special role as perhaps Trump’s closest corporate adviser makes it almost inevitable that administration policy will bend to Blackstone’s interests." 
Schwarzman is not the only outside adviser who stands to profit handsomely from the counsel he offers the president. Trump has also tapped Carl Icahn, Rudy Giuliani and Richard LeFrak to offer advice on topics ranging from regulatory matters to cybersecurity to infrastructure — areas that overlap with their personal investments.
Icahn grabbed headlines after he advised Trump to change a federal biofuels program in a way that would benefit an oil refining company he owns. Ethics experts cried foul, arguing that Icahn was acting as a de facto government official, but the billionaire and the White House insist he is merely a private citizen.
While Trump relies on a range of executives, Schwarzman has gained an especially influential spot as of late.
A White House official and one other source familiar with the conversations said Trump spoke to Schwarzman often in the leadup to Chinese President Xi Jinping’s visit earlier this month, citing the friendship the Chinese leader has with the Manhattan businessman. One White House official described the conversations as Trump testing his theories and ideas about China with Schwarzman, “who kind of gave him the pros and cons of each approach,” this person said.
While China was a frequent point of contention on the campaign trail -- Trump railed against the country manipulating its currency nd ripping off America with trade deals — he didn’t have a deep knowledge of the country, one person close to Trump said.
And Trump has gone beyond economics topics with Schwarzman, asking him about the management structure inside the White House and foreign policy issues, one White House official said.
Schwarzman has never asked Trump to do anything “specifically for Blackstone or his company,” the White House official said, and the company doesn’t usually come up in conversations.
Blackstone spokeswoman Christine Anderson defended Schwarzman advising Trump.
“Just as Mr. Schwarzman has assisted presidents from both parties in the past, he has provided his views to President Trump when asked, alongside a long, bipartisan list of business leaders from around the country,” Anderson said. “His only reason for doing so is serving the common good and helping produce positive results for the American people.”
The White House press office did not respond to requests for comment.
It’s also not unprecedented for executives to provide regular advice to the president that could impact their own companies and personal wealth. Former President Barack Obama regularly relied on Jeff Immelt, CEO of General Electric, who headed up his President's Council on Jobs and Competitiveness, an advisory board focused on creating jobs after the recession.
Schwarzman, who was named as the chair of Trump’s Strategic and Policy Forum in December, has known Trump for years. He has a palatial estate — called the Four Winds — near Trump in Palm Beach and often retreats to the Florida island on the weekends. He likes to dine at Mar-a-Lago with Trump, as he did recently as the Saturday night after the Chinese president’s visit.
Trump generally initiates the calls with Schwarzman, who has visited the White House on several occasions. One adviser said Trump respects most people who are wealthy “like him.”
That’s not the limit of Blackstone’s influence. Several senior administration officials are also close to Wayne Berman, a Blackstone executive in Washington who has been rumored as a potential replacement for chief of staff Reince Priebus. While that talk has died down, Berman frequently speaks to a range of top officials, including Steven Mnuchin, the president’s treasury secretary, one White House official said.
Schwarzman, who donated $5.5 million to Republicans in the most recent election cycle along with his wife, has also shown a strong personal interest in China, sometimes apparently at the expense of his company duties. Schwarzman funds a scholarship program for Americans to study there modeled on the famous Rhodes Scholarship in the United Kingdom that in 2015 reportedly occupied more of his attention than a massive deal Blackstone was pursuing with General Electric.
For Trump, accusing China of manipulating its currency was a staple of his stump speeches on the campaign trail, and he promised to make officially designating it a currency manipulator one of his first orders of business as president. But last week he reversed his position in an interview with The Wall Street Journal, saying the accusation could strain relations when the U.S. needs Chinese help containing North Korea.
Trump also appears to have eased off promises to slap high tariffs on goods from China and Mexico, which economists warned could violate international agreements and start a trade war. While he has not publicly reversed himself, Trump has not revived his previously frequent calls for the tariffs.



ARTICLE
Though no one denies Senate Democrats are in for a rough 2018 midterm election, a host of their vulnerable incumbents just posted some eye-popping fundraising numbers — a sign the party won’t easily cede more ground to Republicans next year.
Of the 10 Senate Democrats up for reelection in states Donald Trump won last fall, six brought in at least $2 million in the first quarter of 2017. Most Democrats far outpaced fundraising compared with the two Senate Republicans being targeted by Democrats next year: Dean Heller of Nevada and Jeff Flake of Arizona, both of whom raised $1.4 million during the first three months of the year.
Story Continued Below
And on average, Senate Democrats in competitive races outraised GOP incumbents at the same point in the 2016 election cycle. 
Democrats are heavy underdogs to win back the Senate because they have to defend 25 seats versus just nine that Republicans are trying to keep in their column. But the Democratic senators’ blockbuster first-quarter numbers — buoyed by liberal grass-roots opposition to Trump — are giving them an early shot of momentum heading into the midterms. Strategists also hope the numbers will scare off potential GOP challengers at a time when Republicans are struggling to recruit candidates.
Republicans say it’s too soon to sweat the Democratic incumbents’ fundraising. Though the first midterm election of a new presidency is typically a referendum on the commander in chief and favors the party out of power in the White House, no one knows how Trump will be perceived 18 months from now. It’s also noteworthy that the Republican Senate campaign arm outraised its Democratic counterpart.
Still, Democrats are cautiously optimistic that they can, at least, stanch additional hemorrhaging in the Senate — after a 2016 election in which the party was widely expected to win control of the chamber.
“I think we’re seeing a lot of evidence for a check-and-balance electorate,” said J.B. Poersch of Senate Majority PAC, the main super PAC for Senate Democrats. “These senators have worked hard to be well-defined and well-liked in their states. Despite a challenging map, these incumbents have a strong chance at reelection in 2018.”
Here are POLITICO’s five takeaways from first-quarter Senate fundraising figures:
Senate Democrats’ boffo quarter 
With a $2.8 million haul, Sen. Claire McCaskill shattered fundraising records in Missouri, raising more than any other senator or Senate hopeful in her state during the first quarter of an off year. So did Sen. Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota, whose $1.6 million sum was the best first-quarter figure for a Senate candidate in that state in a nonelection year.
Two other Senate Democrats in ruby-red states also had strong quarters: Jon Tester in Montana raised more than $2 million and Joe Donnelly brought in $1.3 million in Indiana.
Some Democratic strategists credit a revved-up liberal base — motivated to fight Trump at every turn and pressuring senators to do the same — for the spike, though others downplayed Trump’s influence on fundraising.
“I don’t think it has a whole lot to do with Trump,” said Justin Barasky, campaign manager for Ohio Sen. Sherrod Brown’s reelection bid. “I think it has to do with the depth of support that Sherrod has throughout the state. People in Ohio and elsewhere know what Sherrod is up against.”
In other states where Democrats are defending Senate seats, Brown raised $2.4 million; Bill Nelson of Florida $2.2 million; Tammy Baldwin of Wisconsin $2.2 million; Bob Casey of Pennsylvania $2.7 million; and Debbie Stabenow of Michigan nearly $1.3 million.
The one exception to the Democrats’ massive fundraising haul this quarter was Sen. Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.), who raised just under $553,000. Still, Manchin, whose state Trump won by more than 40 points, has nearly $2.2 million in the bank. 
GOP challengers? Not so much
Potential Republican challengers collected middling amounts by comparison. Indiana Rep. Luke Messer, who is considering a challenge to Donnelly, raised just over $700,000. Rep. Todd Rokita, another potential Donnelly opponent, raised a mere $320,000. By comparison, Sen. Todd Young raised $1 million in the quarter following GOP Sen. Dan Coats’ retirement announcement in March 2015.
Missouri Rep. Ann Wagner, who has a reputation as a prolific fundraiser dating back to her days as a Republican National Committee co-chair and state party chair, raised $800,000 for a potential bid against McCaskill. (Wagner was also working in a finance position for the National Republican Congressional Committee, which set fundraising records with a $36 million haul over the first three months of the year.) North Dakota Rep. Kevin Cramer, talked about as a potential Heitkamp challenger, raised $322,000.
Still, the National Republican Senatorial Committee’s $16 million first-quarter haul should relieve worried Republicans. The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, which consistently outraised the NRSC last cycle, raised just under $14 million.
And in Ohio, two Republicans posted impressive totals. State treasurer and 2012 candidate Josh Mandel raised $1.2 million, while Rep. Pat Tiberi, a member of the House Ways and Means Committee, banked almost $1.4 million. But some of that cash is almost certainly destined for a contested primary.
Senate Republicans at this point in 2015 
Two years ago, the Senate map was essentially a mirror image of the 2018 cycle: A host of GOP senators were up in blue and purple states, while Democrats had few seats to defend.
While six Democratic senators raised more than $2 million in the first quarter of 2017, just three GOP senators had banked at least that amount at this point two years ago: Rob Portman of Ohio, Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania and John McCain of Arizona, all prolific fundraisers. No other Republican incumbents in key 2016 races had raised more than $1.4 million during the first quarter of 2015.
But two years ago, a handful of Republicans had war chests that far outpaced the cash-on-hand totals of Democrats this year. For instance, Portman already had $8 million at this point in 2015, while Toomey had reported nearly $7.3 million cash on hand. This year, in those two states, Brown has a $5 million war chest, while Casey is reporting $3.8 million cash on hand.
McCaskill’s $2.8 million haul is nearly triple that of Sen. Roy Blunt (R-Mo.), who raised just under $1.1 million during the first quarter of 2015. But both reported similar cash on hand totals after the first three months of the cycle: $3 million.
Boost in small-dollar donations 
In Ohio, Brown’s average contribution was $38. About 85 percent of Tester’s donations were $100 or less. And McCaskill’s campaign boasted that it had more than 5,500 new Missouri donors, while the average donation was $59.
Democrats are particularly ebullient about the smaller contributions, since that means donors are far from being maxed out and can keep donating as the midterms get closer. And they believe the controversies coming out of the Trump White House will give them no shortage of fundraising opportunities. 
“Our base is motivated and the small-dollar donations are the latest sign that they are engaged early headed into 2018,” DSCC communications director Lauren Passalacqua said.
The uptick in online donations isn’t unique to Democrats; the NRSC has also gotten a boost in online fundraising. But Democrats have a built-in advantage with ActBlue, the online fundraising portal for Democratic candidates, that gives donors one clearinghouse for online contributions. There’s no ActBlue equivalent for Republicans. 
“They know how to fund us, but we don’t have the same system where there’s just one website,” one GOP official said. “We just don’t have it.”
Big 2018 numbers for potential 2020-ers 
Two Democratic senators in seemingly safe blue seats — Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts and Chris Murphy of Connecticut — posted massive numbers in the first quarter, with Warren pulling in $5.2 million and Murphy banking $3 million. Warren and Murphy are considered potential 2020 presidential contenders but first need to win reelection.
Warren and Murphy may not need their cash to keep their seats, but both could build chits by spreading the wealth. Senators can give an unlimited amount to the DSCC, and Murphy has already said he will use some campaign funds to build up anti-Trump groups in his home state. 
Former Democratic vice presidential nominee and Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine raised $2.9 million. Kaine represents a blue-trending swing state that’s further down the NRSC’s target list.
Minnesota Sen. Amy Klobuchar, who is occasionally mentioned as a presidential nominee, raised $1.5 million. Another potential 2020 candidate up for reelection in 2018, New York Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand, raised $4.4 million in the first three months of 2017.



ARTICLE
The U.S. Navy aircraft carrier that the Trump administration had said was steaming toward North Korea was actually conducting exercises off the coast of Australia, a U.S. defense official acknowledged Tuesday. 
The Navy announced April 9 that the USS Carl Vinson Strike Group, including the carrier and two guided missile destroyers, was ordered to “sail north and report on station in the Western Pacific Ocean.” 
Story Continued Below
Following the Navy’s announcement, a U.S. official told Reuters the deployment of the group of ships was a “necessary” show of force because of North Korea’s recent behavior, which included a failed missile test. President Donald Trump went on to say the U.S. was “sending an armada” to counter the North Korean threat. 
The move prompted a strong rebuke by North Korea, which told CNN in a statement that it would counter the "reckless acts of aggression" with "whatever methods the U.S. wants to take." 
But a Navy photograph posted online Saturday showed the Carl Vinson in the Sunda Strait near Indonesia, providing the first clues that the ship was not where many had reported. 
The Carl Vinson Strike Group is currently off the northwest coast of Australia after conducting exercises with the Royal Australian Navy for the past three days and is heading north toward the Sea of Japan, the defense official said.
In Hawaii, a spokesman for the U.S. Pacific Command explained the Vinson’s movements this way: 
“The USS Carl Vinson Strike Group is proceeding to the Western Pacific as ordered. After departing Singapore on April 8 and canceling a scheduled port visit to Perth, the Strike Group was able to complete a curtailed period of previously scheduled training with Australia in international waters off the northwest coast of Australia. 
“The Carl Vinson Strike Group is heading north to the Western Pacific as a prudent measure.” 
Defense News first reported that the carrier was not near North Korea on Monday night. The Washington Post and New York Times also reported on the confusion which The Times said stemmed from a “glitch-ridden sequence of events” that included a premature announcement of the deployment from the Navy and an incorrect statement from Defense Secretary Jim Mattis. 
Mattis was asked directly about whether the deployment of the Carl Vinson Strike Group was intended as a “show of presence” to North Korea during a press conference a week ago. 
“She's just on her way up there because that's where we thought it was most prudent to have her at this time,” Mattis responded. 
“I believe it's because she was originally headed in one direction for an exercise, and we canceled our role in that exercise, and that's what became public. We had to explain why she wasn't in that exercise,” he continued, though the Defense Department’s transcript was amended to note that a port visit to Australia, not the exercise with the Royal Australian Navy, was canceled. 
The defense official was unsure if the Navy had had any conversations with Mattis’ office or the Joint Staff following the mix-up, but said it was “not the Navy’s place” to speak with the White House about it.
The White House had no comment, referring questions to the Pentagon. The Pentagon directed all queries to U.S. Pacific Command.



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump on Tuesday promised big wins in the next stretch of his administration, glossing past the reality that the political newcomer will celebrate his first 100 days without a major legislative victory.
In a speech that could be seen as a messaging test for that milestone, Trump hailed the opening days of his administration as a wild success and pledged to quickly deliver on health care, tax reform and infrastructure.
Story Continued Below
“No administration has accomplished more in the first 90 days,” Trump declared in Kenosha, Wisconsin, where he toured tool manufacturer Snap-on before delivering his remarks. “That includes on military, on the border, on trade, on regulation, on law enforcement — we love our law enforcement — and on government reform.”
Trump’s claim is in line with his past rhetoric — he told reporters nearly two weeks ago that he’s had “one of the most successful 13 weeks in the history of the presidency.” (Thursday will actually mark the first 13 weeks of his administration.) 
Trump, to his credit, has signed a host of executive orders and successfully nominated Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. But his presidency has been marred by White House infighting, staff shakeups and reorganization, court-ordered suspensions of his travel ban, evolving positions on campaign pledges, potential conflicts of interest, questions over transparency, and FBI and congressional investigations into his associates’ possible ties to Russian agents.
Perhaps most devastating, however, was the administration’s failed effort last month to usher legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare through the Republican-controlled House. Nevertheless, Trump suggested Tuesday that health care reform is imminent, casting it as the first major hurdle to cross before accelerating through his legislative agenda.
Trump encouraged attendees at the Snap-on facility to call their congressmen and “press everybody” to support GOP leaders’ legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare so Congress could pass tax reform next. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin once flagged August as a realistic deadline for a tax overhaul but has since acknowledged that is “highly aggressive to not realistic at this point.”
But Trump insisted that “we’re on time, if we get that health care approval.” It’s unclear, however, whether the president was indicating that his administration is on time to complete a tax package by August or whether his comments were making clear that the White House isn’t behind on enacting its legislative agenda despite the health care stumble.
“We wanna get that approval,” Trump said. “And it just makes the tax reform easier, and it makes it better. It’s gonna make it steeper. It’s gonna be bigger, and that’s what we wanna do.”
Democrats and transparency advocates have argued that tax reform is impossible without the president first disclosing his tax returns to the American people to see how he could benefit from legislation he has the authority to sign into law. 
“Until Pres Trump releases his full tax returns, a cloud of suspicion will remain & make it much harder to pass tax reform through Congress,” Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer tweeted.
Trump insisted that his administration is “in very good shape on tax reform.” 
“We have the concept of the plan. We’re gonna be announcing it very soon,” he said. “But health care, we have to get the health care taken care of. And as soon as health care takes care of, we are gonna march very quickly. You’re gonna watch. We’re gonna surprise you. Right, Steve Mnuchin? Right?”
The president didn’t end his bold promises there. He added infrastructure spending to the mix. Trump has proposed an investment in American infrastructure that could exceed a $1 trillion price tag, a figure for which Schumer and other Democrats have expressed support. 
Trump said his administration will repair the nation’s “badly depleted infrastructure … soon.” But he wasn't clear about how he would accomplish that.
“Infrastructure. Big infrastructure bill,” Trump said. “Probably use it with something else that’s a little bit harder to get approved in order to get that approved. But infrastructure is coming, and it’s coming fast.” 
Trump toured Snap-on to tout a “Buy American, Hire American” executive order designed to make good on his campaign pledge to put America — and Americans — first. Trump has often come under fire for his position, given that the billionaire businessman has had products manufactured overseas and relied on foreign workers for cheap labor.
In a museum-like display room featuring a table of Snap-on products sold as souvenirs, Snap-on CEO Nick Pinchuk told the president that some customers wanted a box large enough to carry ashes following a cremation, according to a White House pool report.
“That’s depressing,” Trump replied.
He signed the executive order after speaking at the plant. And while his remarks at times centered on how the administration will prioritize American workers and U.S. products, the president’s speech included big pledges and tough talk on trade.
Promising to stand up for Wisconsin’s dairy farmers, Trump singled out Canada for doing “some very unfair things,” which he didn’t detail but said he had read about.
“What’s happened to you is very, very unfair. It’s another typical one-sided deal against the United States, and it’s not gonna be happening for long,” Trump said, promising to call Canada and “get the solution, not just the answer” to what happened.
He continued ripping NAFTA, as he did on the campaign trail, calling the North American trade pact “a complete and total disaster.”
“NAFTA’s been very, very bad for our country,” Trump added. “It’s been very, very bad for our companies and for our workers, and we’re gonna make some very big changes or we are going to get rid of NAFTA for once and for all. Cannot continue like this. Believe me.”
Trump said his “historic” executive order would help protect workers by declaring “the policy of our government is to aggressively promote and use American-made goods and to ensure that American labor is hired to do the job.”
Reporters asked White House policy aide Stephen Miller why the order was necessary because it appears that many, or perhaps even all, of the provisions could be accomplished without executive action, according to a pool report. Miller declined to respond and boarded Air Force One for the trip back to Washington, D.C.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump’s call congratulating Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan on the referendum vote consolidating his power was not necessarily an endorsement or acceptance of the results, the White House said Tuesday.
The outcome of the vote, which would amend Turkey’s constitution to grant the country’s autocratic president significantly more power, is being contested, and Trump surprised some in Washington on Monday when the White House said he had called Erdogan to congratulate him. Experts and other American leaders, including some Republicans, have responded to the vote by framing it as hugely damaging to democracy in Turkey.
Story Continued Below
Speaking with reporters aboard Air Force One en route to Wisconsin on Tuesday, principal deputy White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders seemed to try to reframe the call, saying that Trump’s “bigger point and priority” with the call was to “talk about shared interests as a NATO ally and a partner there.”
“We want to encourage democracy,” Sanders said, according to a transcript released by the White House press office. “And again, the purpose of the president's call yesterday was not to discourage that but simply to talk about some of the things, like Syria, where they can work together.”
Asked whether the call signaled Trump’s support for Erdogan acquiring more power, Sanders said no.
“That wasn’t the purpose of the call,” she said. “And that's certainly not the position of the pPresident, and of course [he[ supports democracy and would hope for that. But at the same time, the president's No. 1 priority is protecting Americans, keeping Americans safe, and sometimes we're going to have to work with other countries and some of our NATO partners in order to do that.”
She also denied that the call means that Trump accepts the vote’s results. The commission that reviews them, she said, should do so.
“We want the commission that looks at those to do their job and to do a report on the election results,” Sanders said. “But the purpose of the call was to congratulate him but also primarily to talk about some of their shared interests, like Syria, primarily.”



ARTICLE
TOKYO — U.S. Vice President Mike Pence assured Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Tuesday that the United States stands "100 percent" behind its anchor ally in Asia in working to defuse risks from North Korea's nuclear program.
Pence struck a stern tone as he began talks with Abe and other Japanese leaders after arriving at a U.S. naval base from South Korea.
Story Continued Below
"We appreciate the challenging times in which the people of Japan live with increasing provocations from across the Sea of Japan," Pence said. "We are with you 100 percent."
The Trump administration has signaled a more forceful U.S. stance toward North Korea's recent missile tests and threats, including a warning from Trump that North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has "gotta behave."
In an interview with CNN Tuesday, Pence went on to say that it's time for North Korea to "get the message." 
"As the president says, it’s time for them to behave, to listen to the world community and to set aside their nuclear ambitions…and be willing to join the family of nations," he said. 
On Monday, Pence traveled to the tense Demilitarized Zone dividing North and South Korea, where he warned North Korea's leaders that after years of testing the U.S. and South Korea with its nuclear ambitions, "the era of strategic patience is over."
A senior North Korean official then accused the United States of bringing the countries to the brink of thermonuclear war.
At the outset of his meeting with Abe, Pence said that "While all options are on the table," Trump was determined to work with Japan, South Korea and other allies in the region to resolve the problem.
Pence, on a 10-day Asia trip that will also take him to Indonesia and Australia, said Trump hopes China will use its leverage to get its longtime ally North Korea to abandon its nuclear weapons program. But the vice president expressed impatience with the unwillingness of the North to move toward ridding itself of nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles.
In Beijing, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi made a new appeal Tuesday for calm on the Korean Peninsula.
Wang told reporters that although U.S. officials have made clear that a military strike remains on the table, he believes that Washington would still prefer to de-escalate tensions through multi-sided talks.
Abe said Japan likewise hopes for peaceful dialogue with Pyongyang, "but at the same time, dialogue for the sake of dialogue is valueless." Pressure on North Korea is crucial, the prime minister said.
After meeting with Abe, Pence held talks with Japanese Deputy Prime Minister Taro Aso on a new U.S.-Japan "economic dialogue" to be led by the two.
The new forum for trade talks was launched by Trump and Abe during the Japanese leader's visit to the U.S. in February. In part, it is meant to take the place of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the regional trade pact that Trump withdrew from shortly after taking office.
While Japan's trade surplus with the U.S. is much smaller than China's, Trump has decried the imbalance, especially in auto exports.
Pence's advisers told reporters that he hopes to win better U.S. access to Japanese markets and to attract more Japanese investment in the U.S.
Both sides said they do not expect the talks in Tokyo this week to delve into sector-by-sector talks on trade. With no U.S. trade representative yet in office and other key negotiator positions still unfilled, such nitty-gritty discussions will have to come later.
But the meetings could indicate how forcefully the U.S. will pressure Japan to further open its farm and automotive sectors.
The loss of U.S. participation in the Trans-Pacific Partnership was a blow to Japan following strenuous negotiations, especially over opening its long-protected farm sector to more imports, especially of dairy and meat products.
Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told reporters over the weekend that Japan might push ahead with a revised, 11-nation version of the TPP despite the U.S. rejection of the trade accord.
For now, both sides seem eager to downplay potential for conflict.
"My understanding is that our talks are premised not on friction but on cooperation," Aso told reporters before Pence's arrival.
As Indiana governor, Pence saw firsthand the impact of Japanese automakers Toyota, Honda and Subaru, whose factories employ thousands of people in his home state.
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, who met with Japan's trade minister, Hiroshige Seko, earlier Tuesday, said he hopes to soon begin talks on a free trade agreement with Japan.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump has yet to nominate the State Department official who oversees diplomatic security abroad — despite having made the 2012 Benghazi attacks a centerpiece of his campaign against Hillary Clinton.
Congressional Democrats say it’s a striking omission that shows Trump’s campaign rhetoric was just that. And even some Republicans are urging Trump to move faster to fill this and other key State Department posts.
Story Continued Below
"The State Department has security professionals who are up to the job, but we do need all hands on deck given the many evolving threats we face,” said Rep. Ed Royce of California, the Republican chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee. “I hope a nominee for assistant secretary will be put forward soon.”
Royce’s Democratic counterpart on the Foreign Affairs panel, Rep. Eliot Engel of New York, said Trump’s failure to nominate an assistant secretary of state for diplomatic security shows the Republican focus on Benghazi was “a bunch of political cheap talk” designed to tarnish Clinton’s reputation.
Democrats attributed the lack of a nominee to two factors: the administration’s overall slow pace of making appointments for senior jobs at federal agencies, especially the State Department, and Trump’s decision to prioritize hiring at the Defense Department over State.
“Unfortunately,” Engel said, “I think it’s indicative of the low priority that Trump and the administration are placing on diplomacy or anything to do with the State Department.”
Trump has made just two nominations for senior management posts at the State Department, not including ambassadorships. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was confirmed by the Senate in February, and Trump tapped John Sullivan to be Tillerson’s deputy last week.
More than three dozen State Department leadership jobs remain unfilled, according to a tracker maintained by The Washington Post and the Partnership for Public Service — with hundreds of jobs requiring Senate confirmation sitting vacant across the federal government.
A White House spokesman said career professionals are fulfilling positions as needed on an acting basis and cited "a deep bench" at the State Department.
"We are working closely with Secretary Tillerson to finalize additional State Department appointments, which are being filled in order of seniority," the spokesman added. "That process is ongoing and subjects candidates to rigorous and lengthy vetting procedures."
During the campaign, Trump repeatedly seized on the attacks on U.S. facilities in Benghazi, Libya, to skewer the former secretary of state, often while referring to Chris Stevens, the U.S. ambassador to Libya who was killed.
Clinton’s “decisions spread death, destruction and terrorism everywhere she touched,” Trump said in a speech in New York City last summer. “Among the victims is our late ambassador, Chris Stevens. He was left helpless to die as Hillary Clinton soundly slept in her bed — that's right, when the phone rang at 3 o'clock in the morning, she was sleeping.”
“Ambassador Stevens and his staff in Libya made hundreds of requests for security,” Trump continued. “Hillary Clinton’s State Department refused them all."
Trump also invited the mother of one of the Americans killed in the attacks to be his guest at his third debate against Clinton.
Congressional Republicans also seized on the Benghazi attacks as a way to damage Clinton, launching multiple investigations, including one conducted by a House select committee chaired by Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-S.C.). Gowdy’s office did not respond to requests for comment.
The select committee’s final report, released last July, recommended among other things that “diplomatic security personnel and or security protection specialists should maintain a state of readiness to counter potential attacks at all times in high threat environments.”
In 11 hours of testimony before Gowdy’s panel in 2015, Clinton dismissed allegations that her actions had led to Stevens’ death, even as they remained “personally painful.”
“It has been rejected and disproven by nonpartisan, dispassionate investigators but nevertheless, having it continued to be bandied around is deeply distressing to me,” she said. “I would imagine I've thought more about what happened than all of you put together. I’ve lost more sleep than all of you put together."
The department’s Bureau of Diplomatic Security is tasked with protecting U.S. embassies and other diplomatic facilities in more than 160 foreign countries to provide "a safe and secure environment for the conduct of U.S. foreign policy," according to the bureau's website.
In 2015, there were 22 “significant attacks” against U.S. diplomatic facilities around the world, according to the latest data released by the State Department, including when then-ambassador to South Korea Mark Lippert was attacked by a knife-wielding pro-North Korean activist.
Trump has proposed slashing the State Department’s budget, but embassy security would be spared.
The White House spokesman said the president’s budget blueprint for next year is consistent with the Benghazi Accountability Review Board’s recommendation and would provide $2.2 billion toward new embassy construction and maintenance in 2018.
President Barack Obama’s assistant secretary of state for diplomatic security, Gregory Starr, stepped down when Trump became president on Jan. 20. The Bureau of Diplomatic Security has since been run on an acting basis by Bill Miller, a career diplomat who has been part of the State Department's Diplomatic Security Service since 1987.
Having the bureau run by an acting official, rather than someone nominated by the president and confirmed by the Senate, could create “unacceptable risks,” according to a senior Democratic Senate aide.
"An acting official, no matter how capable and talented, lacks the bureaucratic and policy throw-weight necessary to elevate an issue, generate new options, or drive a decision,” said the aide, who spoke on the condition of anonymity.
Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) said “the safety and security of U.S. personnel overseas remains our highest priority,” while encouraging Trump to move quickly to name someone to oversee the bureau. 
“We expect a number of nominations for the department in the coming days, and we hope the administration will prioritize naming a permanent head of the bureau as soon as possible,” Corker said.
Meanwhile, Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, said it was “inappropriate” that Trump had not nominated someone to run the bureau, given his focus on Benghazi during the campaign.
“I guess we should all be immune to hypocrisy in politics at some point,” Warner said. “But I just continue to worry, not only in terms of this position, but most of the agencies are just empty at this point because they've not put people up.”



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump congratulated Turkish leader Recep Tayyip Erdogan on Monday on the country’s recent referendum granting Erdogan sweeping new powers, according to a White House readout of the call. 
The call came after the State Department took a different, tougher tack that appeared to show qualms about the legitimacy of the vote. Trump’s call also seemed to contradict a White House spokesman who earlier in the day said the administration wanted to wait and see what election monitors learned about the vote. 
Story Continued Below
The differing statements underscored the continuing difficulty facing the Trump administration in managing its foreign policy messaging. It also underscored the tricky nature of U.S. relations with Turkey, a critical NATO ally whose leader has shown autocratic tendencies.
"President Donald J. Trump spoke today with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey to congratulate him on his recent referendum victory and to discuss the United States’ action in response to the Syrian regime’s use of chemical weapons on April 4th," the White House said in the readout statement Monday, adding that the president had thanked Erdogan for his support of Trump's recent military action in Syria.
The White House said Trump and Erdogan also discussed counterterrorism tactics and "the need to cooperate against all groups that use terrorism to achieve their ends." The Turkish government confirmed the conversation in a statement Monday.
Erdogan's historic constitutional referendum claimed victory Sunday by a margin of 51.4 percent to 48.6 percent. It serves to drastically consolidate power in the executive branch, eliminating the existing parliamentary system for a presidential model that would have him serve as both head of state and head of government.
Erdogan's expansion of powers has faced criticism within Turkey and internationally, with opposition leaders and global watchdogs alike alleging voting irregularities in the process.
The White House's congratulatory tone made no mention of alleged voting irregularities in the Turkish referendum — a distinct contrast with the State Department. Acting State Department spokesperson Mark Toner pointed to a report by the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe detailing an "unlevel playing field" in the Turkish campaign as a potential issue in assessing the referendum.
"Democracies gain strength through respect for diverse points of view, especially on difficult issues," Toner said. "We thank the OSCE Referendum Observation Mission for its important work and note the concerns detailed in its preliminary assessment of the conduct of the vote and campaign. Those concerns include observed irregularities on voting day and an uneven playing field during the difficult campaign period, which took place under a state of emergency."
Toner added that the U.S. government was looking “to the government of Turkey to protect the fundamental rights and freedoms of all its citizens — regardless of their vote on April 16 — as guaranteed by the Turkish constitution and in accordance with Turkey’s international commitments, such as under the Helsinki Charter.”
Earlier in the day, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said the White House wanted to see what international election monitors had to say about the vote. 
“I think we’d rather not get ahead of that report and start to make decisions without knowing. There were observers there, as they routinely are, and I’d rather wait and see,” Spicer said.
It was not entirely clear why, despite Spicer's statement, the White House later released word of Trump congratulating Erdogan.
Trump’s tone also contrasted with that of other world leaders, including German Chancellor Angela Merkel, who was cooler, by comparison, in a joint statement with Germany’s foreign minister. 
They noted the “tight referendum results show how deeply divided Turkish society is” and called on Erdogan to take responsibility for all citizens.
Nahal Toosi and Matthew Nussbaum contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
The White House was forced Monday to defend its controversial positions to keep its visitor logs secret and President Donald Trump’s tax returns private.
Despite marches across the country last weekend aimed at pressuring Trump to release more information about his taxes, press secretary Sean Spicer maintained that the White House will not unveil the president's returns while he is under audit by the Internal Revenue Service.
Story Continued Below
And under fire over the White House’s decision Friday to buck Barack Obama’s precedent by withholding visitor logs, Spicer said the prior administration was the one with a transparency issue.
The Obama White House shared logs of nearly 6 million visitors, but it withheld names of people it believed were sensitive or personal visitors of the first family.
“Frankly, the faux attempt that the Obama administration put out where they would scrub who they didn’t want put out didn’t serve anyone well,” Spicer told reporters Monday. "It’s not really being transparent when you scrub out the names of the people that you don’t want anyone to know were here.”
The decision not to voluntarily release the logs means Americans won't see who visits the president until at least five years after he leaves office, and it prompted quick pushback from open-government advocates. But after Trump won the presidency without releasing tax returns, as major candidates have done for decades, the White House appears to be attempting to wait out the critics who want more insight into Trump's finances and schedule.
“This is not a transparent White House,” Richard Painter, President George W. Bush’s chief White House ethics lawyer, told POLITICO. “He’s nowhere near as transparent as Obama because you don’t have the visitor log, you don’t have the president’s tax return — you don’t have a lot of information."
Painter said he considered Bush more transparent than Trump too because, while his White House did not release visitor logs, his tax returns were public.
Spicer framed the visitor logs decision as a return to the pre-Obama policy and no different than the protocol for lobbyists and others who visit members of Congress.
“You guys are gonna always want more," he said of reporters. "And I think that we’ve tried to do what we can to get you that information."
Critics of the administration say that without Trump's tax returns, Americans have an incomplete view of his wealth and debts. The New York Times reported in October that the real estate mogul had written off a loss of nearly $1 billion on his 1995 tax returns, allowing him to potentially avoid paying federal income taxes for years. When MSNBC host Rachel Maddow obtained Trump’s 2005 tax returns last month, the White House acknowledged that the president paid $38 million in federal income taxes that year. 
Trump repeatedly has refused to disclose his tax returns, citing what he says is an ongoing IRS audit. Spicer said Monday the president’s 2016 returns are under audit, too. 
As USA Today reported last week, the president and vice president's tax returns are automatically audited every year. The IRS has said an audit does not bar a taxpayer from choosing to release his or her tax returns.
“It’s the same thing that was discussed during the campaign trail. The president is under audit,” Spicer told reporters. “It’s a routine one. It continues. And I think that the American public know clearly where he stands.”
Trump dismissed the tax marches Sunday, tweeting that “[s]omeone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday.” 
Asked whether the administration would adopt the position that Trump will never release his tax returns, Spicer didn't have an answer.
“We’ll have to get back to you on that,” he said.
Spicer said the White House keeps the media abreast of the president's activities. Reporters travel with Trump on Air Force One, after flying separately during the 2016 campaign. Members of the media also are given brief access to photograph many of Trump's meetings, and he holds news conferences when major foreign leaders visit. 
Still, the White House often does not confirm details such as whether Trump is playing golf when he travels to the Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida. Spicer said Trump is “entitled” to family and private time.
“I think we’ve done a fairly good job of making sure that people know who he’s meeting with, who he’s speaking to and, when appropriate, the contents of those calls,” Spicer said. 
But even those readouts have come under scrutiny lately. Last week, the White House released a two-sentence, 28-word statement describing Trump’s call with Chinese President Xi Jinping.
Beijing provided its reporters a 420-word run-down of the conversation. Washington's release was blunter: “It was a very productive call.”



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump has tangled with House Freedom Caucus members opposed to his health plan, with Democrats eager to see him flop and with foreign leaders skeptical he has the chops to be a commander in chief.
But there’s one group that really gets under his skin — protesters.
Story Continued Below
The latest flare-up came this past weekend, when Trump’s motorcade took an unexpected detour on Saturday as he returned to his Mar-a-Lago resort from the Trump International Golf Club. The longer route bypassed a throng of protesters, participating in a nationwide demonstration calling for Trump to release his tax returns, as past presidents have done. 
The president also vented on Twitter. 
“I did what was an almost an impossible thing to do for a Republican-easily won the Electoral College! Now Tax Returns are brought up again?” Trump wrote on Twitter Sunday after Saturday’s tax marches. “Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. The election is over!” 
For all the pleasure the president takes in the adulation of massive crowds, he seems to take special umbrage with mass demonstrators who oppose his agenda. President Lyndon B. Johnson may have been quietly pained by chants outside the White House of “Hey, hey, LBJ, how many kids did you kill today?” and Ronald Reagan may have once lost his cool with a heckler (“Oh shut up,” the Gipper said, drawing cheers from the crowd and silencing the interrupter), but Trump appears to be unique among modern presidents for just how clearly he wears his disdain for protesters.
Administration officials used to Trump’s Twitter riffs — which have at turns included accusations that President Barack Obama illegally wiretapped him and evidence-free allegations of massive voter fraud — try to brush off the president’s reactions to protests.
“I don’t think there was much consternation” about the tax march tweets, said one administration official who spoke on the condition of anonymity.
“There are bigger battles for us to fight right now,” the official added. 
Trump’s campaign rallies often drew protesters, who clashed — sometimes violently — with the real estate mogul’s hard-core supporters. They also often caught flak from the candidate himself, with Trump often yelling, “Get ‘em out of here,” and offering on at least one occasion to bankroll legal bills for attendees who confronted the protesters.
Even with Trump in the White House, he hasn’t eased up.
“Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! Why didn't these people vote? Celebs hurt cause badly,” Trump wrote about the massive Women’s Marches that took place the day after his inauguration, referencing the fact that prominent celebrities spoke at a handful of the events.
Kellyanne Conway, who managed Trump’s campaign and now serves in the White House, on Monday explained the president’s frustration with demonstrators and placed blame on Democrats for not discouraging the protests.
"I would love to hear the new DNC chairman, Tom Perez, Bernie Sanders, the Democratic senator from Vermont, who are going out on the road starting today, and I would love to hear Hillary Clinton, who lost to Donald Trump handily. I would love to hear them come forward as leaders of the Democratic Party and tell the people to stop,” Conway told "Fox & Friends." “They have a right to express their first amendment beliefs but at the same time, violence is not going to get us anywhere.” 
The vast majority of anti-Trump protests have been conducted peacefully, but there were 21 arrests at a Berkeley, California, event over the weekend when protesters and Trump supporters clashed in the streets. Focusing on instances of protester violence and suggesting without evidence that the protesters are paid has become part of the GOP playbook in responding to recent demonstrations, which have popped up frequently ever since Trump’s election.
Trump’s griping started soon after the polls closed, with him taking to Twitter on Nov. 10 — two days after the election — to dismiss demonstrators as “professional protesters, incited by the media.”
“Very unfair!” he added.
Trump also went after protesters in early February after demonstrations at the University of California at Berkeley turned violent, prompting the cancellation of a speaking event featuring the controversial Breitbart writer Milo Yiannopoulos. “Professional anarchists, thugs and paid protesters are proving the point of the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!” Trump wrote on Twitter.
And a trip to a Harley-Davidson plant in Wisconsin that was scheduled for early February was yanked, with some reports citing concerns about a swarm of protests.
Trump has tempered his overt dislike for protests only occasionally, usually soon after belittling demonstrators. He praised those same post-election protesters for their “passion for our great country” the day after calling them paid, and he lauded protests as “a hallmark of our democracy” the same day he dismissed the Women’s March.
For Trump’s antagonists, irking the commander in chief is an added bonus to protesting.
“The reality is that a majority of the country opposed Trump on Election Day and continue to oppose Trump,” Neera Tanden, the president of the leading liberal think tank Center for American Progress, said in an interview. 
Part of the problem for Trump, Tanden said, is fixation on crowd size, especially during the campaign. She admits that Trump in many ways turned out to be right during the presidential race in using crowd size as a barometer for enthusiasm. But now that same calculus works against him.
“People are more motivated than I’ve ever seen them,” Tanden said. And Trump’s complaining about protesters, Tanden said, “prods people to protest more.” 
“It strengthens the resolve,” she added.



ARTICLE
A white nationalist leader accused of assaulting a young African-American woman at a Donald Trump campaign rally filed a countersuit on Monday claiming the president directed him and other supporters to remove protesters.
Matthew Heimbach claims in his federal court filing that he “acted pursuant to the directives and requests of Donald J. Trump and Donald J. Trump for President” and that, if he’s found liable for damages, “any liability must be shifted to one or both of them.”
Story Continued Below
The legal fight stems from a March 2016 rally in Louisville, Kentucky, at which protesters were allegedly roughed up and ejected by Trump supporters after the then-candidate barked from the stage “get ’em out of here!”
The protesters filed civil assault and battery claims against Heimbach and two other Trump supporters and accused Trump of inciting his supporters.
Heimbach, a leader of the white supremacist Traditionalist Youth Network and a vocal Trump supporter during the campaign, can be seen in video from the Louisville rally pushing and screaming at a young African-American woman as Trump bellows “get out!”
The woman, Kashiya Nwanguma, joined two other protesters in filing the lawsuit against Heimbach, the two other Trump supporters, Trump and his campaign.
Heimbach, who is representing himself in the case, did not answer a phone call Monday afternoon, nor did he respond to an email message seeking comment.
The White House press office did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
In Heimbach’s Monday filing, he “denies physically assaulting” any protesters. But he also levies blame at the protesters, writing that they “provoked a response” by trying “to disrupt a free assembly and campaign event and to infringe rights of the defendants and other attendees to freedom of speech, freedom of assembly, freedom to vote and other constitutional rights.”
He writes that he “acted, if at all, in self defense,” as well as “in reasonable defense of others,” while also contending he was acting at Trump’s instruction.
Noting that Trump is “a world famous businessman” who “relies on various professionals including attorneys and other professional advisors,” Heimbach writes that he "relied on Trump’s reputation and expertise in doing the things alleged." Heimbach writes that he relied on Trump’s authority to order disruptive persons removed and that Trump was legally within his rights to ask other attendees to assist in defending their constitutional rights "against ‘protesters’ who were disrupting.”
Heimbach’s motion mirrors one filed Friday afternoon by another protester accused of assault in the lawsuit, Alvin Bamberger, a member of the Korean War Veterans Association who also was captured on video pushing Nwanguma.
While Bamberger’s lawyers in their filing said their client “admits only that he touched a woman,” he “denies that he assaulted that woman.”
But Bamberger’s lawyers stressed that “to the extent that Bamberger acted, he did so in response to — and inspired by — Trump and/or the Trump Campaign’s urging to remove the protesters.” They added that Bamberger “had no prior intention to act as he did” and “would not have acted as he did without Trump and/or the Trump Campaign’s specific urging and inspiration.”
The filings by Bamberger and Heimbach would seem to buttress the protesters’ claim that Trump was whipping up his supporters to act against the protesters, and to rebut a claim by Trump’s lawyers that his calls to “get ‘em out of here” were directed at his security, not at his supporters.
Trump’s lawyers also have argued that his calls were protected by the First Amendment, but the federal judge hearing the case in a ruling late last month rejected that argument, as well as the claim that Trump didn’t intend for his supporters to use force.
Trump’s lawyers in a Friday afternoon federal filing added a new defense — that he cannot be sued for inciting his supporters to hurt protesters because, as the president of the United States of America, he is immune from civil lawsuits.
Trump’s lawyers have asked for a jury trial in the case, which is one of at least two winding their way through federal courts brought by protesters who allege they were roughed up by Trump supporters.



ARTICLE
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin acknowledged Monday that getting tax reform legislation to President Donald Trump by August is unlikely.
Mnuchin told the Financial Times that the timeline is “highly aggressive to not realistic at this point.” He had been the first administration official to predict August passage, which was widely considered unrealistic given the complexities and politics involved.
Story Continued Below
“It is fair to say it is probably delayed a bit because of the health care” maneuvering, Mnuchin said in the interview. He said he still expects tax reform to get done in 2017.
Mnuchin didn’t take firm stances on two contentious issues: border adjustability — which would tax imports but not exports — and whether the tax reform plan would add to the deficit.
He said the administration is looking at other ways to raise the $1 trillion that border adjustability is intended to generate to fund tax cuts, but added, “That is not to say we have taken it off the table."
Asked whether the plan would grow the deficit, Mnuchin repeated Trump’s prediction that a tax overhaul would unleash massive economic growth.
“Economic growth creates lots of revenues,” he told the Financial Times. “When you calculate whether it is deficit-neutral or not, there are a bunch of different calculations and a bunch of models. I am just pointing out the magnitude of what economic growth does.”



ARTICLE
Eric Trump defended his father’s frequent rounds of golf in an interview published Monday, saying the sport was a tool for the president to conduct diplomacy.
“You can sit with somebody in a golf cart where there might be cultural differences and language barriers and have a good time and build a friendship in a way that you could never do sitting across an office table from someone,” President Donald Trump’s second son told the Irish Independent newspaper when asked about the estimated 16 rounds his father has played since the inauguration. The White House does not always confirm when the president plays golf.
Story Continued Below
Eric Trump dubbed the Trump-owned Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida “my father’s Crawford, Texas,” in reference to former President George W. Bush’s ranch.
“Mar-a-Lago is an amazing estate that has been a very effective tool for [my father] to go down and get to know somebody while not sitting ... across a wooden partition, which instantly makes a relationship more strenuous," Eric Trump said.
Since assuming the presidency, Donald Trump has hosted world leaders including Japan’s prime minister, Shinzo Abe, and China’s president, Xi Jinping, at Mar-a-Lago. 
The weekends in Florida have attracted criticism from opponents who say he is spending too much time on the golf course and spending too much taxpayer money to do it.



ARTICLE
White House press secretary Sean Spicer on Monday defended the decision to reverse an Obama-era policy of releasing visitor logs, saying the move will put President Donald Trump’s administration in line with all except the most recent of its predecessors. He also knocked the Obama administration for what he called a “faux attempt” at transparency.
When the Trump administration initially announced last Friday that it would not release a log of visitors to the White House, reversing a practice begun by former President Barack Obama, White House communications director Michael Dubke said the move would protect the nation’s national security interests as well as the privacy of those visiting the Trump administration.
Story Continued Below
But on Monday, Spicer characterized the decision as a return to earlier precedent after Obama’s White House promised transparency but failed to deliver. He did not bring up the national security explanation.
“It's the same policy that every administration had up until the Obama administration,” Spicer said. “And frankly, the faux attempt that the Obama administration put out, where they would scrub who they didn't want put out, didn't serve anyone well.”
During the Obama administration, the White House released logs listing nearly 6 million visitors, a practice that did not prompt any apparent national security concerns. And after Trump spent months campaigning on a pledge to “drain the swamp” of Washington corruption and heavily criticizing the capital’s culture of lobbying and the revolving door between government work and the private sector, his administration’s about-face on visitor logs drew heavy criticism from transparency advocates.
Spicer defended the overall White House record on transparency, arguing to reporters that the press pool is given significant access as well as lists of attendees at major meetings. He said the decision not to release visitor logs allows individuals to visit the White House with the same level of privacy as those visiting members of Congress.
“The president wants to make sure that people can come, in the same way they can go into members of Congress’ office, provide information and details,” he said. “We recognize that there's a privacy aspect to allowing citizens to come express their views.”



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump's tax returns are still under audit, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Monday.
Protesters across the country marched over the weekend to push Trump to release his taxes as Tax Day approaches. Trump acknowledged the protests with a tweet Sunday, hinting that what he dismissed as “small organized rallies” were paid to occur.
Story Continued Below
Spicer told reporters Monday that Trump would not be releasing his 2016 returns because he is still under audit.
“I think it’s been covered before. It’s the same thing that was discussed during the campaign trail,” Spicer said. “The president is under audit. It’s a routine one. It continues. And I think that the American public know clearly where he stands. This was something that he made very clear during the election cycle.”
Trump broke decades of precedent by refusing to disclose his tax returns, citing an ongoing audit. According to the IRS, however, an audit wouldn’t bar a taxpayer from releasing his or her tax returns.
Spicer, nevertheless, suggested that the American people understand how successful Trump has been and how much he’s paid in taxes, based on documents that have leaked in the past year.
“We’re under the same audit that existed, and so nothing has changed,” Spicer said. “I think the president’s view on this has been very clear from the campaign, and the American people understood it when they elected him in November.”
Pressed on whether it’s time to say once and for all that Trump will never make his tax returns public, Spicer wouldn’t say. “We’ll have to get back to you on that,” he said. “He is still under audit. The statement still stands.”



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump continues to lag his predecessors in public approval and his unpopularity appears to be trickling down to other Republicans in Washington.
Trump’s approval rating, according to a new Pew Research Center survey released Monday, is 39 percent — precisely the same as two months ago. The percentage of Americans who disapprove of Trump is virtually unchanged: 54 percent, compared to 56 percent in February.
Story Continued Below
Forty-four percent of Americans disapprove of Trump very strongly, according to the poll conducted April 5-11, more than the 30 percent who approve very strongly.
The most profound shifts in the Pew survey are in Americans’ perceptions of the GOP beyond Trump. Just 40 percent of Americans have a favorable opinion of the Republican Party, down from 47 percent in January, prior to Trump’s inauguration.
The Democratic Party, however, isn't faring dramatically better — views of the Democratic Party also ticked down from 51 percent in January to 45 percent now.
On the issues, Americans trust Republicans over Democrats on dealing with the threat of terrorism by a 12-point margin, 48 percent to 36 percent. The GOP also has a 5-point edge on gun policy, 46 percent to 41 percent.
Americans are more evenly divided on the economy and trade, with Republicans holding 3-point advantages on each, and on taxes. But more Americans think Democrats would do a better job on a number of other issues, including some that were previously GOP strengths.
By an 8-point margin, Americans say Democrats better represent their views on government spending, 48 percent to 40 percent. In January 2013, just days after lawmakers avoided the so-called “fiscal cliff” by passing spending and taxation provisions, Republicans held a 6-point advantage on this question.
Americans now trust Democrats over Republicans when it comes to dealing with immigration, 50 percent to 39 percent. In nine separate Pew surveys conducted over the course of Barack Obama’s second term as president, the two parties were never separated by more than 2 points on this question.
On foreign policy, Americans have shifted drastically toward Democrats: Forty-nine percent say the party would do a better job, compared with 36 percent who trust the GOP more. But last April, more Americans trusted Republicans (46 percent) than Democrats (38 percent).
Health care has represented the GOP’s most concerted domestic effort so far, and the poll shows little confidence in the party moving forward. A 54 percent majority says Democrats would do a better job on health care, far greater than the 35 percent who say Republicans would do a better job.
Trump struggled to unite the disparate factions among Republicans in the fight to replace the 2010 Affordable Care Act, and 68 percent of poll respondents describe the GOP as “mostly divided” on issues and its vision for the future. By comparison, 48 percent say Democrats are mostly divided.
The internecine battles have also taken a toll on House Speaker Paul Ryan’s popularity, the poll suggests. A majority of Americans, 54 percent, disapprove of the way Ryan is handling his job, while only 29 percent approve. That puts Ryan on par with former House Speaker Nancy Pelosi; Pelosi’s low approval ratings during the first two years of Obama’s presidency resulted in successful Republican efforts to tie Democratic candidates to the unpopular speaker.
The Pew Research Center poll surveyed 1,501 adults and has a margin of error of plus or minus 2.9 percentage points.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump warned North Korea on Monday to “behave.”
North Korea showcased a batch of new missiles and launchers at its annual military parade Saturday and followed up on Sunday with an attempted missile test, which failed. 
Story Continued Below
“Gotta behave,” Trump told CNN’s Jim Acosta on Monday morning when asked at the president’s first White House Easter Egg Roll about his message for North Korea.
Trump went after North Korea in a series of tweets last week, accusing Pyongyang of “behaving very badly” and “playing” with America.
“North Korea is looking for trouble,” one post said. Subsequent tweets called North Korea a “menace” and expressed “great confidence” that China will intervene.
“If they are unable to do so, the U.S., with its allies, will!” Trump added.
His social media rhetoric, however, has escalated tensions with the saber-rattling nation. Han Song Ryol, North Korea’s vice foreign minister, told The Associated Press in an interview Friday that the president’s tweets are only adding to the “vicious cycle” of tensions on the Korean Peninsula.
“Trump is always making provocations with his aggressive words,” Han said, labeling the Trump administration “more vicious and more aggressive” than his predecessor’s. Han added that Pyongyang will continue fortifying its nuclear arsenal and is ready for war, if that’s what Trump chooses.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump relied on a very different type of star power for his inaugural White House Easter Egg Roll — his own.
Gone were chart-topping names from the Obama administration such as Ariana Grande, Justin Bieber and Beyoncé. Instead, thousands were treated to military bands and far less prominent acts, including a family band that arrived in an RV.
Story Continued Below
“I wanna thank everybody,” Trump said, greeting onlookers from the White House balcony, where he was flanked by first lady Melania Trump, their son Barron and the Easter Bunny. “This is the 139th Easter Egg Roll. Think of it — 139. It began [a] long time ago — 1878.” 
Indeed, Trump’s first egg roll marks the 139th year of the White House tradition, which dates to President Rutherford B. Hayes in 1878.
Like his inauguration, Trump’s Easter Egg Roll lacked the additional star power on display during Obama’s presidency. The president himself, however, was the star attraction (even the first lady felt it necessary to introduce herself to a crowd of children), drawing everyone’s attention as he walked onto the balcony with his family. “The president’s coming,” Attorney General Jeff Sessions said, pausing his reading of the picture book “It’s Not Easy Being a Bunny.”
Trump, whose wife nudged him to put his hand over his heart during a rendition of the national anthem, announced that he, Melania and Barron would sign cards for soldiers and join the children on an egg roll. “I don’t know if we’re gonna be successful, but I know a lot of people down there are gonna be successful. I’ve seen those kids and they’re highly, highly competitive,” he joked.
He thanked the first lady for her hard work putting the event together. “She has been working on this a long time to make it perfect, and we wanted to keep it just right,” Trump said, going on to congratulate the first lady “on this wonderful, wonderful day we’re going to have.” “Lotta people. Lotta people, and they’re gonna have a great time," he added.
Planning for the event didn’t begin in earnest until late February, with the White House ordering commemorative wooden eggs only after it was reminded to do so by a Maine-based manufacturer in a since-deleted tweet. And the White House had said the crowd would be significantly smaller than the estimated 37,000 Obama hosted last year.
Stephanie Grisham, the first lady’s communications director, told People magazine that the smaller crowd is “by design” because, in her understanding, “past years had gotten so large that children were not able to enjoy the activities.”
Melania Trump, White House press secretary Sean Spicer and Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson read picture books to children, and the White House’s egg roll Twitter account shared images of kids posing with characters such as the Easter Bunny, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and Judy Hopps and Nick Wilde, the rabbit and fox of “Zootopia.”
Unlike past years, the first lady didn’t champion a pet cause. But she did welcome everyone to the White House and thank the staff and volunteers “who worked tirelessly to ensure that you have [a] memorable experience,” as well as the military.
“This is the first time that my husband and I [are] hosting this wonderful tradition,” she said. “And it's great that you are all with us today. I hope you have a great time with many activities.”
Spicer, the 2008 Easter Bunny at President George W. Bush’s White House Easter Egg Roll, posted an image alongside this year’s Easter Bunny. He told NBC Washington it was an honor to be back, helping the first family create this experience for Americans.
As for speculation over whether he would reprise his bunny role, Spicer said he opted to go a different route. “I stuck with just an Easter tie this year,” he said.
While the event was largely a lighthearted, high-profile affair for kids, Trump made a political reference in his brief remarks.
“We will be stronger and bigger and better as a nation than ever before,” he said. “We’re right on track. You see what’s happening, and we are right on track.”
Trump’s declaration follows North Korea’s latest attempted provocation over the weekend, when it conducted a failed missile test. Han Song Ryol, North Korea’s vice foreign minister, told The Associated Press in an interview Friday that Trump’s tweets were adding to a “vicious cycle” of tensions on the Korean Peninsula.
Despite the threat of North Korea’s nuclear capability, questions about the administration's next moves in Syria and the ongoing battle against the Islamic State in the Middle East, Trump tweeted Monday that the first months of his administration has highlighted the “total failure” of President Barack Obama’s foreign policy. The president was apparently roughly quoting conservative author Michael Knowles, who appeared on “Fox and Friends” sharing a similar sentiment.
He later told a CNN reporter that North Korea has “gotta behave.”



ARTICLE
Throughout his presidential campaign, Donald Trump repeatedly declared that “the last thing we need is another Bush,” as he vowed to take on two political dynasties — the Bushes and the Clintons.
But as president, Trump has been increasingly dipping into the talent pool from the George W. Bush administration that he regularly vilified during the campaign to now fill critical administration posts. 
Story Continued Below
Trump promised to drain the swamp and rely on Washington outsiders, but nearly 100 days into his term, the staffing and political realities have set in, and his team has been turning to some of the top old hands of the Bush administration. 
Just this past week, the White House sent out a news release, announcing the nomination of four confirmation-level hires, with half being former Bush administration staffers. 
Marshall Billingslea, a Bush State Department and Pentagon alumni, was nominated to be assistant secretary for terrorist financing in the Department of the Treasury; and John J. Sullivan, who served in senior posts in the Justice, Defense and Commerce Departments during the Bush administration, was nominated to be deputy secretary of state. 
Those nominations are in addition to earlier waves of appointments of Bush-era officials, including high-profile aides such as Dina Powell, who now serves as national security adviser H.R. McMaster’s No. 2.
Seven sources involved in the staffing process, including two administration sources, have said there's been a concerted outreach to some old Bush hands to serve as the "adults" at some of the top agencies. Their appeal is that they likely can be confirmed quickly through the Senate in key posts like deputy secretary, undersecretary and assistant secretary positions. 
Those involved said there has been varying levels of resistance from the Bush veterans despite the outreach, as they decide whether it’s more important to help a relatively inexperienced president than to harbor grudges about Trump’s scorched-earth campaign. There's also a risk that a heavy presence of Bush officials in Trump's administration could turn off the president's base of supporters, who revel in his outsider reputation and are already wary of Trump's recent tack away from some populist stances.
One senior administration official said the percolation of Bush alumni is partly due to the administration's frustration with the slow hiring and confirmation process. Some rushed appointments during the transition were done without proper vetting which resulted in the withdrawal of the nomination of Labor Secretary nominee Andy Puzder and Army Secretary nominee Vincent Viola. 
Since the early embarrassments, vetting procedures have been tightened up, but the extra scrutiny has slowed the nomination process, frustrating many staffers in federal agencies who are still left dealing with Trump’s beachhead teams, the official said. According to the Partnership for Public Service, Trump still needs to nominate 475 of the 554 key positions that require Senate confirmation. 
"It's not a big secret that the administration has been working hard to get staffed up, and the biggest natural pool of available talent willing to serve the country also served in the prior administration," said Phil Musser, who served as deputy chief of staff and senior policy adviser in the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development under the George W. Bush administration. 
"The bottom line is that you need experienced hands in the boiler rooms of the agencies. ... Personnel ultimately is policy, and the administration is wise to rely on a stable of experienced hands, irrespective of what their position was during the campaign,” added Musser, who has been a political adviser to Vice President Mike Pence but has not formally joined the administration.
The White House did not comment about the influx of Bush-era officials.
Many Republicans have been waiting in the wings for eight years for another GOP administration, especially those who served in more junior roles in the Bush administration. An administration job typically has huge cachet in Washington, but for the Trump administration, the pool of Bush officials who are willing to serve is relatively small. 
Trump's harsh words against George W. Bush and his decision to go into Iraq — not to mention Trump’s attacks on his brother Jeb Bush — turned off many of these potential candidates. The administration's requirement that job candidates must have never been against Trump makes the pool even smaller. A big chunk of the Republican national secretary community under Bush signed "Never Trump" letters which automatically disqualifies any candidate. 
Eliot A. Cohen, a State Department counselor during the Bush administration, briefly helped to recruit talent for the Trump administration until he was turned off by their resistance to talented "Never Trumpers." He predicted that more Bush alumni will feel comfortable coming into the administration if it continues to shift to the conservative mainstream, which has accelerated over the past couple weeks as Trump bombed Syria, embraced NATO and abandoned his plans to name China a currency manipulator.
Cohen said some Bush veterans see the marginalization of chief strategist and populist hero Steve Bannon as a sign that it's safe to work for Trump. "As the administration is looking a bit more normalish, there will be more people who will be willing to go in," he said. 
"What would be transformative would be if Bannon quits or is fired. I think that would be an indication that it will be somewhere closer to a Republican establishment administration. That will change a lot of people's attitudes,” Cohen added. 
While Trump mostly filled his Cabinet with Washington outsiders, he has already tapped a handful of high-profile Bush acolytes.
Elaine Chao, who served as labor secretary under Bush, was picked to be transportation secretary. And Brian McCormack, a notable Bush alumnus who maintains a listserv to connect former Bush staffers, is chief of staff to Energy Secretary Rick Perry.
The Bush administration has not just permeated the agencies, but the upper echelons of the White House. White House press secretary Sean Spicer served as assistant for media and public affairs at the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative during the Bush years, while Sarah Huckabee Sanders, deputy White House press secretary, was a regional liaison for congressional affairs at the Department of Education during the administration.
Meanwhile, Powell, Trump’s senior economics and deputy national security adviser who previously served as assistant to the president for presidential personnel in the Bush White House, has been credited with bringing Bush alumni Ashley Hickey Marquis and Jeremy Katz into the National Economic Council. 
Joe Hagin, who served as deputy chief of staff for operations under Bush, has picked up the same job in the Trump White House. 
Some loyalists see Trump's reliance on old Bush hands as a sign that the establishment is slowly getting its grip on the administration. Part of Trump's appeal on the campaign trail was his constant bashing of the Bush administration and the Republican establishment. 
“Agency jobs are different — you need people with the proper experience. The White House is where it’s problematic," said Sam Nunberg, former campaign adviser. "Those are all people who wanted President Trump out of the primary the day he announced." 
“The Bushies will have no problem drowning the Trump presidency in the swamp,” he added.
CORRECTION: An earlier version of this story identified Gilbert B. Kaplan as a Bush official. He served in the Reagan administration, not the Bush administration. 



ARTICLE
Last year’s White House Easter Egg Roll featured a surprise visit from Beyoncé; athletes from the NBA and Washington Redskins; and a performance by actress and singer Idina Menzel, the voice behind that catchy song from the movie “Frozen.”
This year, the big act for the Trump administration is the Martin Family Circus, a six-person family band from Nashville that’s driving up to D.C. for the annual event in an RV.
Story Continued Below
President Donald Trump spent weeks comparing the size of his inauguration crowds to President Barack Obama’s, yet for the White House’s first big public event — the Easter Egg Roll — officials have gone out of their way to lower expectations. 
While last year’s crowd was estimated at about 37,000 people, press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters that only 21,000 are expected on Monday — though the White House has ordered 18,000 eggs, “in line with past years,” according to Spicer, who participated in the event as the Easter Bunny in 2008.
“The focus this year is on the quality of the children’s experience,” said Stephanie Grisham, a White House spokeswoman who recently became the first lady’s communications director, when asked about plans for the event.
Three people familiar with the effort say that planning for the egg roll didn’t begin in earnest until late February, when the White House placed its order for commemorative wooden eggs — a step taken only after the Maine-based manufacturer, Wells Wood Turning, posted a plaintive message on Twitter warning that its Easter deadlines were approaching and asking the White House to “please reach out.” (The post has since been deleted.)
The Easter Egg Roll may seem to be the least of the new administration’s problems as it tries to simultaneously tackle health care, immigration, taxes and a simmering war in Syria.
But the event, traditionally held the Monday following Easter, has always played a major part in the lore of the White House. Dating back to 1876, it’s the largest open event on the grounds, which were closed to the public during World War II.
Lawmakers receive tickets that they, in turn, can dole out to supporters and constituents. Spicer said tickets have been distributed to schools and childrens’ hospitals. The White House also ran a lottery for public tickets, first instituted under Obama in 2009, allowing people from around the country to make travel plans to come to D.C. to attend.
Frequently, the first lady uses it as a platform to tout her pet cause — be it exercise and healthy eating, literacy or support for military families. It’s unclear whether Melania Trump will highlight a specific theme this year.
“We would really like the event to speak for itself,” Grisham said when asked basic questions about the number of tickets distributed, or the size of the crowd expected.
The Obama administration started planning its first Easter Egg Roll during the presidential transition in 2008, according to Ellie Schafer, special assistant to the president under Obama and former director of the White House Visitors Office. At the time, the new administration was also dealing with the financial crisis and negotiating the stimulus package.
Schafer said that in January and February she fielded calls from past vendors, volunteers, partners, schools, even a port-a-potty company. “I had a lot of people reaching out to me wondering what was happening,” she said. “I know there was a lot of anxiety.”
Even the arranging of the musical talent has been a hasty affair.
The White House did not reach out to the Martin Family Circus about the possibility of performing until three or four weeks ago and was still nailing down the details, six days before the event. The Martins still had not figured out where they would stay or park their van, or how many sets they would play. “I get the impression that things will continue to change up to the day of,” said Paul Martin, one of the leaders and the dad of the band. “We’ll just be along for the ride.”
Part of the delay may have come from the late appointment of Lindsay Reynolds as Melania Trump’s chief of staff. The administration did not name Reynolds to the post until early February, and she is now playing an integral role in the planning. She’s an Easter Egg Roll pro, having helped to run the event under President George W. Bush as the former associate director of the White House Visitors Office. Reynolds did not respond to a request for comment.
So far, the forecast calls for a sunny, 75-degree spring day. A person briefed on the White House’s plans said: “Luckily for them, Easter did not come as early this year, so they got a little break on that.”



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump has increasingly infused references to God into his prepared remarks — calling on God to bless all the world after launching strikes in Syria, asking God to bless the newest Supreme Court justice, invoking the Lord to argue in favor of a war on opioids.
He's also taken other steps to further cultivate a Christian right that helped elect him, granting new levels of access to Christian media and pushing socially conservative positions that don't appear to come naturally to him.
Story Continued Below
One of the first interviews Trump sat for as president was with the Christian Broadcasting Network’s David Brody.
“I’ve always felt the need to pray,” Trump said in that late-January interview. “The office is so powerful that you need God even more because your decisions are no longer, ‘Gee I’m going to build a building in New York.’ … These are questions of massive, life-and-death.” 
“There’s almost not a decision that you make when you’re sitting in this position that isn’t a really life-altering position,” Trump added. “So God comes into it even more so.” 
Language like that has the Christian conservatives who helped lift Trump to the White House nodding their heads in approval.
“I believe the weight of the office that he now holds and the burden of responsibility that it carries is humbling him somewhat and causing him to acknowledge and admit his reliance on God,” said Darrell Scott, an Ohio pastor who has known Trump for six years and supported Trump’s campaign and served on his transition team. Scott was last at the White House in February for a meeting Trump held to mark Black History Month.
But others who have long followed Trump — a businessman who was known more as a playboy than a practitioner of faith — are skeptical that the president has found religion in the Oval Office.
“Donald has never been a spiritually or religiously serious person,” said Timothy O’Brien, author of the Trump biography “TrumpNation: The Art of Being Donald.”
Gwenda Blair, author of “The Trumps: Three Generations of Builders and a President,” said: “He's a transactional guy with humans, and it's no different with God — it's all about whatever is to his advantage with regard to his supporters, and referencing God is exactly and only that.”
There’s also the question of Trump’s church attendance as president. On the morning of his inauguration, Trump and his family attended a service at St. John’s Episcopal Church near the White House and then participated in an interfaith prayer service that Saturday at the National Cathedral. He also appeared at the National Prayer Breakfast in early February. 
On Sunday, Trump went to Easter services at the Bethesda-by-the-Sea Church in Florida, where he and his wife, Melania, were married in 2015.
But there’s no public knowledge of any other church services Trump has attended, and if he has, it has been without the knowledge of White House pool reporters.
The White House did not respond to questions about whether Trump has been attending church as president. 
 Trump’s frequent invocations of God in his remarks as of late are a change from both his past life as a businessman and his time on the campaign trail. Generally, candidate Trump did not reference God during his rallies and mostly talked about religion only when asked during interviews and during a handful of speeches at faith-based events.
And some of those comments didn’t go over so well.
Trump was ridiculed during the campaign for referencing “two Corinthians” instead of “Second Corinthians” during a speech, and for explaining to conservative Christian leader Cal Thomas his enjoyment of Holy Communion by saying, “When I drink my little wine — which is about the only wine I drink — and have my little cracker, I guess that is a form of asking for forgiveness, and I do that as often as possible because I feel cleansed.”
Both O’Brien and Blair also noted that the churches to which Trump has the deepest ties are known more for their individual empowerment messages.
They pointed to Norman Vincent Peale’s influence on Trump. Trump attended Peale’s Manhattan Marble Collegiate Church with his family growing up, was married there along with both his sisters and attended the funerals of his mother and father there. Peale, author of the best-selling book “The Power of Positive Thinking,” helped lay the foundation for what would emerge as the “Prosperity Gospel” — a controversial doctrine among mainstream Christians that focuses on personal wealth and happiness.
“He hasn't budged from the first of ten rules in Norman Vincent Peale's manual, The Power of Positive Thinking, which was something of a surrogate Bible in the Trump family: ‘Formulate and stamp indelibly on your mind a mental picture of yourself as succeeding. Hold to this picture tenaciously. Never permit it to fade,’” Blair told POLITICO in an email.
“It was a big part of his life,” O’Brien said of Peale’s church and teachings. “But that wasn’t traditional religion. It was the gospel of getting ahead. … It was about how to win.” 
Trump on the campaign trail praised Peale, who died in 1993, as “the greatest guy” and “one of the greatest speakers” he’d seen. 
More recently, Trump has shown a fondness for Paula White, who served on Trump’s Evangelical Advisory Board during the campaign and delivered a prayer at his inauguration. She’s also credited with helping Trump find Jesus Christ.
White, who came to fame as a televangelist touting the prosperity gospel, is now the senior pastor of New Destiny Christian Center in Orlando. Her website describes her as “a humanitarian leader” and “a much-in-demand speaker.” White is a controversial figure among mainstream Christians and was the subject of a 2007 congressional investigation into the lavish use of church funds by some televangelists.
White’s office did not respond to POLITICO’s multiple requests for comment.
But for the Christian conservatives who helped lift Trump to the presidency, Trump’s recent public displays of faith have rung sincere. When Trump called on God to bless all the world in the wake of his strikes in Syria, Christian leaders noticed.
“I was encouraged,” said Curt Smith, a longtime spiritual adviser to Vice President Mike Pence who attended a pastors meeting in New York City with Trump during the campaign. “I think the president is learning that the weight of this office requires divine assistance.” 
Smith points to that New York meeting as a sign of Trump’s genuine comfort with the faith community.
“He was very comfortable with faith leaders,” Smith said. “He was really comfortable with our issues and ideas.” 
Scott, the Ohio pastor, also pointed to Trump’s ease among religious leaders.
“He has always had a tremendous amount of respect for men and women of faith, and that’s the one thing I found remarkable about him from the moment I met him,” Scott said. “His reverence and his respect for clergy would put a lot of my members to shame, and put a lot of practicing and so-called devout Christians to shame. … That must mean he respects God himself.” 
He pointed to a passage in 1 Corinthians, in which the apostle Paul writes: “I have become all things to all people.” 
“I believe that he has mastered that,” Scott quipped.
And just as establishment Republicans hope that Pence will be a voice for traditional conservative policies in the White House, there is the possibility, too, that Pence’s devout Christianity could have an influence on Trump.
Pence is “surely one of the most authentically religious people Trump has worked with on a daily basis,” said O’Brien, the biographer. But he was quick to add: “I doubt that Pence has converted Donald Trump religiously.” 
“I’m sure his faith is evidenced every day and in every way,” Smith said of Pence. “It’s who he is. It defines who he is as a human.”
“To be around a guy like Mike Pence … you can’t help but to be affected by his demeanor, by his spirituality,” Scott said. “You’re going to be affected by it by osmosis. He exudes a spirituality that is contagious.” 
Regardless of the scrutiny around Trump’s expressions of faith, his moves as president have won praise from conservative Christians. His Supreme Court pick, Neil Gorsuch, was hailed by conservative groups, and Trump has moved to limit the federal government’s defense of transgender rights and to tighten restrictions on abortion.
But there are apolitical aspects of Trump’s faith, too.
O’Brien recalled that when he was writing his book on Trump in the mid-2000s, he asked him one day whether he believed in God.
“Yes. There has to be a reason we are here. What are we doing? You know there is an expression: ‘Life is what you do while you’re waiting to die,’” Trump responded, according to O’Brien’s book. “There has to be a reason that we’re going through this. There has to be a reason for everything. I do believe in God. I think there just has to be something that’s far greater than us.” 



ARTICLE
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson looked like he had been cast into social Siberia.
The former ExxonMobil CEO was enjoying a martini with his wife at the BLT Prime steakhouse inside the Trump International Hotel in Washington on Feb. 25, when President Donald Trump strode in with Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner and Florida Gov. Rick Scott. Nigel Farage, the former leader of the U.K. Independence Party, happened to be at the hotel and was invited to join the president’s dinner party. Tillerson, who came over to say hello as he was leaving, was not.
Story Continued Below
Viewed as the walled-off leader of a demoralized department, Tillerson in the opening days of the Trump administration was cast as an inexperienced statesman undercut by the White House as the nation’s top diplomat, supplanted in that role by the president’s powerful son-in-law.
But over the past month, as Tillerson has taken a lead on the administration’s strategy with Syria, Russia and China, his status has shifted — and behind the scenes, he’s emerging as Trump’s favorite Cabinet secretary.
The 65-year-old self-made Texas oilman has become one of Trump’s most frequent White House guests, often joining him in the residence for one-on-one dinners, or in the presidential dining room, along with Vice President Mike Pence, for lunch.
In Trump’s 83 days as president, Tillerson has had more meetings with the president than any other Cabinet secretary, according to multiple White House aides and a review of public schedules. When Tillerson isn’t traveling abroad, the two men schedule a private dinner at least once a week.
In the month of March alone, Tillerson appeared on White House public schedules for a lunch, dinner or Oval Office meeting with Trump eight times, usually for private meetings. That tally doesn’t include his regular informal pop-ins to the White House. Tillerson typically spends unscheduled time with Trump in the Oval Office before or after National Security Council principals committee meetings, which the president does not attend.
In that same period, Trump met in the White House with another favored Cabinet member, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, just three times.
“I don’t think it’s ever been true that Tillerson had limited influence,” said Elliott Abrams, the neo-conservative veteran of two administrations who was Tillerson’s initial choice for No. 2 at the State Department, though Trump nixed his appointment. “He’s always had influence; it just wasn’t visible outside yet.”
Abrams said that Tillerson, Defense Secretary James Mattis and national security adviser H.R. McMaster have formed “a triangle of people with the greatest influence, and that probably grows now because of the Syria strike, because it was so successful in military and political terms.” And Abrams argued that while Trump’s veto of his job at State was “taken to be a slap at Tillerson, I think that was a mistake. I don’t think my situation had anything to do with the president’s view of Tillerson. They spend an awful lot of time together.”
One person close to the White House said Tillerson’s slow start is less important than his strong end to the first 100 days of the presidency. “Trump is a business guy; he judges things in quarters,” said one operative who remains close to the White House. The military strike on Syria, the operative said, “was a solid way to end the first quarter for Tillerson.”
On Wednesday, Trump watched Tillerson’s tense news conference with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov in Moscow live from his private study connected to the Oval Office, according to a White House official. Trump called his envoy afterward to let him know that he thought he did a “wonderful job” and “exuded confidence.”
And while he has been distancing himself from White House chief strategist Steve Bannon, Trump has been heaping praise on his secretary of state. “Rex is doing an outstanding job,” Trump told Fox Business News anchor Maria Bartiromo on Wednesday. “He’s got a great sense. Look, he ran ExxonMobil for many years and it was flawlessly run. … We’re proud of him.”
Every secretary of state forges a unique bond with the president he or she serves. President George W. Bush’s relationship with his first secretary of state, Colin Powell, was strained, and Powell’s stature was diminished by rival power centers in the Bush White House. Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, in contrast, was one of Bush’s closest advisers, a veteran of his father’s administration who bonded with the president over workouts and often accompanied the family on trips to Bush's Crawford, Texas, ranch.
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton shared a complicated history with her former campaign rival, President Barack Obama, but saw him at the White House almost every day she was in Washington, D.C., according to a former State Department aide. Her line about two “fierce competitors” evolving into “true friends” became part of her 2016 campaign stump speech.
Trump and Tillerson, in contrast, have no history, complicated or otherwise. They met for the first time in November.
And while their growing closeness is benefiting Tillerson’s standing internally — he’s affectionately referred to as “T-Rex” by West Wing aides — there remains a disconnect with how he’s viewed outside the White House walls.
“There is not a perception that they are very close,” said Jen Psaki, a former spokeswoman for Secretary of State John Kerry. “People want someone who has the ear of the president. Tillerson doesn’t project himself as speaking on Trump’s behalf. But they don’t seem to view public diplomacy as part of their job.”
Indeed, his former colleagues at Exxon have been shocked to see his stature seemingly reduced. “There is a pretty high degree of surprise that he does not seem to have the kind of authority that secretaries of state routinely have,” said one former Exxon official who did not want to speak on the record about the standing of his former boss. “This is not in keeping with how he ran a multinational corporation.”
In his old job, the former executive said, Tillerson would travel to Manhattan for the opening of the U.N. General Assembly to set up meetings with three or four world leaders in one place. “You can’t have a job like that without well-defined diplomatic skills, which he has,” the official said. “He seems to be operating with these shackles.”
Yet if there are shackles, they may be self-imposed. Tillerson has broken precedent by traveling abroad without a dedicated press corps aboard his plane, and prefers closed-door meetings to public events, so far. On Wednesday, he appeared outmaneuvered by Lavrov, a veteran of the world stage.
The personal relationship between a president and his secretary of state is critical to how the nation’s top surrogate abroad can perform on the job — perception of power is critical in international diplomacy, and the secretary of state is more powerful if he or she is seen by foreign leaders as being a true proxy for the president.
Internally, among Trump’s top aides, Tillerson has been given a long leash for his perplexingly quiet start. “He’s trying to produce the results first and talk about it later,” explained one top White House official of his approach. “That is an approach that the president respects and understands.”
Part of Trump’s affection for Tillerson is that he views him as a peer — someone who has been successful in business, but didn’t make his millions on Wall Street. Trump, those people said, also appreciates Tillerson’s low-key approach and avoidance of the media all together. He’s one of the only top advisers who isn’t being referred to in the media as a “shadow president,” and aides who keep a low public profile seem to rise quickly in Trump’s orbit.
He also “isn’t striving to score points in the Washington political milieu,” said Jeremy Bash, who served as chief of staff under Leon Panetta at the Defense Department and then at the CIA. “That can go over very well overseas. Foreign leaders want to know the secretary is closest to the president and can deliver — and that’s what they are hearing from their diplomats.”
And Trump appears to be empowering him.
Abrams recalled of the Oval Office meeting he attended with Trump, Tillerson and Kushner on Feb. 6, the president “listened very carefully to Tillerson, at length and without interruptions” as they discussed Syria, Turkey and the Kurds. “The president was in a listening mode. It gave me the impression that he respected Tillerson and was paying attention to what he was hearing.”



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s lawyers in a Friday afternoon federal court filing argued that he cannot be sued for inciting his supporters to hurt protesters because, as the president, he is immune from civil lawsuits.
The lawsuit was brought by three protesters who allege they were roughed up and ejected by Trump supporters from a March 2016 campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, after Trump barked from the stage “get 'em out of here!”
Story Continued Below
The lawsuit seeks damages from two Trump supporters who confronted the protesters, as well as Trump’s presidential campaign and the president himself, since the protesters argue the Trump supporters were acting at his direction.
In Friday’s filing, the president’s lawyers contend that Trump was not ordering his supporters to rough up the protesters — or to do anything. “The Trump Defendants deny that Mr. Trump directed his statement to the crowd,” the lawyers wrote.
But their claim was undermined by a separate Friday filing from one of the Trump supporters, Alvin Bamberger, a member of the Korean War Veterans Association who was captured on video pushing the lead plaintiff, a young African-American woman named Kashiya Nwanguma.
While Bamberger’s lawyers in their filing said their client “admits only that he touched a woman,” he “denies that he assaulted that woman.” 
But, Bamberger’s lawyers stressed that “to the extent that Bamberger acted, he did so in response to — and inspired by — Trump and/or the Trump Campaign’s urging to remove the protesters.”
They added that Bamberger “had no prior intention to act as he did” and “would not have acted as he did without Trump and/or the Trump Campaign’s specific urging and inspiration.”
As such, Bamberger’s lawyers argue, if there is a monetary judgment against Bamberger, Trump or his campaign should be forced to bear the cost of it.
Bamberger’s argument seems to buttress the protesters’ claim that Trump was whipping up his supporters to act against the protesters.
One of the protesters, Henry Brousseau, said in an interview that it seemed obvious from the context “that (Trump) was speaking to the crowd when he said ‘get ‘em out of here’.”
Brousseau — who alleges that he was punched in the stomach by Trump supporters after shouting “Black Lives Matter” — said Trump “was trying to egg on the crowd.”
A second Trump supporter named in Brousseau’s suit is a well-known white nationalist.
Trump’s campaign rallies were often feisty affairs interrupted by protesters who drew the ire of his supporters and were usually ushered out — sometimes roughly — by Trump’s private security force.
But the Louisville lawsuit is one of at least two winding their way through federal courts brought by protesters who allege they were roughed up by Trump supporters.
Trump’s lead lawyer in the Louisville case did not respond to a request for comment.
But in the Friday filing, he pointed out that the then-candidate also said “don’t hurt them,” when discussing the protesters, and contended that the command “get ‘em out of here” was protected by the First Amendment.
But the federal judge hearing the case in a ruling late last month rejected the Trump team’s argument that the candidate’s constitutional free speech rights protected him from the lawsuit and that he didn’t intend for his supporters to use force.
Trump’s “get ‘em out of here” comment, the judge ruled, was “stated in the imperative; it was an order, an instruction, a command.”
The judge also rejected requests to toss out the case because the protesters assumed the risk of injury by going to the rally to protest. “The doctrine of assumption of the risk was abolished in Kentucky decades ago,” he wrote.
The immunity claim is a new one in this case, but it follows other efforts by Trump’s lawyers to invoke the argument against separate civil cases stemming from allegations against Trump dating from before he was sworn in as president.
“Mr. Trump is immune from suit because he is President of the United States,” the lawyers wrote in the filing, which requests a jury trial.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump on Friday announced that he intends to nominate two former Republican lawmakers to fill empty seats on the Export-Import Bank's board, one of whom has been a prominent opponent of the agency.
Trump tapped Scott Garrett, an Ex-Im critic and a former House member from New Jersey, as president of the bank’s board, and Spencer Bachus, a former chairman of the House Financial Services Committee, as a board member. If they are confirmed, the bank would once again have a quorum, and therefore the ability to approve deals above $10 million.
Story Continued Below
Ex-Im guarantees loans for foreign companies interested in buying U.S. exports, and also runs programs such as providing insurance and credit to help small businesses secure new customers and working capital.
Trump criticized the agency during the presidential campaign, but in a Wednesday interview with The Wall Street Journal the president said the bank helps small companies.
“Instinctively, you would say, ‘Isn’t that a ridiculous thing,’” Trump said. “But actually, it’s a very good thing. And it actually makes money, it could make a lot of money.”
Garrett, a close ally of current Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling, was vocally opposed to reviving the bank during the fight over whether to renew its charter in 2015. Garrett lost his reelection campaign last year.
While in Congress, Bachus represented Alabama, which is home to facilities for aircraft maker Boeing — the export credit agency’s biggest user — and Airbus, its European competitor. Bachus retired from office in 2015.
The bank is supported by a majority of the president's party in Congress but has faced strong opposition from key members — including Hensarling and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell.
In the previous Congress, McConnell said he would move any Ex-Im nominee that came out of committee, in deference to the agency's strong support in the Senate, but it's unclear how Senate Banking Chairman Mike Crapo (R-Idaho) will approach the nominations.



ARTICLE
The new White House Office of American Innovation led by President Donald Trump’s son-in-law Jared Kushner, kicked off with its first major conference call Friday afternoon, including a discussion of high-skilled immigration led by Trump adviser Stephen Miller.
The hourlong call led by Kushner featured a roster of top technology investors and CEOs, including Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg, venture capitalist Marc Andreessen, Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates, and CEOs Jeff Bezos of Amazon, Tim Cook of Apple, Elon Musk of Tesla, Ginni Rommety of IBM and others, according to two people familiar with the call.
Story Continued Below
White House participants included Kushner; Miller; Chris Liddell, the director of strategic initiatives; Reed Cordish, head of intragovernmental and technology initiatives; deputy national security adviser Dina Powell; and Haley Van Dyck, who works on digital services.
The session was mainly intended to offer an overview of the new office and offer ideas on how big tech companies could contribute to efforts to modernize federal systems, especially at the Department of Veterans Affairs, the people familiar with the call said.
Miller, who rose to prominence as an outspoken critic of U.S. immigration policies, talked about possible changes to the H-1B visa program, which technology companies use to hire high-skilled foreign workers. Miller talked about ways to prevent the visas from being used for entry-level positions, according to people familiar with the call. 
Miller, until recently mostly associated with embattled senior White House aide Steve Bannon in the nationalist wing of the White House, has lately sought to ally himself with Kushner. That shift comes as power in the West Wing has flowed to advisers favored by Kushner and his wife, Ivanka Trump, such as Powell and National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn. 
People familiar with the call said CEOs peppered Kushner with questions about how their companies could get involved in his efforts to streamline federal government services. “Re-inventing government is not always the most exciting thing, so it was interesting to see how much energy there was,” one participant said afterward. 
Josh Dawsey contributed to this report. 



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump’s administration announced Friday that the White House won’t release records of its visitors, raising new concerns from transparency advocates.
 The decision not to voluntarily disclose White House visitor logs is a break from the policy of former President Barack Obama’s administration, even though Trump had called his predecessor the “least transparent president.” 
Story Continued Below
White House communications director Michael Dubke framed the decision not to disclose who visits the president as resulting from the “national security risks and privacy concerns of the hundreds of thousands of visitors annually.” Time magazine first reported the reversal.
Tom Blanton, director of the National Security Archive, called the White House’s security and privacy claims “a White House lie.”
“What’s really going on is the swamp suits Donald Trump just fine,” Blanton said, mocking the president’s campaign pledge to “drain the swamp” of Washington.
Blanton said Obama’s White House shared logs of nearly 6 million visitors with no national security ramifications. Under Obama, the White House released records about three months after visits occurred. The policy contained exceptions, however, allowing the White House to withhold the names of people it believed were sensitive or personal visitors to the Obama family.
The Trump White House’s decision not to follow suit was met with alarm from transparency advocates, including the conservative watchdog Judicial Watch, whose president said the organization was “disappointed.”
“This new secrecy policy undermines the rule of law and suggests this White House doesn’t want to be accountable to the American people,” Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton said.
The Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington said its lawsuits against the Obama administration pressured it to be transparent with the visitor logs.
“It’s disappointing that the man who promised to ‘drain the swamp’ just took a massive step away from transparency by refusing the release the White House visitor logs ... that provide indispensable information about who is seeking to influence the president,” CREW Executive Director Noah Bookbinder said in a statement. “This week, we sued the Trump administration to make sure they would continue to release the logs. It looks like we’ll see them in court.”
Indeed, several groups already filed a lawsuit demanding the White House turn over the records, as well as logs of visitors to his homes in New York and Florida. These groups had already gone after Trump for refusing to release his tax returns, as other major presidential candidates have done.
“The only reason to keep secret the White House visitor logs is to hide from the American public the corporate influence-peddlers who are seeking favors and gifts from the White House,” said Robert Weissman, president of Public Citizen. “More secrecy equals more cronyism, more insider dealing and more corruption.”
Trump himself inadvertently relied on the visitor logs last month when he tweeted, under scrutiny about his aides' contacts with Moscow, that the Russian ambassador visited the White House 22 times under Obama. A Daily Caller reporter whose piece Trump appeared to be quoting tweeted Friday that she used the visitor logs as the basis of her story.
Under the Presidential Records Act, a legal expert told POLITICO, the visitor records will be available for release if requested through the Freedom of Information Act, but not until five years after Trump leaves office. 



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
PYONGYANG, North Korea — President Donald Trump's tweets are adding fuel to a "vicious cycle" of tensions on the Korean Peninsula, North Korea's vice foreign minister told The Associated Press in an exclusive interview Friday. The official added that if the U.S. shows any sign of "reckless" military aggression, Pyongyang is ready to launch a pre-emptive strike of its own.
Vice Minister Han Song Ryol said Pyongyang has determined the Trump administration is "more vicious and more aggressive" than that of his predecessor, Barack Obama. He added that North Korea will keep building up its nuclear arsenal in "quality and quantity" and said Pyongyang is ready to go to war if that's what Trump wants.
Story Continued Below
Tensions between Pyongyang and Washington go back to President Harry Truman and the 1950-53 Korean War, which ended in an armistice, not a peace treaty. But the heat has been rising rapidly since Trump took office in January.
This year's joint war games between the U.S. and South Korean militaries are the biggest ever; the USS Carl Vinson aircraft carrier has been diverted back to the waters off Korea after heading for Australia; and U.S. satellite imagery suggests the North could conduct another underground nuclear test at any time. Pyongyang recently tested a ballistic missile and claims it is close to perfecting an intercontinental ballistic missile and nuclear warhead that could attack the U.S. mainland.
Many experts believe that at its current pace of testing, North Korea could reach that potentially game-changing milestone within a few years — under Trump's watch as president. Despite reports that Washington is considering military action if the North goes ahead with another nuclear test, Han did not rule out the possibility of a test in the near future.
"That is something that our headquarters decides," he said during the 40-minute interview in Pyongyang, which is now gearing up for a major holiday — and possibly a big military parade — on Saturday. "At a time and at a place where the headquarters deems necessary, it will take place."
The North conducted two such tests last year alone. The first was of what it claims to have been a hydrogen bomb and the second was its most powerful ever.
The annual U.S.-South Korea military exercises have consistently infuriated the North, which views them as rehearsals for an invasion. Washington and Seoul deny that, but reports that exercises have included "decapitation strikes" aimed at the North's leadership have fanned Pyongyang's anger.
Han said Trump's tweets have also added fuel to the flames.
Trump posted a tweet Tuesday in which he said the North is "looking for trouble" and reiterated his call for more pressure from Beijing, North Korea's economic lifeline, to clamp down on trade and strengthen its enforcement of U.N. sanctions to persuade Pyongyang to denuclearize.
Trump has threatened that if Beijing isn't willing to do more to squeeze the North, the U.S. might take the matter into its own hands.
"Trump is always making provocations with his aggressive words," Han said. "It's not the DPRK but the U.S. and Trump that makes trouble."
North Korea's official name is the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
Han said the sanctions approach is misguided and cited the opening ceremony of a sprawling new high-rise residential area in Pyongyang on Thursday as evidence that sanctions have failed to ruin the country's economy. Leader Kim Jong Un presided over the ceremony before about 100,000 residents and a large contingent of foreign journalists who have been allowed in to cover the holiday.
Han dismissed the suggestion Trump made last year during his presidential campaign that he was willing to meet Kim Jong Un, possibly over hamburgers.
"I think that was nothing more than lip service during the campaign to make himself more popular," Han said.
"Now we are comparing Trump's policy toward the DPRK with the former administration's and we have concluded that it's becoming more vicious and more aggressive," Han said.
"Whatever comes from U.S. politicians, if their words are designed to overthrow the DPRK system and government, we will categorically reject them," he said.
Han said North Korea changed its military strategy two years ago, when the reports of "decapitation strike" training began to really get attention, to stress pre-emptive actions.
"We've got a powerful nuclear deterrent already in our hands, and we certainly will not keep our arms crossed in the face of a U.S. pre-emptive strike," he said. "Whatever comes from the U.S., we will cope with it. We are fully prepared to handle it."
How much such comments are bluster, or how realistic they are, is hard to gauge.
Later Friday, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi said all sides must stop provoking and threatening and start taking a flexible approach to resuming dialogue. He said China is willing to support any such effort.
"Once a war really happens, the result will be nothing but multiple-loss. No one can become a winner," Wang said. "No matter who it is, if it wants to make war or trouble on the Korean Peninsula, it must take the historical responsibility and pay the due price."
South Korea's Foreign Ministry said Han's remarks on the North's readiness to conduct a nuclear test and even go to war reveal the "true colors of North Korea's government that is bellicose and a breaker of regulations."
The ministry issued a statement saying North Korea will face strong punishment it will find hard to withstand if it makes a significant provocation, such as another nuclear test or an ICBM launch.
Military experts generally agree a shooting war with North Korea would likely be far more costly than something along the lines of the recent targeted strike Trump ordered against a Syrian air base believed to be linked to a chemical weapons attack by the regime of Bashir Assad. That attack alarmed the North and was condemned as "unpardonable" by Pyongyang, which counts Syria as an ally.
Even without nuclear weapons, the North could cause severe damage and casualties with its conventional artillery batteries aimed at the South Korean capital of Seoul. North Korea's military is also heavily dug in, meaning it could be hard to find and destroy key targets, or to secure the North's nuclear weapons even if its leadership were attacked.
Despite talk of conflict in the halls of power, life in Pyongyang has been pretty much normal over the past week as the country gears up for its biggest holiday of the year: the 105th anniversary of the birth of the late Kim Il Sung, the country's founder and leader Kim Jong Un's grandfather.
The Saturday anniversary may provide the world with a look at some of its arsenal. Expectations are high the North may put its newest missiles on display during a military parade that could be held to mark the event.
Another big military holiday comes on April 25, when its army marks its anniversary.



ARTICLE
Republicans in Congress for the first time are lowering expectations for how much of Obamacare they can repeal and how quickly they can do it.
As they meet constituents back home, GOP lawmakers seem trapped between the reality of their failed repeal effort and President Donald Trump’s renewed promises this week to finish off Obamacare before taking on tax reform. Vice President Mike Pence is also still trying to keep the repeal dream alive, working with conservatives on new tweaks to the stalled House bill. But even if the ultra-conservatives come on board, there’s no sign that the moderate Republicans needed to pass a bill are ready to sign on.
Story Continued Below
Those dynamics mean the Obamacare repeal effort that has helped define the Republican Party for seven years may live on in a sort of political purgatory — with no one willing to pull the plug even though there are few signs of life. The uncertainty created by that zombie state could compel health insurers to stop offering coverage in the exchanges next year, paralyze action on other legislative priorities on Capitol Hill and come back to haunt Republicans at the polls in 2018.
Lawmakers back in their districts during their first recess since the collapse of the House effort are downplaying the repeal agenda as if the rallying cry to eliminate the law “root and branch” has been pared down to some leaves. Some constituents are conveying their displeasure.
Joe Barton (R-Texas), a Freedom Caucus member, was confronted at a town hall meeting Tuesday by a self-described Republican who blasted the GOP for not repealing all of Obamacare on “Day One of the Trump administration.”
“You guys got to get it done,” the man said. “Quit telling us you’re going to do it. I don’t understand why you guys can’t compromise. I expect to be screwed by the Democrats. I don’t want it from my own party.”
Barton offered him little in the way of red meat. Instead, he defended preserving coverage for those Americans who enrolled in Obamacare plans and said that “most” of Obamacare would get repealed.
“It’s not a perfect process,” Barton said. “But it is something that if we get it done … within a year or two or maybe three, you’ll have a lot of choice. You’ll have a functioning marketplace. And most Americans will have health care that they want and is more affordable.”
At another town hall in Wisconsin, Republican Glenn Grothman said that if the latest efforts fail to yield GOP agreement, “I think the fallback position is to wait four or five months." By then, he predicted, “imploding" Obamacare markets would force reluctant players to the table.
"It would not surprise me if in five or six months, we have a plan that both Republicans and Democrats vote for," he said.
Grothman, who supported the House repeal bill in committee, said he believed Speaker Paul Ryan, a fellow Wisconsinite, was working on a plan that could garner enough Republican votes to pass. But he also spoke frankly about the challenging politics: Some Republicans want a significant government role in health care, he said; others want to strip the federal government out.
"We were losing about 20 votes both ways and as a result that bill did not pass," he said. "I'd still like to believe we're going to get a similar bill out of the House of Representatives."
Privately, Republicans are nervous about completely giving up on Obamacare repeal, knowing they gained power in Washington in part by promising to wipe the law off the books. That has driven some to keep talking. But it's unclear whether the latest negotiations are signs of life or simply more false starts. 
Conversations between the White House and conservative groups continued over the congressional recess, for instance. Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows floated the idea that the House is likely to be called back from recess early to consider a bill, an idea that other Republicans pan.
Pence has floated a proposal to grant states an automatic waiver from some Obamacare regulations if they create a high-risk pool for residents who are ill — a strategy to thwart accusations they're abandoning people with pre-existing conditions. This version, a variant of an earlier idea that would have allowed states to opt into a waiver, is more likely to attract conservatives. But it could repel moderates, who want to preserve some of the regulations that protect patients and which are the most popular part of Obamacare.
Democrats, for their part, have encouraged Affordable Care Act supporters to show up at town halls to keep the anti-repeal message front and center, even in some reliably Republican parts of the country. And many of those individuals have confronted lawmakers, expressing anger that the law is on the brink and arguing it has saved lives by providing desperately needed health coverage or funding a screening that detected a cancer that wouldn't otherwise have been found. 
Republicans, though, fear that if they let the Obamacare repeal zombie die, the base will turn against them in 2018.
"If they don’t get it done, I don’t know that they’ll admit defeat," Club for Growth President David McIntosh said shortly before the group went up with ads hammering 10 of the moderate Republicans whom conservatives see as blocking repeal. "In a year and half, they may be admitting regret if their base doesn’t show up on [Election Day] and they’re no longer" in the majority.
"We don't have any option but to repeal," said Phil Roe (R-Tenn.), who supported the House repeal bill. "We need to build a bonfire under some of my colleagues on the House side to get this bill passed." 
Warren Davidson (R-Ohio), a Freedom Caucus member who opposed the House leadership health care package last month, said at a town hall Tuesday night that he still expects Republicans to come together on repeal by summer. “I’ll be surprised if we don’t,” he said. 
But Davidson, who represents the deep-red district of former Speaker John Boehner, bluntly lowered expectations about how far House Republicans could go given the constraints of passing a bill in the Senate.
“It won’t fully repeal it and it certainly won’t fully replace it,” Davidson told voters. But even he, like Republicans during each election cycle since Obamacare became law, asked voters to give the GOP more power in the next election to get closer to full repeal of what he called a central government system.
“We won’t be rid of our central planner until we get 60 votes in the Senate," he said. "So we’ve got to do well in 2018.”
Tara Palmeri and Elana Schor contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump once affectionately called them “my two Steves,” a reference not only to their ideological kinship but to their central role in his administration.
But while Steve Bannon is on the ropes in Trump’s fractious White House, Stephen Miller has managed to endear himself to the man emerging as the president’s most indispensable adviser: son-in-law Jared Kushner. 
Story Continued Below
As the relationship between Kushner and Bannon has deteriorated, Miller has made sure his colleagues know he’s not on Bannon’s team. In interviews, seven White House officials described the emerging dynamics. 
The 31-year-old speechwriter is now working closely with Kushner’s Office of American Innovation, as well as on family leave, child care and women’s issues with Kushner’s wife, Ivanka Trump, according to several people involved. 
Miller, who wrote Trump’s fiery “American carnage” inaugural address, continues to work on the president’s speeches but takes direction from others on their tone. He’s also begun working on energy and regulatory issues, while focusing less on immigration, the issue about which he’s long been most passionate.
The shifting and seemingly divergent fortunes of the president’s most ideologically committed advisers, both nationalist firebrands who forged their partnership working together to scuttle the 2013 “Gang of Eight” immigration reform bill, illustrates the changing imperatives for those closest to Trump as he learns how to govern. 
In conversations with colleagues, Miller has taken pains to distance himself from Bannon, despite their ideological kinship and long collaboration issues like immigration. Miller’s associates and colleagues inside and outside the White House say he’s griped recently that Bannon tried to take too much credit for Trump’s successes, as well as objected to Bannon’s combative style. 
“He made it clear he isn’t a Bannon guy,” said one White House adviser.
One senior White House official, however, disputed the idea that there’s any separation between Bannon and Miller, pointing to projects they’ve continued to work on together — including the impending announcement of a “Buy America” manufacturing plan, expected to come next week. “All the work we’ve done this week sure looks like a team,” the official said. 
But the president has noticeably reversed himself on several of his core nationalist-populist campaign themes, starting with his decision last week to approve airstrikes on Syrian government targets. The decision came after Trump removed Bannon from his seat on the National Security Council. This week, Trump declined to label China a currency manipulator, though he had vowed to do so on the campaign trail — and even offered the country concessions on trade in exchange for cooperation in curtailing North Korea’s increasingly aggressive posture. 
Trump has publicly distanced himself from Bannon in recent days, describing him Wednesday in a Wall Street Journal interview as “a guy who works for me.” White House officials heaped praise on Miller, though they declined to speak on the record. “Stephen Miller is as brilliant as he is kind,” said one White House official in response to questions. “He has an unbelievable depth of knowledge on a wide range of issues and is a tremendous asset to the president and the administration.”
Miller, who worked for then-Sen. Jeff Sessions on Capitol Hill before joining up with Trump, hasn’t changed his position on immigration and stands firmly behind the travel ban, White House officials said. He does not usually agree with Gary Cohn or the more liberal members of the White House — and makes his views known, according to people who have been in meetings with him.
Though he was a little-known aide prior to Trump’s victory, the fast-talking hard-liner with an affinity for skinny ties became something of a household name in February, when he made a series of television appearances defending the hasty rollout of the president’s first travel ban, which Miller directed.
At the time, Miller also defended the president’s unsubstantiated claims of voter fraud in the November election. “It is a fact and you will not deny it that there are massive numbers of non-citizens in this country who are registered to vote,” Miller said, amid other combative and seemingly false statements. Sen. John McCain mocked him afterward as the "31-year-old." 
“That is the worst performance of anybody — that made Susan Rice [on] the Sunday after Benghazi look smooth. I mean, that was horrendous and an embarrassment,” said MSNBC host Joe Scarborough at the time.
Trump, the one voice that matters in the White House, had a different opinion, praising Miller on Twitter for his fierce defense.
If Miller has been a combative presence outside the White House, he has struck a more conciliatory tone on the inside, largely avoiding the infighting that has consumed the White House over the past several weeks, officials said—and his divergence with Bannon is more about style than substance. Though he has championed his views in meetings, he has generally reacted calmly if he doesn’t get his way, “not burning it all down,” in the words of one White House official. 
He also retains deep ties with a number of campaign aides and officials from his time on the campaign trail, when he accompanied Trump for months and introduced him at rallies. And as one White House official said, Miller “gets Trump’s voice and knows how to talk to him.”
More than anything, White House officials say, he has undeniable loyalty to the president. He will never contradict Trump, no matter what the president says. He will reinforce the president's beliefs with news articles that support them. And unlike Bannon, a wealthy man in his own right, the president doesn’t see Miller as a peer or someone trying to take the spotlight, unless he’s been allowed to take it. 
 “I am prepared to go on any show, anywhere, anytime and repeat it and say the president of the United States is correct 100 percent,” he said in February.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump on Thursday praised the decision to drop a massive bunker-busting bomb in Afghanistan as an example of the “total authorization” he has given his military commanders.
But such boasts only deepen defense experts' concerns that Trump is ceding the military too much influence over the United States' actions abroad — creating the danger of an unbalanced policy that gives short shrift to interests like diplomacy. 
Story Continued Below
Trump, who faced early criticism for relying on retired generals to fill key Cabinet posts, has placed career military men in the two main civilian posts that shape national security policy: Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, a retired Marine general, and National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster, an Army lieutenant general. At the same time, he has failed to fill most of the other top civilian posts that provide a major check on military prerogatives.
Trump has also allowed military commanders to wield more authority on troop deployments and other actions, most notably in Syria — in contrast to the Obama administration's reputation for micromanaging even the smallest details of national security. But Trump declined to say whether he had let them make the call in Thursday's bombing, which used the Air Force's 21,000-pound “mother of all bombs” to attack a cave network used by the Islamic State.
Asked whether he had authorized use of the bomb, never before used in combat, Trump told reporters that "everybody knows exactly what happened."
"What I do is, I authorize my military,” he said. “We have the greatest military in the world, and they’ve done a job as usual. So we have given them total authorization, and that’s what they’re doing. And, frankly, that’s why they’ve been so successful lately."
Rep. Adam Smith of Washington state, the top Democrat on the Armed Services Committee, said the lack of national security experience of Trump and some of his closest confidantes is one reason to worry about the administration's military-heavy tilt.
“The commander-in-chief and the people immediately around him are somewhat malleable when it comes to national security," Smith said, pointing to Trump’s about-face last week in ordering a strike on the Syrian military for its use of chemical weapons. “You can’t imagine anyone more opposed to military action in Syria than President Trump right up until he ordered the strikes. I’m worried President Trump is going to go with such a military-heavy set of advisers."
Syria is the most notable example of the greater autonomy the military has enjoyed in recent months, as hundreds of U.S. troops help local allies prepare for an offensive against the Islamic State's headquarters in Raqqa. 
The top admiral in the Pacific also announced last week that he had redirected an aircraft carrier battle group toward the waters near North Korea as a show of force. 
In his remarks about Thursday's strike in Afghanistan, Trump boasted about empowering the commanders, calling that a key difference from former President Barack Obama's approach. "If you look at what’s happened over the last eight weeks and compare that really to what’s happened over the last eight years, you’ll see there’s a tremendous difference," he said. 
But others in the defense and security worlds fretted that a vacuum at the top the administration means that military prescriptions are dominating the debate.
"Because you have a lot of military minds thinking of this in a military context, you are going to get answers to things that are really, really finely tuned to the military considerations but not the diplomatic considerations or even the domestic political considerations," said Alice Hunt Friend, a senior fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies who held several senior policy positions in the Obama-era Pentagon. "That is something the president should be very concerned about. Civilians are supposed to give them the political context of what they are doing and why they are doing it."
The concerns are not just about the military personalities who are crafting policy. 
In fact, Mattis, who required a special congressional waiver to serve as the military's civilian leader, and McMaster have both drawn bipartisan praise. Supporters see them as moderating influences on some of Trump's most unpredictable impulses, saying they're unlikely to propose reckless military operations. 
The worries center more on who is not in the room — namely in the National Security Council's powerful "deputies committee," which is made up of the second-ranking officials across departments such as State, Treasury and Defense. That body has historically cued up options for the Cabinet and ultimately the president, but Trump's slow pace in filling agency slots means that many of the committee's members are either Obama holdovers or career staffers with little influence.
"That is your civilian control," said Andrew Hoehn, who was deputy assistant Defense secretary for strategy under George W. Bush. Hoen, now vice president for research and analysis at the government-funded RAND Corp., said the deputies committee "is how policy is made. Lacking those positions is a concern. Do we have the right set of inputs in place yet? I think the answer to that is no."
The NSC declined several requests for answers about how many deputy committee meetings have taken place during the Trump administration and who has attended. Requests for comment to the office of Mattis, who pledged in his January confirmation hearing to "provide strong civilian leadership of military plans and decisions," were also not answered.
Others are raising concerns about the policymaking process under Trump given the prominence of so many military professionals in his orbit.
In addition to Mattis, McMaster and Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Joe Dunford, DHS Secretary John Kelly is a retired general. So is Keith Kellogg, the executive secretary of the National Security Council, while several other senior NSC staff have deep military credentials. 
"Effective civilian control requires three things: clear role delineation between Mattis, McMaster, and Dunford, set by the president and transparent to everyone on the NSC; a defense and military apparatus that is totally clear on the same; and strong civilian and non-defense counterparts, especially at the State Department," said Loren DeJonge Schulman, who recently served as senior adviser to former National Security Adviser Susan Rice. She was previously the chief of staff to the assistant Defense secretary for international security affairs. 
"Through no fault of Mattis' and McMaster's," she added, "it doesn't seem like we're even close to having any of those."
It is also not clear to Schulman that Trump, who has repeatedly praised the military prowess of his Cabinet officers such as Mattis and McMaster, fully understands the civilian-military balance and why civilian control has been considered inviolate in the American system. 
"By the president's own words, it's not apparent he's clear on the two of them being in civilian roles, period," she said.
Smith, a vocal skeptic of the decision to grant Mattis a waiver to serve as Defense secretary, said he worries that "hard-core Pentagon military folks are driving the ship."
“They spend all day looking at bogeymen and figure out how to get them," he said in an interview. "They have a certain way of looking at the world. There needs to be a counterbalance."
As an example, he cited a recent conversation with an unnamed general about Trump's decision to strike Syria. "We can't do nothing," the general said. "Why not?" Smith responded. 
The danger of relying too heavily on military advice, Friend wrote recently, "is that military operations become divorced from overall foreign policy, making both civilian leaders and the military vulnerable to runaway events." 
"I'll be happier when I see [Mattis] has a deputy, an undersecretary for policy, all those mechanisms to not only advise him but operate in an inter-agency process in a way we'd expect," said Hoehn, the former Bush adviser. "The same holds true for State and Treasury. Then we would see the NSC system working as it is designed."



ARTICLE
CIA Director Mike Pompeo on Thursday mocked those who fear intelligence officials conduct surveillance through microwaves, saying the agency tries to ignore such claims.
While White House counselor Kellyanne Conway suffered blowback last month when she suggested microwaves could be deployed as surveillance devices, the CIA said later Thursday that Pompeo was not directly referencing Conway's controversial comments.
Story Continued Below
In his first public remarks since being sworn in to lead the agency, Pompeo hailed the staff he now leads, describing them as “talented, committed patriots” who chose “a life of discretion and impact for a career in service to their country.”
“These officers, like me, have sworn an oath to uphold the Constitution. They’ve signed secrecy agreements,” he said in an address at the Center for Strategic & International Studies. “They quietly go about their work and try not to get too worked up over the headlines, including the fanciful notion that they spy on their fellow citizens via microwave ovens.”
Conway, who in defense of President Donald Trump last month suggested to a New Jersey newspaper that former President Barack Obama’s administration may have relied on “microwaves that turn into cameras” to spy on the Trump campaign inside Trump Tower.
“You can surveil someone through their phones, certainly through their television sets — any number of ways,” she said, including a microwave. “We know this is a fact of modern life.”
Conway’s much-criticized comment apparently referred to unverified documents published by WikiLeaks, an organization Pompeo railed against Thursday for leaking U.S. secrets in its own self-interest. The documents detailed the agency’s surveillance tactics, including using household electronics such as TVs, computers and cellphones to surveil their owners.
Conway later distanced herself from the way her comments were portrayed. White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed Conway’s remark was “in jest,” and Conway blasted people in Washington for being “humorless” and unable to take a joke.
Pompeo on Thursday also appeared to undercut the president’s explosive, unsubstantiated claim that Obama surveilled Trump Tower before the election. 
Clearing up, he said, what the CIA doesn’t do, Pompeo stressed that it’s a foreign intelligence agency — emphasis on “foreign.” 
“We focus on collecting information about foreign governments, foreign terrorist organizations and the like — not Americans,” Pompeo said, broadly referencing rules that protect Americans’ privacy. “To take just one important example, CIA is legally prohibited from spying on people through electronic surveillance in the United States. We’re not tapping anyone’s phone in my hometown of Wichita.”
A large portion of his remarks, however, were clearly aimed at leakers, such as Julian Assange and his WikiLeaks organization. Lamenting that CIA staff isn’t “at liberty to stand up to these false narratives and explain our mission to the American people,” Pompeo said it was up to him.
“The false narratives that increasingly define our public discourse cannot be ignored,” Pompeo said. “There are fictions out there that demean and distort the work and achievements of the CIA and the intelligence community more broadly. And in the absence of a vocal rebuttal, these voices, ones that proclaim treason to be public advocacy, gain a gravity that they do not deserve. It’s time to call these voices out.”
“First and foremost, we should note that the intelligence organizations engage solely in foreign espionage,” he continued. “We steal secrets from our foreign adversaries, hostile entities and terrorist organizations — and we’re damn proud of it.”



ARTICLE
The professor who took hell for predicting President Donald Trump has a much longer case for predicting President Mike Pence — and it’s all in his new book, out next week. 
Allan Lichtman, a professor at American University, reached meme-status last fall for predicting long before anyone else that Trump would win, using a formula based on the popularity of the party in control of the White House that accurately predicted the eight previous presidential elections. Now Lichtman wants everyone to pay attention to the rest of what came through his crystal ball — that Trump will now be impeached. 
Story Continued Below
The people who paid attention only to the professor’s first prediction include the commander in chief, whom Lichtman says reached out to him during the transition. 
“Taking time out of preparing to become the world’s most powerful leader, he wrote me a personal note, saying ‘Professor — Congrats — good call,’” Lichtman writes in “The Case for Impeachment,” an advance copy of which was shared with POLITICO. “What Trump overlooked, however, was my ‘next big prediction’: that, after winning the presidency, he would be impeached.” 
Lichtman is clearly no Trump fan, writing at length about his discomfort with Trump’s opposition to the Paris Climate accord. He refers to Trump’s travel ban as “dimming the torch of liberty” and heads one section of the book, “Trump’s policies and appointments pose an existential threat to humanity.”
The book, rushed to the presses after the election, provides a brief history of the thinking that led the Framers to include impeachment, and the behavior that led presidents to get impeached — counting Richard Nixon along with Andrew Johnson and Bill Clinton (the two presidents who didn’t resign before the Articles of Impeachment were read in the House), Lichtman points out that one out of every 14 presidents has been impeached: “gamblers have become rich betting on longer odds than that.” 
With a heavy hmm, he cites Johnson's obituary in The New York Times, which said the 17th president's fatal flaw was "he was always headstrong, 'sure he was right' even in his errors."
Several Democrats have predicted that the first thing they’d do if they win the House next year is impeach Trump. It may not take that long, Lichtman argues, writing that his book is meant to “explain how Trump threatens the institutions and traditions that have made America safe and free for 230 years, and I’ll make clear why a Republican Congress might impeach a president of its own party.”
Lichtman’s list of possible offenses that could get Trump to that point are familiar: charges of treason with Russia, abuse of power and emoluments violations. Lichtman also cites now-Attorney General Jeff Sessions, then a senator, who argued that a president could be impeached for offenses committed before he took office. Among those potential offenses, Lichtman lists Trump’s housing violations, charity problems, potential violations of the Cuba embargo and Trump University.
It’s all part of a brief — designed to be damning — tour through Trump’s history. It includes section headings like “Trump Towers Become Vacant Lots” and “Lying His Way to the Presidency.” It eventually leads Lichtman to the conclusion that Trump might serve himself up for impeachment: “Trump’s disregard for lying in sworn testimony, examined in the context of the Bill Clinton precedent, shows how Trump’s opponents could set an impeachment trap for him through a civil lawsuit.” 
Imagine, Lichtman writes, if Trump gets Congress to lift sanctions against Russia by lying about some promise made by Vladimir Putin, or shakes the economy by lying about Bureau of Labor Statistics employment numbers.
Lichtman’s advice to Trump to avoid his prediction is a checklist that includes divesting, supporting the Paris Climate accord, using a fact-checker and treating women with respect. He also dares Trump to “add a shrink to the White House physicians.”
“Opponents will challenge your decision-making abilities and claim that they were right all along about your temperamental unfitness for the presidency, yet you have survived and thrived by defying the conventional political wisdom. Why not do it again?”
He also encourages Trump to “curb the Mussolini act” and fire chief strategist Steve Bannon.
President Andrew Johnson “showed how an impeachment and trial could benefit the nation,” Lichtman writes at one point. And he’s clearly rooting for that to happen now. 
“Justice will be realized in today’s America not through revolution, but by the Constitution’s peaceful remedy of impeachment,” he concludes the book, “but only if the people demand it.”



ARTICLE
At a seafood restaurant in historic Yorktown, Virginia, this week, constituents peppered Sen. Mark Warner with questions about bread-and-butter issues like health care and taxes. But Warner also made sure to warn them at length about the perils of bots, trolls and fake news.
His preoccupation is understandable given Warner’s high-profile perch these days as the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, investigating Russian meddling in the election.
Story Continued Below
To give credence to the Russia investigation, Warner is presenting himself as a force for fairness and bipartisanship: At one point he half-jokingly advised a state Democratic Party official in the room to “maybe occasionally vote Republican.” But the Senate probe, of course, could have huge partisan implications if it uncovers evidence of coordination between Moscow and President Donald Trump’s campaign.
It’s a delicate balance for the two-term, 62-year-old Warner, who a decade ago was seen as potential White House material and perhaps, depending on how his current project goes, might be viewed that way again.
“This goes to the heart of our democracy,” Warner said. “There was nothing about Vladimir Putin that was pro-Republican. Vladimir Putin wants a weaker America — economically, socially. And this is not just happening in the United States.”
Warner, who made a fortune in the 1980s and ’90s investing in cell phone and other technology companies, is grappling with the conundrum of how to get voters who live outside politics-obsessed Northern Virginia to care about an abstract issue that has no direct impact on their wallets.
In a banquet room at the restaurant on Monday with a view of the York River as it empties into the Chesapeake Bay, Warner did not get a single question from the audience about the Senate Intelligence Committee’s Russia investigation. Instead, attendees at the Yorktown event asked Warner about Medicaid expansion, immigration, proposed federal budget cuts and water issues.
This didn't stop the senator from talking at length about what he calls “the most important thing I've ever done.”
“I’m not here to try to relitigate the election,” said Warner, noting that his Russia probe is one of the top three issues cited by constituents when they contact his office. “This is about how misinformation and actually fake news influence enormous amounts of things, and we have to be careful going forward.”
With Congress on a two-week recess, Warner is spending this week holding events with voters across the state and delivering stark warnings about Russia’s ability to exploit social media to spread its propaganda. It’s a message he says is all the more urgent because Russia is still trying to undermine democratic elections in Europe, and could continue trying to hack future U.S. elections.
He’s urging his constituents to practice better “cyber hygiene,” as he calls it — to change their passwords frequently, to be aware that Russian-paid online trolls can impact what shows up in their Facebook feeds and to not “believe everything you read on the internet.”
And while Warner insists he has not yet drawn any conclusions from the Intelligence Committee investigation, he isn’t shy about pointing out the web of connections between Trump aides and Russia.
At a talk with students from the College of William & Mary in Williamsburg, Warner said it was “a little strange” that in the first 45 days of Trump’s administration, national security adviser Michael Flynn was ousted and Attorney General Jeff Sessions had to recuse himself from investigations into Russia’s election meddling. Both departures came after it became clear they hadn’t been completely forthright about their conversations with Russia’s ambassador.
Warner also slammed House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes for the actions that led to the California Republican’s decision last week to temporarily step aside from the House investigation into Russia’s election meddling.
“This is like out of a bad spy movie,” Warner told the college students. “He was driving around one night with his chief of staff, he got a call, he got out of the car, jumped in an Uber, went to the White House, looked at secret information, went back to Congress and the next day says, ‘Oh I've got to go brief the president of the United States,’ before he shared that information with anybody else on the committee.
“That’s kind of not the way you do it,” Warner added.
The fledgling House investigation led until last week by Nunes offers a stark contrast to the one being run by Warner and his Republican counterpart, Senate Intelligence Chairman Richard Burr of North Carolina.
Warner and Burr are seeking to portray themselves as a bipartisan duo determined to get to the bottom of Russia’s activities no matter the political consequences. The pair gave a joint press conference late last month in which Warner praised Burr and Burr pledged that while he supported Trump during the campaign, he would put aside “any personal beliefs that I have or loyalties that I might have.”
“My colleague in this, Sen. Richard Burr, senator from North Carolina, good guy, he is my partner, we are committed to absolutely following the intel wherever it leads,” Warner said at William & Mary, adding words of praise for the other Republican members of his panel.
The Senate investigation is currently conducting witness interviews with U.S. intelligence analysts who were involved in producing the January report concluding that Russia sought to sway the presidential election toward Trump.
In an interview, Warner said he was hoping the panel would wrap up most the analyst interviews in the next two weeks and then “kind of sit and start thinking through the more prominent witnesses.” These include Trump’s son-in-law and close adviser, Jared Kushner, who is expected to be questioned by the panel about meetings he arranged with Russia’s ambassador and a Russian businessman.
The goal of the investigation is to produce a bipartisan report explaining what happened in the 2016 election and how to prevent such foreign meddling in the future. The FBI is also conducting a counterintelligence investigation into the issue, including possible coordination between Russia and the Trump campaign.
“There are weeks when it feels like at the end of the week … there are more potential stories than there were at the beginning of the week just because of the way some of this drip, drip, drip keeps coming,” Warner told POLITICO.
The big question is whether Warner and Burr will be able to maintain the bipartisan spirit of their investigation if and when the probe begins uncovering information that could be damaging to Trump.
And, for Warner, there’s the question of whether the national attention he’s receiving because of the probe could put him back in contention for the White House in 2020. Asked by a William & Mary student about a presidential run, the unabashedly moderate senator did not rule out the possibility.
“I'm going to try to do my job,” Warner said. “The problem with too many people in politics is they always try to plan what's next. Do your job, and who knows what happens.”



ARTICLE
AURORA, Colo. — Nearly every other constituent brought up health care at a town hall here on the outskirts of Denver on Wednesday night, in one of the most competitive House districts in the country.
But not a single one did it to thank Rep. Mike Coffman for backing the House GOP plan to repeal and replace Obamacare. Instead, dozens of local residents — Democrats and Republicans — pummeled the Colorado Republican for supporting legislation they said would harm their community.
Story Continued Below
Standing before a packed auditorium at a University of Colorado satellite campus in Aurora, one young woman pressed Coffman on how he could commit to a bill she fears would hurt people with pre-existing conditions. Another stood up to say her cousin with epilepsy would die without Medicaid, which would be scaled back significantly by the GOP plan.
"I'm sorry to say I was shocked when you declared your intention to vote for the American Health Care Act," said Steven Haas, a 68-year-old lifelong registered Republican. "That is not the way we do things here in Colorado."
The crowd erupted in cheers.
Coffman put his political career on the line several weeks ago when he threw his support behind Speaker Paul Ryan’s health care bill, legislation with a 17 percent approval rating. Ryan ultimately pulled the bill from the floor amid a collapse in GOP support — but not before Coffman went on record as a supporter.
Now, the five-term centrist, one of the most vulnerable members in the House GOP Conference, is paying for it in his district, which Hillary Clinton last year carried by 9 points.
"I voted for you because I thought you'd be a leader," said one angry constituent. "I don't see you leading."
The chaotic scene that unfolded Wednesday foreshadows the problem dozens of centrist Republicans will face during the 2018 midterm elections in swing districts across the country. While Coffman was one of the few moderates to brave a town-hall setting during the two-week Easter recess, his colleagues won't be able to dodge constituent blowback at the polls.
Liberals have been galvanized by the Republican effort to dismantle the health care law, which has become increasingly popular as it's come under assault. Left-leaning outside groups like Save Our Care and Planned Parenthood are already targeting moderate Republicans with TV ads, including some aimed squarely at Coffman in this Rocky Mountain suburb.
The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee is working to line up challengers to seize on the backlash against the Republican health care effort and President Donald Trump. Less than 24 hours before Coffman's town hall, Jason Crow, a former Army Ranger and Bronze Star recipient and veteran of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars, announced he will challenge Coffman next year.
DCCC sources are touting the 38-year-old recruit and predicting that Coffman will likely be among their top 10 GOP targets in the midterm elections. The National Republican Congressional Committee, meanwhile, immediately went after Crow on Wednesday as “Nancy Pelosi’s hand-picked candidate.”
The issue will only get worse for centrists like Coffman. The White House and House conservatives in Washington are pressuring GOP leaders to move the Obamacare replacement bill even further right, in part by gutting major protections for people with pre-existing conditions.
Coffman has promised to protect those regulations, a vow he repeated over and over again Wednesday to the skeptical crowd.
Coffman, for his part, appears to realize he's on shaky ground. When asked about his support for the bill during a brief interview minutes before the town hall, he did something of a two-step, claiming all he meant was that the bill was a good "starting point." Should the bill be amended to gut protections for sicker individuals, Coffman said, it'd be "tough" for him to vote for the legislation.
He also downplayed the possibility that his support for the measure could be a problem for him in 2018.
"I've always weathered fairly tough races, and I expect another one," he said. "I ran on [a promise that] I would repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. The voters knew that in the last ... three election cycles."
It didn't take long for health care to dominate the event, which was monitored by police. Early on, a home-care worker told Coffman, "You have promised to protect people with pre-existing conditions, but the new version of Trumpcare will eliminate those protections."
"Now that the new version eliminates protections for people with pre-existing [conditions], are you going to side with Trump, or are you going to keep your promise and stand with your constituents?" she asked.
The auditorium erupted in applause.
Coffman tried to reassure her, saying, "I will protect those with pre-existing conditions. … I will maintain that commitment.”
When it came to Medicaid, however, he was at odds with most of the Democratic-leaning room. After one man said that without Medicaid, he and his wife would have to choose between a healthy meal and a much-needed doctor’s visit, Coffman gave a wonkish explanation about how the new health care bill would either block-grant Medicaid or give states a "per capita" allotment per enrollee.
It did not exactly soothe the concerned constituent.
When the mother of a special needs child grew emotional, saying families like hers "eat, breathe and sleep Medicaid," Coffman listened and invited her to talk to his staff after the event.
But he didn’t back down from his belief that the program needs a major overhaul — a position with which most in the room appeared to take issue.
"I really fundamentally believe this Medicaid expansion is driving the deficit, so we've got to bring it back down to that 50-50 split," he said at one point, referring to a lower federal match rate for states.
The audience booed.
Coffman knew his audience, and at times, he didn’t bother responding to those who approached the microphone with a clear ax to grind. After the crowd gave a standing ovation when one woman asked what it would take for him to side with constituents over the Republican Party, he didn't answer and simply moved on to the next question.
The tension in the room was nearly constant. Many shouted and held up signs that read "Medicare for all" or "Save Obamacare." When they didn't like his answer — including his response to concerns about federal environmental policy — attendees flung up red signs depicting a thumbs-down icon. At one point, a man in the back screamed, "You're a coward" when Coffman said he did not support an independent counsel to investigate Russia's interference in the election.
The moderator several times had to warn attendees to "please be respectful."
Despite the howling, Coffman tried to play up any common ground he could find with his Democratic constituents, some of whom have unsuccessfully tried to boot him from office for years. He talked proudly about his membership in the "No Labels" caucus, a bipartisan group that brings together Democrats and Republicans to work across the aisle. He questioned the credibility of the House Intelligence Committee's Russia-Trump investigation, saying he'd look to the Senate for answers instead.
Coffman, who stayed a full 45 minutes after his event was slated to end, also called for White House press secretary Sean Spicer to step down after his inaccurate and offensive comments about the Holocaust this week.
"He needs to go," Coffman said to cheers.
Those moments of connection, however, were fleeting. After the town hall, Haas, the Republican who peppered Coffman with criticism for supporting the House GOP Obamacare replacement bill, said Coffman is too extreme for the district.
"He votes with the far right, and that’s not who we are," he said.



ARTICLE
Just how awkward was Rex Tillerson’s first trip to Moscow as secretary of state? Very.
Russia’s foreign minister publicly warned Washington’s top diplomat against any further U.S. military strikes on the Syrian regime, questioned Tillerson’s respect for history and even chided him for not filling State Department jobs quickly enough. And Russian President Vladimir Putin kept him waiting for hours before finally agreeing to see him.
Story Continued Below
“There is a low level of trust between our two countries,” Tillerson told reporters, in one of Wednesday’s biggest understatements. “The world’s two foremost nuclear powers cannot have this kind of relationship.”
Under U.S. President Donald Trump, they weren’t supposed to.
Just days ago, the Trump administration was still counting on improving U.S. relations with Russia, to the point that officials, including Tillerson, appeared ready to cede Syria’s fate to the Kremlin’s wishes. But Syrian President Bashar Assad’s suspected use of chemical weapons last week, and Trump’s decision to retaliate with a missile strike, have dramatically altered the calculus. What could have been a Tillerson-led bridge-building mission turned into a diplomatic staredown that ended with neither side budging on anything significant.
For Tillerson, the moment was extra strange. During his years as CEO of ExxonMobil, he aggressively pursued oil and gas exploration in Russia, and developed good relations with Putin, even receiving a friendship award from him. 
Tillerson met with Putin for roughly two hours, a meeting the Russians agreed to at the last moment. It’s not unusual for the Russian president to keep his decision on whether to meet a foreign leader under wraps, or even to keep that person waiting for hours. But it seemed like a snub considering he’s known Tillerson for years and this was Tillerson’s first visit to Russia as secretary of state.
Back in Washington, after largely staying quiet on the subject in recent days, Trump weighed in Wednesday on Russia’s role in Syria, questioning Putin’s support for the “evil” Assad in an interview with Fox Business News. In a news conference later, Trump said it was "possible" the Kremlin knew Assad was planning last week's chemical attack, though Tillerson said there was no evidence of that yet. But Trump also reiterated his longstanding belief that working with Russia was still a worthy goal. “It would be a fantastic thing if we got along with Putin and if we got along with Russia,” Trump said.
Putin, meanwhile, shelled out some fresh disdain for America, telling the Mir TV channel that, under Trump, “trust at the working level, especially at the military level, hasn’t gotten better; rather, it’s deteriorated.” And, as if to ding the U.S. further, Russia vetoed a U.N. resolution condemning the chemical attack in Syria and announced it had invited the Syrian and Iranian foreign ministers to visit Moscow later this week. 
Tillerson, who has been raising his profile in recent days, seemed to take the developments in stride.
During a news conference with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, the laconic secretary of state held firm to U.S. conclusions that Assad was behind the April 4 gass attack that killed dozens in Syria’s Idlib province. He said there was no place for Assad or Assad’s relatives in a future Syrian government, although he cast the timing of Assad’s farewell as a matter of negotiations.
“That the recent chemical weapons attack carried out in Syria was planned, it was directed and executed by Syrian regime forces and we're quite confident of that,” Tillerson said. “It's important that Assad’s departure is done in an orderly way so that certain interests and constituencies that he represents feel they have been represented at the negotiating table for a political solution.”
Lavrov, in acerbic tones during the news conference and an earlier appearance before reporters, held firm to Russia’s views: that there’s no proof the Syrian regime was behind the gas attack; that the U.S. missile strike on a Syrian military airfield was illegal and must not be repeated; and that an independent investigation was required to establish what happened. Lavrov also repeated Russian assertions that rebel forces trying to oust Assad have their own stockpiles of chemical weapons.
“With regard to the use of chemicals in the territory controlled by the opposition, on numerous occasions the Syrian government and the Syrian servicemen have given us absolute evidence about the use of chemical weapons. This was not some kind of distant information but information from the site,” the Russian foreign minister said.
There were some small signs of progress toward greater cooperation. The Russians said they would resume coordinating with the United States on the “de-confliction” channel that prevents the two nations’ respective aircraft from colliding over Syria. Both sides reiterated that they are committed to battling terrorist organizations in Syria and beyond. There also was an agreement to establish new channels to work through what Lavrov called “irritants” in the relationship and that Tillerson described as unspecified “smaller issues.”
Tillerson has in recent days blasted Russia for incompetence or complicity in the Syrian chemical attack, saying Moscow was not living up to the terms of a 2013 deal to help eliminate Assad’s stockpile of such weapons. But when pressed Wednesday, Tillerson said the U.S. had “no firm information to indicate that there was any involvement by Russia” in the specific attack on Idlib.
Russia, along with Iran, has been militarily backing Assad, whose fight with rebels trying to oust him has killed around half a million people since 2011. Under the presidency of Barack Obama, the United States staged military action against the Islamic State terrorist group in Syria, but it avoided attacking the Assad regime. Trump’s decision to launch a missile strike against a Syrian regime air base to respond to the chemical attack came after Obama resisted similar calls to punish Assad for using toxic agents. 
Lavrov did seem to offer the new U.S. administration a twisted olive branch of sorts when he blamed the Obama administration for leaving behind “time bombs” in the soured U.S.-Russia relationship.
But he also took multiple digs at Tillerson, as well as the United States — bringing up the ghosts of Iraq’s Saddam Hussein and other dictators whose falls led to instability. At one point, Lavrov suggested the U.S. is avoiding striking non-Islamic State terrorist groups in Syria, such as the Al-Nusra Front, because it wants those elements to “trigger plan B and try to overturn the regime of Assad.”
“We talked today about the history and Rex said that he was a new man and he's not interested so much in history,” the veteran Russian diplomat said. “He wants to deal with today's problems, but the world is constructed in a way that if we don't look at the past, we can't deal with the present.”
Ahead of his meeting with Tillerson, Lavrov called Trump’s foreign policy contradictory and said it isn’t easy to figure out what the United States wants because Tillerson has yet to fill numerous empty positions at the State Department.
The Russian and U.S. teams discussed a range of issues beyond Syria, including Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, but there were no major public shifts in the two countries’ positions. Asked whether the discussions included allegations that Russia tried to interfere in the 2016 U.S. elections, Tillerson said it came up “briefly” in the context of cybersecurity and that the two sides would talk more about it in the future.
Much of Russia’s loud dissent over the U.S. missile strike on Syria may be political posturing aimed at appeasing domestic audiences. Putin has long projected himself as a steely strongman willing to stand up to an arrogant United States, and he may be trying to bolster that image following recent protests that hinted at unhappiness with his rule. 
But Russia specialists say Putin isn’t especially fond of Assad, even as he considers Russia’s geostrategic interest in Syria of vital importance. So behind the scenes, it’s likely that both sides set aside the theatrics for a pragmatic and direct conversation, if not necessarily a friendly one. Putin’s decision to meet with Tillerson also may have been a recognition that Moscow cannot entirely cut off relations with the United States.
The Trump administration’s escalating fight with Putin also may help the Republican president politically. U.S. federal authorities are investigating whether the suspected Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election helped Trump, and whether any of his aides played a role. Trump’s willingness to attack Assad and anger Russia has, in a sense, given him some anti-Kremlin credibility amid those probes.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump promised to be open-minded on a number of issues. Over the past week, he’s delivered.
The man who pledged to cut deals rather than adhere to any ideology — or to any detailed policy platform — has, in recent days, demonstrated an incredible willingness to bend his past positions, or abandon them entirely. Sometimes he offers an explanation; sometimes not. But after an embarrassing failure to deliver on his promise to repeal Obamacare, Trump is making sure the world knows he does not share the hard-line proclivities of the House conservatives who derailed the health care deal and have proved a thorn in the side of Republican leaders.
Story Continued Below
From health care and the Export-Import Bank to NATO and to China’s alleged currency manipulation, Trump has made moves that would leave a more traditional politician labeled a flip-flopper. But for Trump, who sold himself in part on a businessman’s flexibility, the moves fit his reputation for unpredictability.
“I said it was obsolete,” Trump said of NATO during a news conference with Jens Stoltenberg, the body’s secretary general on Wednesday, referring to a comment he made during the campaign. “It’s no longer obsolete.” 
Trump chalked up the change to what he said is a new NATO focus on terrorism. But NATO has long made combating global terrorism a priority, and fought alongside the U.S. in its campaigns against Al Qaeda and the Taliban, and many NATO member states have aided the campaign against the Islamic State.
On China, too, Trump has changed his posture. He regularly, and gleefully, lambasted China on the campaign trail, painting it as a prime culprit for Americans’ economic woes and vowing to toughen up trading policy with the world’s second-largest economy — first and foremost by labeling the nation a currency manipulator.
“They’re not currency manipulators,” Trump told The Wall Street Journal on Wednesday. He said any currency manipulation has ceased and suggested such a label would hurt the prospects of working with China to declaw a nuclear-armed and increasingly belligerent North Korea.
And, after a few days with Chinese President Xi Jinping at his Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida, Trump is now praising Xi as a willing partner.
“I’ve spent a lot of time with him over the last two days,” Trump said at Wednesday’s news conference, referring to last week’s meeting. “President Xi wants to do the right thing. We had a very good bonding, I think we had a very good chemistry together. I think he wants to help us with North Korea. We talked trade, we talked a lot of things.” 
“I was very impressed with President Xi and I think he means well and I think he wants to help,” Trump added. “We’ll see whether or not he does.” 
In another change in the Wall Street Journal interview, Trump declared he now supports the Export-Import Bank. The bank, which guarantees loans for U.S. companies, has become a target of many conservatives but is supported by major American companies like Boeing.
“It turns out that, first of all, lots of small companies are really helped, the vendor companies,” Trump told the WSJ on the Ex-Im bank.
In his most significant shift, Trump — who pledged to keep the United States out of protracted conflicts in the Middle East — deepened U.S. military involvement in Syria last week with a barrage of missile strikes on a Syrian air base in response to a poison gas attack on civilians.
Trump explained that shift by pointing to the images of those killed in the attack, particularly the children, whom he mentioned again at his news conference on Wednesday. Trump was by no means alone in the Syria shift. A number of Republicans in Congress who opposed airstrikes in response to chemical weapons use under former President Barack Obama have supported Trump’s move.
And on health care, Trump also seems to be waffling. After telling congressional Republicans he would abandon repeal efforts and move on to tax reform if they couldn’t reach an agreement on the American Health Care Act, he now seems to be mulling a return to health care.
“We're going to have a phenomenal tax reform, but I have to do health care first,” Trump told Fox News this week. “I want to do it first to really do it right.”
Even Trump’s media habits shifted on Wednesday. After sticking to friendly reporters in his previous news conferences with foreign leaders, including conservative media outlets and Mark Halperin, Trump on Wednesday called on two mainstream reporters from prominent national outlets — Jeff Mason of Reuters and Anita Kumar of McClatchy newspapers.
He deftly handled both questions, as well as those from the foreign press, avoiding any of the eyebrow-raising comments that have emerged at his past news conferences, such as his joke about the U.S. wiretapping German chancellor Angela Merkel.
But on one weighty foreign policy issue, Trump has declined to move. That’s his stance toward Russian President Vladimir Putin, who throughout the campaign Trump declined to attack and often praised. The Russian government conducted an influence campaign to aid Trump during the presidential election, the U.S. intelligence community concluded. But tensions with Russia have increased in recent days as Moscow continues to support Bashar Assad’s ruthless campaign in Syria.
Trump was asked multiple times Wednesday if his opinion of Putin has changed. He avoided the question, though he left the door open for a future shift.
“I’ll also see about Putin over a period of time,” Trump said of the Russian strongman.
“It would be a fantastic thing if we got along with Putin and if we got along with Russia,” Trump added. “And that could happen, and it may not happen, and it may be just the opposite. I can only tell you what I would like to do. I would love to be able to get along with everybody.”



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s allies and aides are so eager to rebuff charges that the president is in Vladimir Putin’s pocket that they’re seizing on last week’s strikes on Syria as the latest proof for their case.
Amid a seemingly never-ending stream of revelations about the Trump campaign’s Russia entanglements, White House boosters are keen to note the bombing of the Bashar Assad regime, for its alleged chemical weapons attack, has fueled a major rift with Russia, a key Syrian ally.
Story Continued Below
“If Donald Trump is in bed with Putin, why did he just kick him in the balls?” longtime Trump confidant Roger Stone asked in an interview Wednesday — a sentiment echoed in less colorful terms recently by Trump’s son Eric, White House press secretary Sean Spicer and a number of right-wing commentators.
Congressional Democrats and liberal advocates, meanwhile, say the argument is the latest in a string of diversionary tactics meant to distract from Trump’s ballooning Russia scandal, which has already ensnared close advisers, including former national security adviser Michael Flynn and Attorney General Jeff Sessions.
“I am disturbed that the president’s supporters would distract the American people from what our main focus should be related to Syria — Assad’s six-year long murderous rampage against the Syrian people, supported by President Putin,” Sen. Ben Cardin of Maryland, the top Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said in a statement.
“That they would try and make this false distinction again underscores why we need an independent commission to investigate Russia’s attack on our democracy,” Cardin continued. “The president also must lay out a clear strategy for ending the war in Syria.”
Sabrina Singh, a spokeswoman for the Democratic opposition research group American Bridge, said Trump’s allies are “grasping at straws.”
"If this whole effort was launched to try and create distance between Trump and Russia — as his allies are suggesting — then the president is an even more disgusting person than we previously thought,” Singh said. “And that's saying a lot.”
Since his inauguration, Trump’s White House has been under a growing Russia-related cloud, particularly over allegations that some of his campaign aides may have colluded with Moscow in its campaign to damage Hillary Clinton. Trump’s allies are desperate to change the topic and move on.
“So much for the idea that Vladimir Putin was believed to give Donald Trump the presidency,” CNN political commentator and Trump supporter Jeffrey Lord declared on Tuesday.
This week, though, has been particularly bad for Trump, with major new reports about two of his campaign advisers’ ties to Moscow.
The Washington Post reported Tuesday that the FBI got a warrant last summer to monitor former Trump foreign policy adviser Carter Page because of suspicions he was acting as an agent of Russia. And the Associated Press on Wednesday revealed further evidence that former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort received off-the-books payments from a pro-Russian political party in Ukraine.
The House and Senate Intelligence Committees are investigating Russia’s meddling in the presidential election, as is the FBI.
The House panel has been in a state of turmoil of late, though some lawmakers are hopeful it can get back on track after embattled Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes (R-Calif.) announced he would step aside from leading his panel’s probe. Members of both parties have expressed confidence in the Senate investigation, which has begun conducting interviews with the intelligence analysts behind January’s assessment that Russia sought to sway the election for Trump.
But a number of Democrats, including Cardin, are calling for a more independent probe run by an outside commission or a select committee — something Republican leaders have rejected in favor of the investigations run by the secretive intelligence panels.
“In reality,” Singh said, Trump’s decision to bomb the Assad regime “changes nothing with respect to the multiple ongoing investigations of Trump's ties to Russia.” 
On the campaign trail, Trump repeatedly praised Putin and expressed a desire to patch up relations with Russia after ties frayed under the Obama administration.
But in the first few months of Trump’s administration, it has become clear Russia and the United States are moving farther apart on key issues.
Trump’s cruise missile strike — which he said was retribution for Assad’s most recent use of chemical weapons against his own people — represented a major blow to U.S.-Russia relations, with Putin saying in a Russian television interview that under Trump the relationship “has not improved, but rather has deteriorated.”
Rex Tillerson, on his first trip to Russia as secretary of state, told reporters after a meeting with Putin Wednesday, “The current state of U.S.-Russia relations is at a low point.”
Trump’s son Eric has pointed to the deteriorating relationship as evidence that there never was any connection between his father and Russia.
“If there was anything that Syria did, it was to validate the fact that there is no Russia tie,” he told The Daily Telegraph Tuesday.
Asked at the White House about Eric Trump’s remarks, Spicer issued his latest broadside against those who accuse Trump of having nefarious ties to Moscow.
“Respectfully, almost every single day we've been asked about these so-called ties and back channels and whatever,” Spicer said, adding that it was notable the administration did not have a political discussion with Russia about its Syria strike ahead of time. “I think there is an acknowledgement at some point that if that was true, you would have seen some kind of [conversation] that clearly didn't happen.”



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump may tap a vocal critic of climate change science to serve as the highest-ranking environmental official in the White House.
Kathleen Hartnett White, who says carbon emissions are harmless and should not be regulated, is a top contender to run the Council on Environmental Quality, the White House’s in-house environmental policy shop, sources close to the administration told POLITICO. 
Story Continued Below
White House officials brought White in for an interview late last month, according to a person familiar with the hiring process, and Trump met with White at Trump Tower in November when she was under consideration to lead the Environmetal Protection Agency. 
Adding White to the administration would be a major win for Steve Bannon, Trump's chief strategist, and other hard-line conservatives in the White House, who have been feuding behind the scenes for weeks with the more moderate forces in the West Wing over issues like climate change. And her nomination could appease Trump’s climate skeptic supporters, who have criticized EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt for hesitating to revisit his agency's conclusion that global warming threatens public health.
Trump administration officials are divided over whether White is the best person for the job, and they are also considering other candidates to lead CEQ, sources said. A White House spokeswoman declined to comment, saying, "We will let you know when we have an announcement."
Like Pruitt, the former Oklahoma attorney general and fossil fuel ally, White would be another voice from a large oil and gas producing state in charge of climate change and environmental policy.
White is a former chairwoman of the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality who now works for a conservative think tank in the Lone Star State. Energy Secretary Rick Perry, a former Texas governor, is said to be advocating on White’s candidacy behind the scenes.
Tapping White would only deepen environmentalists’ fears that the new administration will implement a wholesale reversal of former President Barack Obama's approach to climate change as a serious, long-term threat to the environment and national security.
White sat on Trump’s economic advisory council during his campaign and since 2008 has worked at the Austin-based conservative think tank Texas Public Policy Foundation, which has received funding from Koch Industries, ExxonMobil, Chevron, ConocoPhillips, Devon Energy and other energy companies and utilities. White, who was a registered lobbyist with the group until Nov. 29, has long been a major voice in the niche industry of public figures who question climate science data or downplay the risks of global warming.
“Carbon dioxide is not a pollutant, and carbon is certainly not a poison. Carbon is the chemical basis of all life on earth. Our bones and blood are made out of carbon,” White wrote in a June op-ed. She added that CO2 is the “gas of life” because it is a nutrient used by plants — an argument frequently raised by climate skeptics that most scientists say distracts from the climate-changing components of the gas.
White’s position contrasts sharply with established climate science. In its most recent comprehensive report, the United Nations' Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, the leading scientific body on global warming, concluded that the Earth is warming because of human-generated emissions — and that time is running short to stave off the worst risks of climate change, including increased temperatures, more extreme weather, sea level rise and ocean acidification.
Similar findings have been reached by U.S. authorities, including EPA, NASA and NOAA — all agencies that would be subject to guidance White would issue as CEQ chair, if she were confirmed by the Senate.
In an interview with POLITICO in September, White proposed establishing a "blue ribbon commission" to relitigate climate science, underscoring her unorthodox belief that the science showing human-induced climate change is unsettled.
The commission, she said, would develop an "alternative scientific methodology" to the IPCC, whose usefulness she said has "reached its peak.”
If nominated, White would likely be an advocate within the administration of reopening the foundation of Obama's climate change agenda: EPA’s 2009 “endangerment finding,” a scientific conclusion that greenhouse gases constitute a threat to public health or welfare.
Trump told an industry-backed think tank last year that he will “review” the endangerment finding, a potentially difficult task given the scientific consensus on the issue. Any withdrawal of the finding would be challenged by environmentalists in court. 
Pruitt has so far declined to reopen the endangerment finding, a decision that has infuriated some of Trump's conservative supporters. 
White would be able to play a key role in shaping the Trump administration's overall approach to climate change, and she has been clear that she does not think the issue should be addressed by EPA. In 2015, she argued that Obama's rules to limit carbon emissions from power plants marked "an unprecedented expansion of federal administrative power" with "no measurable climate benefits.” And last May, she urged House Speaker Paul Ryan to pass a bill that would block EPA from regulating carbon dioxide, methane, hydrofluorocarbons or other greenhouse gases.
At CEQ, White could direct other agencies to turn their attention away from climate change, and she would be in charge of implementing recent executive orders on energy development and regulatory streamlining. Last month, Trump ordered the council to revoke recently issued guidance directing all federal agencies to consider climate change when they conduct environmental reviews under the National Environmental Policy Act, a decision that would be difficult to challenge in court. And in January, the president told CEQ to come up with a plan to expedite environmental reviews for major infrastructure projects. 
While environmentalists have long accused GOP officials of dragging their feet on climate change, White is by far the most outspoken critic of the underlying science — and the most ardent defender of fossil fuels — that Trump has considered to serve in his administration.
In a 2014 blog post, White took aim at an article in The Nation by MSNBC host Chris Hayes, whose "recommendation to avert global warming, like most warmist policies, toys with the greatest advance made by mankind," she wrote. In White's view, there is a connection between “the abolition of slavery and humanity's first widespread use of energy from fossil fuels.” The rise of coal and oil, she argued, provided economic incentive to end the practice of slavery in the U.S. and elsewhere. (One critic fired back that the industrial revolution actually “exacerbated” slavery by increasing the demands for slave-produced goods such as cotton.)
Putting a permanent CEQ chair in place would also raise the question of where Trump wants decision-making on environmental issues to happen — in the White House or at agencies. 
The Obama administration shifted major environmental responsibilities from CEQ to EPA and some other agencies as it sought aggressive action on climate change. It remains unclear whether Trump’s CEQ will continue in that vein or have a greater role in policymaking, though outside Republicans have encouraged Trump aides to grant the council wide latitude. 
The council was run from 2015 through the end of Obama's term by Christy Goldfuss, an unconfirmed managing director. Obama never nominated a replacement for his first CEQ chair, Nancy Sutley, who left in 2014.
White’s criticisms of Obama environmental regulations go beyond climate change.
She said in 2015 that EPA’s Waters of the U.S. rule, which determines which bodies of water are subject to federal oversight, “is about amending the definitions of well understood words into tortured versions of themselves so that the EPA can seize control of dry land where water may flow after heavy rains.”
She also criticized the new ozone standard of 70 parts per billion, calling the rule’s scientific conclusions “a statistical house of cards” and predicting it “may be the straw that breaks the back of our struggling economy.” 
White, who received her bachelor's and master’s degrees from Stanford University, was a commissioner at the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality from 2001 to 2007, serving as chairman for the last four years of that term. She previously sat on the Texas Water Development Board.
Environmentalists do give White some credit for advances made during her tenure at TCEQ.
Luke Metzger, director of Environment Texas, told POLITICO that she helped implement a legislative order to create an online reporting system for major emissions events, which is still used by green activists to track noncompliance by major energy companies. Metzger also credited her with a "slightly improved" enforcement policy, though he noted that she blocked an effort by a fellow TCEQ commissioner in 2006 to boost penalties.
In 2008, White joined the Texas Public Policy Foundation, where she directs its Armstrong Center for Energy & the Environment.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump said that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson’s meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Wednesday went better than expected, but that the U.S. relationship with Russia remains at “an all-time low.” 
“Right now, we’re not getting along with Russia at all,” Trump said Wednesday at a joint news conference alongside NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg. "We may be at an all-time low in terms of our relationship with Russia."
Story Continued Below
The comments were similar to those from Tillerson, who, following a previously unannounced meeting with Putin, said that U.S.-Russia relations were at a “low point." Tensions have flared between the two countries in recent weeks after the regime of Syrian President Bashar Assad, a Russian ally, used chemical weapons against civilians last week, which prompted Trump to launch retaliatory airstrikes. 
But the remarks also seemed to skip over the Cold War in the second half of the 20th century, during which the Soviet Union and the United States teetered on the brink of nuclear war. 
“We don’t want a new Cold War,” Stoltenberg said a few seconds later. “We don’t want a new arms race.” 
Trump said it would be “fantastic” if the U.S. and Russia could have better relations, and said his opinion about Putin might change over time. But he would not say what he thought that future relationship might look like, saying only that “we’re going to see what happens.” 
“It would be a fantastic thing if we got along with Putin and if we got along with Russia,” Trump said. “And that could happen, and it may not happen, and it may be just the opposite. I can only tell you what I would like to do. I would love to be able to get along with everybody.”
“Right now, the world is a mess, but I think by the time we finish, I think it’s going to be a lot better place to live,” he added. “And I can tell you that, speaking for myself, by the time I’m finished, it’s going to be a lot better place to live in because right now, it’s nasty.”



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump said Wednesday it is possible Russia knew beforehand about the chemical weapons attack in Syria last week, saying it was "probably unlikely" Bashar Assad’s regime could have launched the attack without his ally’s knowledge. 
“I know they’re doing investigations into that right now,” Trump told reporters at the White House. “I would like to think that [Russia] didn't know, but certainly they could have. They were there, so we’ll find out.”
Story Continued Below
Trump, speaking at a joint news conference with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg, also reiterated that the chemical attack was “vicious and violent” and said he has “absolutely no doubt” that ordering airstrikes against Assad’s regime was the right response.
“There can’t be a worse sight, and it shouldn’t be allowed,” Trump said. "That’s a butcher, that’s a butcher, so I felt we had to do something about it.”
“I have absolutely no doubt we did the right thing, and it was very, very successfully done,” he added.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was in Moscow on Wednesday to meet with Russian officials. 



ARTICLE
Standing alongside NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg, President Donald Trump reversed his position Wednesday on the North Atlantic Treaty Organization.
“I said it was obsolete,” Trump recalled during a joint news conference at the White House. “It’s no longer obsolete.”
Story Continued Below
Trump repeatedly called the alliance obsolete as a presidential candidate, at one point going so far as to suggest he wouldn’t defend NATO allies under attack unless they paid their fair share in defense spending.
Nevertheless, a senior White House official indicated Wednesday morning that Trump’s conversation with Stoltenberg wouldn’t be “awkward” despite the president’s past comments.
Trump told reporters in his opening statement that the two leaders agreed that NATO members should contribute 2 percent of national GDP for defense and that they also discussed terrorism.
“If other countries pay their fair share instead of relying on the United States to make up the difference, we will all be much more secure, and our partnership will be made that much stronger,” Trump said. “The secretary general and I had a productive discussion about what more NATO can do in the fight against terrorism. I complained about that a long time ago, and they made a change, and now they do fight terrorism.”
Trump’s claim about NATO changing its role, however, is a false statement he also made as a candidate. PolitiFact rated that claim “false,” writing that Trump was referring to the creation of a senior NATO post for coordinating intelligence sharing, which the fact-checking organization noted at the time was “just the most recent incremental change in how the alliance handles counter-terrorism.”
Asked about Trump’s about-face on NATO later Wednesday on CNN, Stoltenberg told anchor Wolf Blitzer that he was “happy” the president shifted his stance on whether the alliance was “obsolete,” casting it as a reflection of NATO’s ability to adapt over the years. 
 Stoltenberg also brushed past Trump’s past criticisms, stressing that his comments in an official diplomatic capacity at the White House on Wednesday were what mattered. 
 “The important thing for me – it’s important that he has clearly stated today that he doesn’t regard NATO as obsolete,” the NATO leader said. “But second I think that it’s good he has been focused on how NATO can change and adapt and respond to different security [matters].”
 Pressed on whether he trusted Trump’s word, despite his reversal, Stoltenberg said he supported the president’s message and commitment to the alliance. 
 “I welcome his very strong message on defense spending, on burden sharing, and on NATO’s role in fighting terrorism, that we have to step up and do more and these are issues we discussed today,” he said. 
 Stoltenberg added: “I trust his very strong commitment to NATO, of course, because he has shown in not only in words but in deeds.”



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
Kellyanne Conway briefly strayed from the White House's long-standing critiques of the media Wednesday to deliver a rare bit of praise to certain print outlets for what she called improving coverage, bristling especially at the characterization that the president dislikes a top New York Times reporter. 
Speaking at the Newseum to Hollywood Reporter columnist Michael Wolff, Conway said she gives the media an “incomplete” grade for their coverage of President Donald Trump's administration thus far, saying it's too early to judge. It was likely a more generous grade than several of her White House colleagues would offer. 
Story Continued Below
And though she repeated her complaints from the campaign trail about bias in journalists’ Twitter feeds, Conway said she had noticed some print reporters have changed they way they’ve covered President Trump versus candidate Trump. 
"There are some print journalists particularly who have taken the time to try to get to know this president and how he operates and who he is and some of the senior administration officials, and they’re doing much better, in my view, of covering the White House,” Conway said.
Conway seemed to hint that at least one of those journalists was the New York Times’ Maggie Haberman. When Wolff said Trump had told him he dislikes the reporter, Conway said that was “not true” and defended Haberman, who recently interviewed the president in the Oval Office. 
"She's a very hardworking, honest journalist who happens to be a very good person,” Conway said, clearly frustrated. 
But Conway also criticized most of the media, especially television, for its herd mentality. The press corps all tend to ask the same questions, Conway complained. 
"They judge [the president] according to their predisposed beliefs about what motivates him, what his personality is, how he makes decisions, what’s important to him thematically and issues-wise, and I just think a lot of the right questions aren’t being asked. The comfort in sameness has an effect where people are afraid to go first,” Conway said. 
Conway also said she disagreed with some of the language used toward reporters by her colleagues, notably White House chief strategist Steve Bannon, who declared the media the “opposition party." 
"I do want to say that some of the words being used to describe [the press], which you are repeating, I have not used. I think it’s very important in a healthy democracy to have a free and a fair press,” Conway told Wolff. "Part of that democracy too though is to have a presidency, no matter who the occupant is, shown respect and shown an openness to really cover all the items that he has put forth and his considerable accomplishment in the first 80-some days that have really gone uncovered.” 
Asked if there was a disconnect between a White House that has been openly hostile toward the media — but still seems eager to talk to reporters — Conway seemed to jab at some of her colleagues. 
"I have noticed if you’re someone who says they never talk to the media, you’re really free to talk to the media as much as you want," she said. "Because no one would suspect you’re talking to the media, which is fascinating.” 



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump blamed the rampant understaffing across the government’s executive branch on the “lousy process” of confirmations and told Fox Business that he is being unfairly blamed for a system that is outside his control. 
“I am waiting right now for so many people. Hundreds and hundreds of people. And then they’ll say why isn't Trump doing this faster?’ You can't do it faster because they're obstructing. They're obstructionists,” Trump said in an interview that aired Wednesday morning. “So I have people, hundreds of people, that we’re trying to get through. I mean, you see the backlog. Can't get them through.”
Story Continued Below
Across the federal government, the Trump administration has yet to fill hundreds of positions, including deputy secretary positions at multiple department and top ambassadorial posts. While Trump blamed the slow-moving confirmation process, others involved in filling the vacant posts have blamed an inefficient White House process, marked by disagreement and “paranoia,” that is overseen by the president himself.
Contrary to Trump’s claim that he has “hundreds and hundreds of people” awaiting confirmation, the White House had, as of April 7, put forward just 24 nominations for the 533 key posts that require Senate approval. Of those 24 nominees, 22 have been confirmed.
Former President Barack Obama had 54 nominees confirmed by April 7, 2009. Former President George W. Bush had 32 by April 7, 2001, and Bill Clinton had 44 as of the same date in 1993.
Trump did tout one major confirmation that his administration has won, that of newly sworn-in Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch, the president’s pick to fill the seat left vacant by the death of Justice Antonin Scalia. But even that confirmation required a historic tactic, with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell successfully marshaling votes to remove his chamber’s filibuster rules for Supreme Court nominees, allowing Gorsuch to be confirmed via a simple majority instead of the historic 60-vote threshold.
“The newspapers will say ‘Trump doesn't get them through.’ Well, it’s nothing to do with me. Statutorily, you have to go through this process,” he said. “So it's been a lousy process. It's taken a long time to get my Cabinet done, and as you know, it's not even done now. This is record stuff. We’re talking about records in terms of time and it's very sad.”



ARTICLE
Voters support the initial U.S. airstrikes in Syria ordered last week by President Donald Trump, according to a new POLITICO/Morning Consult poll — but there is less backing for an escalation of hostilities that includes ground forces.
Nearly two-thirds of voters, 66 percent, support last week’s airstrikes on a Syrian air field, the poll shows. That includes 35 percent who strongly support the strikes, and 31 percent who somewhat support them. Only 24 percent oppose the strikes, and 10 percent don’t have an opinion.
Story Continued Below
Support for the strikes is fairly bipartisan, the poll shows. While 82 percent of Republicans back the strikes, so do 57 percent of Democratic voters and 59 percent of independents.
The POLITICO/Morning Consult poll shows a wider margin of support than other public polls. In describing the action to poll respondents, the POLITICO/Morning Consult survey did not say that the strikes were ordered by Trump. Additionally, the poll described the strikes as a response “to deadly chemical weapons attacks against Syrian citizens, allegedly ordered by [Syrian President] Bashar al-Assad.” Other surveys do not include the information that the chemical weapons attacks were deadly — or don’t mention the chemical weapons at all.
Other questions suggest a limited appetite for military action in Syria. 
"Sixty-three percent of Americans say the U.S. should be doing more in Syria, but when we ask what concrete actions should be taken, that support falters," said Kyle Dropp, Morning Consult's co-founder and chief research officer. "For example, 57 percent support airstrikes, and 39 percent support putting troops on the ground to remove Assad. The only action that garners widespread support is imposing tighter sanctions, which 70 percent of Americans support."
Overall, 30 percent of voters have “a lot” of confidence in Trump “to take the necessary towards ending the ongoing civil war in Syria.” Another 27 percent have “some” confidence, 14 percent characterize their confidence in Trump as “not much” and 20 percent have no confidence “at all.”
Trump signaled Tuesday that he won’t send U.S. ground troops into Syria.
Syria is breaking through the din of news, the poll shows. Forty-four percent of voters have heard “a lot” about the suspected use of chemical weapons there, and a further 42 percent have heard about it somewhat. Only 10 percent say they haven’t heard much about it, and 4 percent haven’t heard anything at all.
Voters are split on Trump’s job performance in the survey: Forty-eight percent approve, and 47 percent disapprove. In last week’s survey, 46 percent of voters approved of Trump, and 48 percent disapproved.
The poll was conducted April 6-9, surveying 1,988 registered voters. The margin of error is plus or minus 2 percentage points.
Morning Consult is a nonpartisan media and technology company that provides data-driven research and insights on politics, policy and business strategy.
More details on the poll and its methodology can be found in these two documents — Toplines: http://politi.co/2ox9JBV | Crosstabs: http://politi.co/2prCrBn



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump’s budget director is urging congressional Republicans to take a hard line against sanctuary cities in a must-pass spending bill, complicating efforts to avoid a government shutdown at the end of the month, according to officials in both parties.
Mick Mulvaney, Trump’s director of the Office of Management and Budget, is pressing lawmakers to include language to restrict federal funding grants for cities that do not enforce federal immigration policies. The goal is to bring the House Freedom Caucus on board with a government funding bill, according to Capitol Hill Republicans — or at least show that the administration is courting the support of the hard-right and pushing GOP leaders to adopt Trump's priorities.
Story Continued Below
But the effort by Mulvaney, a former conservative congressman from South Carolina, threatens to disrupt bipartisan negotiations on funding the government. Democrats are already calling a request for border wall money a “poison pill” that would shut down the government. An attempt to block liberal cities from receiving federal funds if they ignore immigration guidance would similarly cause Democrats to flee. The budget bill will need Democratic votes to pass — at least eight in the Senate, but probably in the House as well.
“It would blow up any chance of a bipartisan deal. Getting wall money is hard enough, and you get a guy pushing new riders out of nowhere,” said a Republican congressional aide. “I don’t see how catering to the Freedom Caucus votes help on [the] spending bill." 
The White House referred questions on the matter to the OMB. An agency spokesman declined to comment. 
The talks between congressional leaders are already delicate: Trump wants $1.4 billion for a border wall and security in the spending bill, but Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) says his caucus won’t support it. The Democratic leader reiterated his caucus’ stance during a conference call with reporters on Tuesday.
“There are no negotiations — I met with Mulvaney once,” Schumer said. “We hope our Republican colleagues won’t insist on things that will cause a government shutdown, but talks are going pretty well right now.”
Indeed, Schumer and Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) have been making significant progress that could be derailed by Mulvaney’s move. McConnell said in an interview on Friday that he had a “cordial” meeting with Schumer last week about avoiding a shutdown. Both McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) have vowed there will be no shutdown.
“Most things in the Senate do require 60 votes. Democrats are not irrelevant. The first big test of that will be the funding bill when we get back,” McConnell said.
Senior Republicans and members of the Appropriations Committee are trying to keep Mulvaney’s proposal out of the bill, sources said. The fear is that Senate Democrats will filibuster any bill with the sanctuary cities language and put Washington on a path toward a shutdown.
In the House, a GOP leadership source said the sanctuary cities restriction would repel Democrats and force Ryan to rely on House Freedom Caucus members to pass a funding bill. 
“Of course, that’s a nonstarter,” Matt Dennis, a spokesman for House Appropriations Committee ranking member Nita Lowey (D-N.Y.), said of the sanctuary cities idea. 
 Congress returns in two weeks and will have just five days to avert a shutdown before funding expires on April 28.
Because of the nation's decentralized process for grant-giving, it's difficult to say how much money would be at stake if Mulvaney's sanctuary cities proposal were adopted. While many grants come directly from a federal agency, more are doled out through state governments or local organizations.
After Trump administration officials suggested they would seek to block funding for sanctuary cities in January, Reuters projected that the 10 largest cities, from New York to Washington D.C., would stand to lose $2.27 billion in federal grants. That includes money for Head Start preschool programs, HIV prevention and airport infrastructure.
Cutting off money to sanctuary cities would force lawmakers to make tough decisions about whether to cut off an entire county from funding because a grant recipient technically falls within a sanctuary jurisdiction, the Congressional Research Service warned in a March report.
Republicans have little appetite for another high-profile failure, after the collapse last month of their effort to repeal and replace Obamacare. A government shutdown would undoubtedly be seen as a debacle for the Trump White House and the Republican Party, though Democrats could also draw blame if they vote against government funding. 
A Senate Democratic aide said that either border-wall funding or the sanctuary cities crackdown would tank any bipartisan efforts at a funding bill.
Mulvaney said in an interview Sunday with a Charlotte, North Carolina, radio host that it’s important that the president’s priorities be reflected in a government funding bill. A border wall was a centerpiece of Trump's campaign, and he was vocal about putting the screws to sanctuary cities, too.
“Elections have consequences. The president needs to see his priorities funded," Mulvaney told WBT, "if he’s going to be participating in signing these bills.”
Rachael Bade, Elana Schor and John Bresnahan contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
The White House on Wednesday will direct federal agencies to make deep personnel cuts over the next year, according to the White House budget chief and documents provided to POLITICO.
Agency heads will receive a 14-page memorandum outlining changes. The memo, which replaces the federal hiring ban President Donald Trump enacted in January, outlines cuts based on Trump’s "skinny" budget, released last month. The budget proposal called for deep cuts to domestic programs and an increase in military spending. 
Story Continued Below
The memo tells agencies to “begin taking immediate actions to achieve near-term workforce reductions." It also instructs agencies to develop by June 30 a plan to “maximize employee performance” — i.e., take steps to reward employees deemed effective while working to improve or dismiss weak performers. The memo also calls for delivery by September of an agency reform plan to shrink personnel to accommodate long-term budget reductions outlined in the skinny budget.
Speaking to reporters, budget chief Mick Mulvaney said the end result will likely take effect in about 11 months. The executive branch will be dramatically different, Mulvaney said, with agencies operating more like private businesses. Mulvaney downplayed the cuts, saying the focus is on making agencies more efficient, not just smaller. 
“Really what you’re talking about doing is restructuring Washington, D.C.,” Mulvaney said. “That is how you drain the swamp.”
“At the end of the day,” Mulvaney added, “this leads to a government that is dramatically more accountable, dramatically more efficient, and dramatically more effective at following through on the promises that the president made during the campaign.” 
The White House’s latest instructions to the agencies would appear to bear the fingerprints of chief strategist Steve Bannon, who pledged himself publicly to "deconstruction of the administrative state." 
Mulvaney did not discuss specifics of the cuts, including how many jobs will be slashed. That, he said, will be left up to the agencies. But Mulvaney did single out the Environmental Protection Agency — perhaps the agency most-loathed by Republicans — as a particular target.
“Everybody acknowledges, given the proposed reductions to the Environmental Protection Agency in the budget, they would have to reduce the size of their workforce,” Mulvaney said. “And it’s just sort of up to them to come up with ideas on how to do that effectively.”
But the Defense and Veterans Affairs departments will increase staffing, Mulvaney said, though he didn’t elaborate on how that will occur. He didn’t address whether agencies might hire contract workers to replace cut positions.
The memo says that agencies should eliminate programs that are duplicative, nonessential to the agency’s mission, or are already carried out in some form by state and local government. It also tells agencies to cut any program that is “not justified by the unique public benefit it provides” and to restructure programs to provide better customer service.
The memo also tells agencies to explore new technologies to “automate processes and result in increased efficiency and budgetary savings.”
Not all of the staffing cuts will be achieved through layoffs. Trump has yet to fill scores of positions, and the guidance says any vacant posts judged unnecessary can be eliminated immediately.
Mulvaney insisted the process could be bipartisan and include public input.
“We are not just asking conservative right-wing think tanks to give us ideas on how to fix this,” said Mulvaney, a former Republican congressman from South Carolina. “We’re asking the general public, intellectuals, academia and the private sector to give us ideas, and it may well be they come in and make suggestions that might be the exact opposite of a former right-wing member of Congress.”



ARTICLE
Kansas state Treasurer Ron Estes held a heavily Republican House district for the GOP in a special election Tuesday, but Democrats lashing back against the Republican Party gave Estes a scare in the first major federal election of Donald Trump’s presidency.
Estes took 53 percent of the vote to Democrat James Thompson’s 46 percent in the race for Kansas’ southern 4th District. But just five months ago, Trump won the district by 27 percentage points, a sharp turnaround driven by an energized Democratic base looking to strike back against Trump — and Kansas’ unpopular Republican governor, Sam Brownback.
Story Continued Below
"We've sent a message that no Republican district is safe," Thompson said after his loss Tuesday night, adding that he will run for the seat again in 2018.
Estes’ victory came after national Republicans scrambled in the final week of the campaign to deny Thompson a shocking upset victory. After private polling showed Estes ahead by only a slim margin for such a reliably Republican district, the NRCC launched a late TV ad bashing Thompson and backing Estes, followed by a flurry of big-name rescue efforts: House Speaker Paul Ryan sent out a fundraising pitch for Estes, Sen. Ted Cruz stumped in Wichita, and Vice President Mike Pence and Trump recorded robocalls sent to district Republicans urging them to vote on Tuesday.
A loss — in one of the 100 most Republican-leaning districts in the country, according to the Cook Political Report’s Partisan Voting Index scores, which measure presidential-election performance against the national average — would have been devastating for the GOP and particularly for Trump, who already in his young presidency has had trouble wrangling lawmakers to vote for administration priorities like the repeal of Obamacare.
Even with Estes’ victory, winning majority support for tough votes in Congress could become even more difficult if more Republicans see a chance of danger in the 2018 elections, though Republicans have noted that special elections are unpredictable by nature.
Trump himself triggered the special election by naming then-Rep. Mike Pompeo as his CIA director.
“I would not say this is any kind of referendum on Donald Trump,” Kansas Republican Party chairman Kelly Arnold said pre-election.
Yet even before the results were in, Democrats claimed victory in defeat, noting how much Estes was underperforming typical Republicans in the district, how energized Democratic voters are, and that several upcoming special elections, not to mention the 2018 midterms, will happen on more friendly turf.
“I think the momentum we've seen here on the ground, and outpouring of support from Democrats across the country into races like this, is a good signs for Democrats nationally regardless of what happens tonight,” Thompson campaign manager Colin Curtis said before the election. 
Thompson, at his election night party, blamed the late nationalization of the race for his defeat.
"Mr. Estes did not beat us," Thompson said. "It took a president of the United States, the vice president, the speaker of the House, a senator coming into our state, and a bunch of lies to try to drum up a vote." 
Some Republicans blamed Estes for running a lackluster campaign. But many simply hailed the win as the only thing that mattered.
"Tonight, Republicans emerged victorious in the first contested special election of the 2018 cycle," NRCC chairman Steve Stivers said in the statement. "By electing Ron Estes, Kansas rejected the far-left policies of liberal activists and voted to keep delivering on the promises we made to the American people."
“A victory is a victory for us,” Arnold said before the results came in, adding: “Anything like a 10-point margin is a good margin. But I’m happy with a one-point margin.”
Still, Democrats took note of Estes' relatively small margin.
"Kansas’ 4th Congressional District is ruby red and should never have been on the table," DCCC communications director Meredith Kelly said in a statement. "This massive swing from the 2016 presidential results should set off alarm bells for House Republicans."



ARTICLE
A former foreign policy adviser to President Donald Trump’s campaign says a report that the FBI obtained a secret court order to monitor his communications last summer is “very encouraging,” because it shows he is being made a political scapegoat in the ongoing investigations into potential ties between Trump associates and the Russian government.
Carter Page told POLITICO, in an interview conducted Tuesday evening via text message, that “further confirmation is now being revealed” about how he has been the subject of a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, or FISA, warrant against him. When pressed for details, he backed away from having any specific knowledge of the secret order, saying, “I don’t know anything. I’m just following what’s in the media.”
Story Continued Below
FISA warrants are highly classified and issued in secret by a special Justice Department court.
Targets of them are, by rule, not notified of them. And they rank among the most closely held secrets in government.
The Washington Post, citing anonymous sources, reported on Tuesday that the FBI had compiled a lengthy file and obtained a FISA warrant against Page in July because there was probable cause to believe the energy consultant was acting as an agent of a foreign power — in this case, Russia.
Page acknowledged the report, saying, “There had been prior reports, but I was so happy to hear that further confirmation is now being revealed.”
The Justice Department declined to comment.
Page said Tuesday evening that he was being investigated, at least in part, for remarks he has made — including during a July 2016 speech in Russia — that were highly critical of U.S. energy policy.
The FISA court was created after a series of embarrassing disclosures about how the U.S. government improperly spied on dissenters. Despite claims by Page and others that FISA warrants have been used to gather intelligence for political reasons, the application process has built into it numerous layers of oversight to prevent that from happening, both at the FBI and at the Justice Department, which has been known to reject an application several times before approving it for consideration by the secret court of specially tapped federal judges.
In recent remarks, FBI Director James Comey provided rare insight into the FISA process, saying that it was virtually impervious to politics. He also told a House intelligence panel investigating Russian meddling in the U.S. election that FISA warrants include an encyclopedic amount of information needed to show that there is probable cause that someone is acting as an agent of a foreign power, which is a requirement for approval of the warrants. Most are approved for 90 days, at which time the probable cause must be re-established.
Even though many of the FISA judges are Republican appointees, “Each application for one of these surveillance warrants … is made before an individual judge of the court.” Nearly all the applications formally presented to the court are approved, but current and former Justice Department officials say that’s because some are withdrawn or reworked after being sent to judges for informal review.
When asked Tuesday evening why he believed the court would approve a FISA warrant against him, Page again — as he has in the past — blamed unnamed Obama administration officials and allies of Hillary Clinton, the former secretary of state and Democratic presidential nominee. Page said these unnamed officials were trying to suppress dissent.
Page said the warrant “shows how low the Clinton/Obama regime went to destroy our democracy and suppress dissidents who did not fully support their failed foreign policy. It will be interesting to see what comes out when the unjustified basis for those FISA requests are more fully disclosed over time, including, potentially, the Dodgy Dossier — a document that clearly is false evidence, which could represent yet another potential crime.”
Page has often boasted about his contacts in Russia and the region, based in part on his work there as an investment banker on energy issues for several years in the 2000s. Since last fall, the FBI is believed to have been investigating whether Page engaged in some kind of private communications with Russian officials as part of its broader probe into the election meddling. Last August, then-Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid singled out Page and his visit to Moscow, without naming him, in asking Comey to have the FBI investigate Trump associates for possible ties to Russia’s election interference. 
Page, who founded the New York-based investment firm Global Energy Capital, has said he hasn’t had any inappropriate contacts with Russian officials, either as a representative of the Trump campaign or as a private individual and energy consultant, and that he welcomes the investigations because they will clear his name of unfair accusations.
“Let’s see what happens,” Page told POLITICO on Tuesday evening.
One senior Trump campaign national security adviser told POLITICO that Page was part of an early group of unpaid advisers who assisted the campaign in formulating policy on a range of issues. In Page’s case, it was energy policy, given his many years of experience as a global energy consultant.
The Trump campaign official also said Page constantly sought more access into the inner circle of the Trump campaign but was denied. And while he sent a constant stream of position papers, the campaign adviser said they were forwarded up the chain to more senior campaign officials over the summer like Corey Lewandowski and, later, Paul Manafort, but that it was unclear whether they ever resulted in any campaign platforms or policy proposals.
“In a lot of cases, they read like term papers,” the Trump campaign adviser said.
Page left the campaign last September amid disclosures of his ties to Russia, and Trump representatives said he had never been an official part of the team and that he was not authorized to speak on its behalf. They later said they had gotten cease and desist orders issued to stop Page from claiming an association. 
Last month, POLITICO reported that Lewandowski, at the time Trump’s campaign manager, approved Page’s now-infamous trip to Moscow last summer on the condition that the foreign policy adviser would not be an official representative of the campaign.
A few weeks before he traveled to Moscow to give a July 7 speech, Page asked J.D. Gordon, his supervisor on the campaign’s National Security Advisory Committee, for permission to make the trip, and Gordon strongly advised against it, Gordon, a retired naval officer, told POLITICO. Page then emailed Lewandowski and spokeswoman Hope Hicks asking for formal approval and was told by Lewandowski that he could make the trip, but not as an official representative of the campaign, the former campaign adviser said.
That trip is now a focus of congressional and FBI investigations into Russian influence in the 2016 presidential election, and, as a result, would be central to any FISA warrant obtained against Page.
The dossier to which Page referred, compiled by former British intelligence officer and Russia expert Christopher Steele, also alleged that Page met while in Moscow with Igor Sechin, the CEO of Russian state oil company Rosneft and a longtime close associate of Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Among the dossier’s many unverified claims: that Sechin offered Page and others the brokerage of a lucrative 19 percent stake in the massive oil company in exchange for the lifting of U.S. sanctions on Russia.
Page strongly denies that. But his visit, his critical remarks about U.S. energy policy while in Russia and other associations have made him one of the most visible and scrutinized Trump campaign associates who have been identified as being subjects of the FBI and congressional investigations.
Page has volunteered to testify before House and Senate intelligence committees investigating Russia’s interference in the presidential election, and whether any Trump-Russia connections inappropriately influenced it.
Sechin was one of many Russian officials sanctioned by Washington after the Putin government invaded and seized part of Ukraine. Page told POLITICO that he didn’t meet any sanctioned individuals in 2016, but he did not comment on whether he did so in any other year.
Josh Gerstein contributed to this report.



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
TROY, Ohio — Facing vocal liberal critics in a district that Donald Trump won by 34 percentage points, Republican Rep. Warren Davidson on Tuesday urged the president to seek congressional approval for further escalation of U.S. military involvement in Syria.
Davidson, a Freedom Caucus member who claimed the seat former Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) gave up last year, told constituents at a 90-minute town hall that he supported Trump's airstrike last week against an airfield controlled by Syrian President Bashar Assad. But Davidson questioned Assad's motivations for using chemical weapons against his own citizens, speculating that it "could be a false flag" — an unfounded theory put forth by conservative commentators — and warned against a military intervention in the Middle East that could mire the U.S. as Iraq did.
Story Continued Below
"One of the big things we have to get back to doing is following our Constitution," Davidson told the crowd. "Article I gives Congress the power to declare war."
About two-thirds of the people in the packed town hall, sponsored by a local conservative group, donned pro-Trump stickers or vocally supported Davidson's conservative voting record. But a sizable contingent of the crowd turned their initially quiet opposition to Davidson and Trump into a full-blown noisy walkout halfway through the event, storming from the room after Davidson claimed that "all of the promises" made for Obamacare "have been false."
Organizers of the town hall did not attempt to restrict attendees from outside Davidson's district, which is heavily GOP-leaning, and a local chapter of the anti-Trump protest group Indivisible asked members to attend.
In supporting Trump's airstrike but calling for a return to congressional authorizations for war, Davidson aligned with Freedom Caucus chairman Rep. Mark Meadows (R-S.C.), who made similar comments to local media on Tuesday. He also praised the House and Senate Intelligence committees' investigations into Russia's 2016 election meddling, probes that are poised to include Moscow's ties to the Trump campaign and administration.
"They create fake news articles, they create partially true news articles," Davidson said of Russia. "You can’t blindly say 'Trump good, critics bad' — there's fact here that says Russia is doing bad things around the world."
The former Army Ranger didn't shy away from controversial comments throughout the town hall, observing at one point that he left the military service out of frustration with competing doctrines: one aligned with Arizona GOP Sen. John McCain ("Surely, we can go to war with someone this week") and the other aligned with former Secretary of State John Kerry ("Air conditioners are a bigger threat than ISIS").
Davidson also faced some flak from the crowd after defending his support for cutting off federal funding for Planned Parenthood and his opposition to federal aid for the water crisis in Flint, Michigan. "That’s Flint’s problem, and if nothing else, it’s Michigan’s problem," he said.
"I catch a fair bit of grief from the whip for not voting party line," Davidson told the crowd at one point, adding that if anyone disagrees with his approach, "then there’s an election every two years."



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump will nominate lawyer and former Bush administration official John Sullivan to serve as Rex Tillerson's No. 2 at the State Department, the White House announced Tuesday. 
Sullivan, a partner at Mayer Brown LLP, a law firm based in Washington, D.C., served as deputy secretary of commerce under former President George W. Bush until 2009. Before that, he served as general counsel from 2005 to 2007. 
Story Continued Below
The White House noted that Sullivan co-chairs Mayer Brown's national security practice and serves as chairman of the United States-Iraq Business Dialogue, a committee aimed at boosting economic relations between the two countries. 
As Tillerson's No. 2 at the State Department, Sullivan will bring substantial federal government experience to the Trump administration, despite never having served for State.
Beyond his stints with the Commerce Department, Sullivan also served as general counsel for the Defense Department and as a legal assistant to former Assistant Attorney General Michael Luttig at the Justice Department under former President George H.W. Bush. 
The White House on Tuesday also announced plans for several other federal nominations, including Marshall Billingslea as assistant secretary for terrorist financing at the Treasury Department, Gilbert Kaplan for undersecretary of commerce for international trade, and John Marshall Mitnick for general counsel at the Department of Homeland Security. 



ARTICLE
The dragging of a battered, bloodied physician off a United Airlines flight “disturbed” the White House, provoked outrage from political leaders in both parties and turned one of the world’s biggest air carriers into a social media pariah as far away as China — while wiping out a quarter-billion dollars of the company’s market value Tuesday.
But don’t expect it to wreak much damage on the clout that United and other U.S. airlines wield in Washington, even as Sunday’s incident appeared to crystallize years of travelers' discontent with cramped seats, luggage restrictions and bewildering fees.
Story Continued Below
The White House and the Department of Transportation have offered only muted reactions to Sunday’s incident, in contrast to the anger at United churning through Facebook, Twitter and several statements from Capitol Hill. United CEO Oscar Munoz and other airline executives have also literally had a seat at the table with President Donald Trump, who is considering whether to support one of the industry’s biggest lobbying goals — splitting up the Federal Aviation Administration and giving airlines a bigger say in air traffic control.
Trump — a former airline owner and former United shareholder — has most likely seen the video of Dr. David Dao being dragged from Sunday’s overbooked flight in Chicago, White House press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters Tuesday. But Spicer declined to offer a detailed reaction, saying that anyone would be “a little disturbed that another human being is treated that way.”
“This probably could have been handled a little bit better,” Spicer added.
DOT has said it is reviewing the incident and pointed to its protocols on how airlines should handle the involuntary bumping of passengers from overbooked flights. 
Meanwhile, reaction from Congress began swelling Tuesday.
House Transportation Chairman Bill Shuster (R-Pa.) said he was “troubled” by the incident, adding that “this entire situation was poorly managed and avoidable” — but didn’t indicate that he would hold hearings or make any legislative response. Two members of Shuster’s panel, Reps. Rodney Davis (R-Ill.) and Dan Lipinski (D-Ill.), went further, with Davis saying Dao’s forceful removal “warrants further review by the administration and potentially Congress.” 
Reps. Peter DeFazio of Oregon and Rick Larsen of Washington state, the top Democrats on the full committee and the aviation subcommittee, said in a letter to Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao that United’s handling of the incident was “outrageous” and “unacceptable.” 
United had “a number of options to rectify its own scheduling error, while treating its customers with the respect they deserve,” DeFazio and Larsen wrote. 
Twenty-one Democratic senators, including Minority Leader Chuck Schumer of New York, demanded that Munoz answer a long series of questions about its bumping policies and how Sunday’s events unfolded, while both Republican and Democratic leaders of the Senate Commerce Committee directed questions about the incident to Chicago’s Department of Aviation. Meanwhile, Republican New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie urged Chao to suspend the DOT regulation that allows airlines to remove passengers from overbooked flights, CBS New York reported.
And some Democrats, including Sen. Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut, said the episode points to the need for new regulations protecting airline passengers — although history suggests that lawmakers won’t act quickly.
The United incident was "the latest example of a major U.S. airline disrespecting passengers and denying them their basic rights," Blumenthal told Chao in a letter, adding that he’s working on a new "bill of rights" for air travelers. The last major package on passengers’ rights took about five years to enact after then-Sens. Barbara Boxer (D-Calif.) and Olympia Snowe (R-Maine) first crafted it in 2007. 
The Boxer-Snowe measure, a response to incidents involving planes left stranded on tarmacs with no food or water, established fines for airlines that keep passengers trapped for longer than three hours. But the FAA did not codify the meat of those protections until Congress folded the provisions into a broader aviation bill enacted in 2012.
Sunday’s events showed that passengers needed even more safeguards, one passenger advocate said. “There’s a long list of things that could be done and a long list of things that could have been done to prevent this sort of thing from happening,” said Paul Hudson of FlyersRights.org, a group founded in the mid-2000s after one nine-hour stranding incident.
Hudson said he has asked DOT to broker a meeting next week among passenger advocates, airlines and unions over passengers’ rights.
Even if Congress or regulators decide to get involved, the airline industry is a powerful lobby, representing flagship U.S. companies that count lawmakers among their most frequent flyers. United’s PAC alone spent about $540,000 during the 2016 election cycle, according to its filings with the FEC.
Trump has had an even more direct relationship with United: For a brief period in the 1980s, he owned about one-fifth of the shares of the airline’s then-parent company, The New York Times and other outlets reported in 1987.
Major airlines have also had a long history of getting much of what they wanted from Washington, including the Obama administration’s 2010 approval of a merger between United and former rival Continental. The Obama administration also allowed American Airlines to merge with US Airways, despite consumer groups’ objections that consolidation of the industry would mean higher fares and less choice for passengers.
Now the industry is pursuing an even bigger prize: a proposal, championed by Shuster, that would break up the FAA and hand its air traffic control operations to a new, non-governmental body. The new entity’s board would include representatives from the airlines and their allied interests, which critics say would give them disproportionate sway over the system.
Trump hasn’t taken a public stand on the proposal but has repeated the industry’s complaints about the FAA’s handling of air traffic control, including at a Feb. 9 meeting he held in the White House with Munoz and other airline CEOs.
Transportation experts called Sunday’s incident a mainly self-inflicted wound by United — one that was costing it on Wall Street. The company’s value plunged by much as $978 million in a stock selloff early Tuesday, although by the end of the day it had rebounded to a roughly $252 million decline.
Dao “should obviously have been treated in a different way, but we don’t actually know what was said and done on the plane,” said Ken Button, director of the Center for Transportation Policy, Operations and Logistics at George Mason University. But for one thing, Button said, United should have sorted out its overbooking issue before letting Dao and other passengers board the Chicago-to-Louisville flight.
In his letter to Chao, Blumenthal called for DOT to examine airlines' policies for handling overbooked flights, including whether passengers are receiving the maximum $1,350 compensation when they're involuntarily bumped. He also asked whether airlines are giving priority to crew members over passengers in cases of overbooking.
Hudson, of FlyersRights.org, said airlines should reinstate the reciprocity rule — a practice, before the industry was deregulated in the 1970s, in which carriers would rebook passengers on a competitor at their own expense when they delayed or canceled flights. 
“We think that would not only mitigate these situations, but it would also encourage better behavior and more on-time performance by airlines,” he said. “Right now, everything is dumped on the passenger.” 
Munoz, meanwhile, issued a series of statements about the incident, some of which only seemed to stoke the outrage. He apologized in a statement Monday “for having to re-accommodate these customers,” but later sent a letter to employees praising the flight crew for their handling of a “disruptive and belligerent” passenger.
On Tuesday afternoon, the CEO tried again, issuing a statement taking “full responsibility” with his “deepest apologies” and adding that “no one should ever be treated this way.” 
He also pledged a detailed review of the airline’s crew movement, incentive policies for voluntarily giving up a seat, and how the company handles overbooking and partners with local law enforcement.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump’s abrupt turnaround on U.S. climate policy is fueling tension with several of America’s closest allies, which are resisting the administration’s demands that they support a bigger role for nuclear power and fossil fuels in the world’s energy supply.
The dispute blew up at this week's meeting of G-7 energy ministers, at which Trump administration officials pushed to include stronger pro-coal, pro-nuclear language in a proposed joint statement on energy policy. The fight had been simmering behind the scenes for weeks as the White House, Energy Department and State Department clashed with negotiators from other G-7 countries over the statement, according to an internal document obtained by POLITICO and interviews with diplomats. 
Story Continued Below
After a tense back-and-forth at the meeting in Rome on Monday, the G-7 energy ministers — including representatives from Canada, Great Britain and several European Union countries — wound up scuttling the statement altogether.
The feud comes as Trump, who often touts his "America first" approach to foreign policy, is considering whether to pull the United States out of the climate change accord that the Obama administration and leaders of nearly 200 other nations negotiated in Paris in 2015. Some Trump advisers have suggested that he should remain in the deal — but in return, should demand concessions to aid the fossil fuel sector.
G-7 officials, led by the Europeans, refused to agree to stronger language touting fossil fuels without assurances from the United States that it would stay in the Paris climate change agreement, according to officials briefed on the discussions. 
The U.S. emphasis on coal "was seen as an issue for all of us," one G-7 country negotiator told POLITICO, noting that Canada, Europe and Japan all expressed frustration about the Trump administration's position. The United States' refusal to discuss or mention the Paris agreement in the joint statement was EU’s "biggest” red line during the meeting, the negotiator added.
The meeting underscored the increasingly wide gulf between the Trump administration and its allies over climate change. The leaders of the other G-7 nations have all called for a shift away from fossil fuels and toward renewable energy. Meanwhile, Trump has dismissed climate change as a Chinese hoax and sought to revive the ailing U.S. coal industry. 
The draft joint statement obtained by POLITICO, which is dated March 31 and is labeled as a "second draft," provides an unfiltered look at the Trump administration's energy policy priorities.
In one instance, the U.S. rewrote part of the statement to stress that fossil fuels "including coal and natural gas will remain part of the global energy mix for the foreseeable future," striking vaguer language from an earlier draft that said countries would rely on fossil fuels for "some time, as countries progressively reduce greenhouse gas emissions of their energy system."
In another section, the U.S. added a mention of fossil fuels and nuclear power to a line calling on countries to "work together on policies to deploy clean, reliable and affordable energy."
The U.S. also proposed completely eliminating a line stating that since renewable energy will help cut carbon dioxide emissions, the G-7 nations would "take the lead in tackling the challenges of electricity systems with high shares of variable renewable energy and in addressing the resilience of the electricity system" as the energy industry transitions to cleaner sources. 
And U.S. officials added a section promoting nuclear power that reads in part, "We note the importance of civil nuclear energy for providing reliable and clean baseload energy."
While the U.S. appeared to back language calling for phasing out "inefficient fossil fuel subsidies that lead to wasteful consumption" over the medium term, it proposed striking a line calling on G-7 countries to "increase efforts to phase them out by 2025."
Ultimately, the Trump administration's demands proved too difficult to overcome, and the G-7 nations scuttled the joint statement. Carlo Calenda, Italy’s economic development minister and the chair of the summit, instead released a written summary of the meeting, which noted that the delegation heads of every country but the United States reaffirmed their commitment to the Paris deal. 
Energy Secretary Rick Perry, who led the U.S. delegation to the meeting, said the Trump administration "is in the process of reviewing many of its policies and reserves its position on this issue," according to the summary.
It's not the first time the U.S. has been the odd country out in an international meeting since Trump took over. During a March G-20 meeting of finance ministers in Germany, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin pushed for the removal of language calling on countries to help finance efforts to tackle climate change.
In the run-up to the G-7 meeting, Trump administration officials had asked foreign officials not to pack the joint statement with mentions of renewable energy and climate change, noting that they wouldn't be able to sign off on the text because the White House was still weighing its stance on the Paris deal, according to people familiar with the deliberations.
But sure enough, early drafts of the joint statement included frequent mentions of climate change. And U.S. officials sought to revise the drafts, sparking a fierce round of edits between representatives of the G-7 nations ahead of this week's meeting. One diplomat who worked on the text called it a "slow and complicated process."
At one point during the gathering, tempers flared so high that a European official accused a U.S. official of trying to "internationalize" the Trump administration's focus on fossil fuels, according to one person briefed on the exchange. 
Indeed, Trump administration officials have adopted the president's "America first" approach in making the case to industry lobbyists that remaining in the Paris agreement is the best choice for the country, arguing it gives the U.S. leverage to win broader support for technologies to slash emissions from fossil fuels. 
During a recent meeting on the Paris agreement, George David Banks, a top White House international energy adviser, pointed to a map of the United States in his office and said, "That's the only thing that matters to me," according to an industry official who attended. 
Banks, an advocate of staying in the Paris deal, has been meeting with industry officials for weeks to discuss their views on the agreement. The meetings have had some success: Several coal companies recently endorsed remaining in the pact.
But it remains to be seen whether Trump will ultimately decide to keep the U.S. in the agreement. Steve Bannon, Trump's chief strategist, is said to be opposed to remaining in the deal, while the president’s daughter Ivanka and his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, are said to be supportive of staying.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer has said Trump will make a final decision by late May, when he and other world leaders will travel to Italy for a G-7 summit. 
Asked for comment, a White House official said Trump "has emphasized the value of the U.S. energy sector as a strategic tool in U.S. foreign policy." The official added: "All U.S. energy resources and technologies, including coal and nuclear, should play an important role in achieving universal access to affordable and reliable energy."
Kalina Oroschakoff contributed to this report.



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
Hasan Minhaj, the “Daily Show” comedian chosen to headline the White House Correspondents’ Dinner, called President Donald Trump a “racist Cheeto” while comparing Hillary Clinton to broccoli and a Toyota Camry at last year’s Radio and Television Correspondents’ Association dinner. 
He has also launched plenty of barbs Trump’s way on “The Daily Show,” calling him the “white ISIS” or "WISIS” in a 2015 sketch and in January jokingly thanking Trump for his targeted travel ban because it made Muslims popular at U.S. airports for the first time. 
Story Continued Below
Now, Minhaj will face one of the most politically freighted gigs of his career, delivering what has traditionally been a barb-filled performance, with the president as a major target, to a dinner that Trump is boycotting because of tension with the media.
Members of the White House Correspondents Association, including its president, Jeff Mason of Reuters, have long acknowledged that it would be a tough job to find appropriate entertainment for this year’s annual dinner. With Trump’s entire White House staying away in protest, even mild jabs may feel gratuitous or unfair to Trump supporters watching on C-SPAN. But a mild, cautious performance could damage the dinner as well, making it seem boring and less of the see-and-be-seen event it’s been in recent years. 
After trying and failing to secure the relatively apolitical James Corden, the British-born host of “The Late Late Show,” Mason finally announced the selection of Minhaj on Tuesday morning. Minhaj is known for his edginess and willingness to “go there” on racial topics, but Mason insisted that he was not looking for someone to show up Trump.
Speaking on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Mason said he “was not looking for somebody who was going to roast the president in absentia. That's not fair, and that's not the message that we want to get across.” 
"I was looking for someone who is funny and entertaining because I want the dinner to be something that people enjoy attending,” Mason said in a POLITICO interview Tuesday afternoon. "I think that can be done along with giving a message that is consistent with our values, and of upholding the First Amendment, and I think Hasan is in a really good position to do that.”
But several media figures who were surprised by the Minhaj selection privately wondered whether Mason — who played the whole process of picking the entertainment close to the vest, even keeping it from some of his fellow WHCA board members — really believes that Minhaj won’t “roast the president in absentia.”
The Muslim son of immigrants from India, Minhaj often injects himself into jokes about Trump, relating in an emotional four-minute monologue the day after Trump’s election that his mother, a 30-year U.S. resident and citizen, asked him whether she would be able to get back into the country after traveling abroad. 
“The fact that I can’t tell her yes with a hundred percent certainty is heartbreaking,” he said.
Many White House correspondents said they weren’t familiar enough with Minhaj to assess his choice as dinner speaker, but most agreed that he’s facing a tough balancing act.
“I would make one point: There is a popular misconception that the dinner is supposed to be a roast of the president,” said George Condon of National Journal, who is writing a book about the White House Correspondents’ Association. “That is totally wrong. In the entire history of the dinner, a president has been ‘roasted’ in only one of the 89 dinners. That was 2006 and Stephen Colbert [taking on George W. Bush]. In every other dinner, the jokes about the president were in the nature of Bob Hope joking about Ike's golf swing. They showed you were willing to joke about the president, but they were never barbed.”
Still, David Litt, a former speechwriter for Barack Obama who is now head writer for the comedy site Funny or Die, said he fully expects Minhaj to take on Trump.
Trump is "a pretty big target as far as comedy is concerned,” Litt said. “[I] couldn’t predict what [Minhaj] will do, but I’m sure the temptation is there. It’s a weird gig every year, and this year it’s especially weird. If you make fun of Trump nonstop, people notice; if you don’t, people notice. Without the president present, it’s oddly more high-profile than it’s been in recent years."
But, he added, “This is not a year where any comedian would be lacking for comedic material.”
Minhaj, whose spokesperson did not respond to an interview request, gave a hint of what might be to come in his prepared statement, in which he gently mocked Trump’s vernacular.
"It is a tremendous honor to be a part of such a historic event even though the president has chosen not to attend this year. SAD!” he wrote, in Trump Twitter fashion. “Now more than ever, it is vital that we honor the First Amendment and the freedom of the press.” 
Mason said he’s confident that Minhaj won’t turn the entire evening into a Trump roast, noting that he’s been in regular contact with him. 
“We’ve talked extensively about my vision for the dinner and his passion for journalism and the importance of the First Amendment, and so I’m confident that his message will be in line with the overall message of the dinner, which is the importance of the free press and upholding the rights guaranteed by the First Amendment,” Mason said.
That’s not to say Minhaj won’t lob some jokes in Trump’s direction. 
"I’m sure there will be some jokes about the president, and I’m sure there will be some jokes about the press,” Mason said. "As long as it’s not a roast about someone who is not in the room and as long as it is in the spirit of the overall purpose of the evening, then we’re on the same page, and I’m confident we’re on the same page with Hasan."



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump still wants to pass a health care bill before he turns to tax reform.
“We're going to have a phenomenal tax reform, but I have to do health care first,” Trump said, according to an excerpt of an interview with Fox Business Network released Tuesday and set to air Wednesday. “I want to do it first to really do it right.”
Story Continued Below
A House Republican plan to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, Barack Obama’s 2010 health care reform law, failed last month in what amounted to a huge setback for the White House, which had backed the bill. 
After House leaders were forced to pull the bill from the floor when it became clear they lacked the votes to pass it, Trump said he was ready to move on from health care and pursue an overhaul of the tax code. Lawmakers and administration officials have since offered conflicting signals, with some saying they are not yet ready to give up on health care.
Trump told Fox Business he did not want to “put deadlines” on either legislative goal, but he insisted that “health care's gonna happen at some point” and said that passing health care legislation could save money and make it easier to pass a tax overhaul afterward.
Still, the president suggested that he was not fully committed to that chronology.
“Now, if it doesn't happen fast enough, I'll start the taxes,” Trump said. “But the tax reform and the tax cuts are better if I can do health care first.”
Maria Bartiromo’s interview with Trump is scheduled to air at 6 a.m. Wednesday on Fox Business. 



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
White House press secretary Sean Spicer had to do something Tuesday night his boss deeply dislikes: He apologized. 
Hours after seemingly minimizing the Holocaust in an attempt to explain the atrocities of chemical attacks the U.S. believes were carried out by the Syrian regime, Spicer went on CNN to ask forgiveness for an "inappropriate" reference and to offer a mea culpa to his TV-obsessed boss for becoming a "distraction." 
Story Continued Below
"I mistakenly used an inappropriate, insensitive reference to the Holocaust," Spicer told Wolf Blitzer. "I apologize. It was a mistake to do that."
The press secretary has made headlines in the past for exaggerating the size of President Donald Trump's inauguration crowd, searching through staffers' phones in a crackdown on leaks, and citing a Fox News personality to say British officials spied on Trump's team. 
But it appeared to be the first time he apologized. In fact, it seemed to be the first significant apology from Trump's White House, which has weathered controversies, inappropriate comments and investigations with an apparent axiom: Better to be strong and wrong than to say sorry.
Spicer told POLITICO on Tuesday night that it was his decision to issue the public apology and that he would be back at the White House podium this week.
"I made a mistake by trying to make a comparison that was completely wrong," he said. "I don't even know how to explain it. It was a straight up mistake."
Spicer did not seem to be at risk of losing his job, two White House officials and two advisers said, even though the president was displeased with his comments. "If the administration can regain the message, I think Sean will be OK. If not, I think he could be in trouble," one outside adviser said. A White House official said Trump hadn't shown anger toward Spicer, even though he had after previous briefings.
The television appearance was the strongest of several attempts to move past Tuesday's press briefing, when Spicer sought to criticize the Russian government for its support of dictator Bashar Assad by comparing last week's chemical attack on civilians in Syria to the actions of Adolf Hitler.
“We didn’t use chemical weapons in World War II,” Spicer told reporters. “Someone who is despicable as Hitler who didn't even sink to using chemical weapons."
In fact, Hitler’s Nazi Germany did use chemical weapons. Many of the Jews who died in the Holocaust were killed in gas chambers using Zyklon B and other poisons. And sarin gas, the weapon believed to have been used by Assad’s regime, was first created and weaponized by Nazi scientists in 1938.
Spicer's allies say he has almost an impossible job: Defending a boss who often contradicts himself, makes statements that prove to be untrue and believes he is his own best spokesman. But while Spicer's briefings sometimes become comically combative, Trump appreciates a vigorous defense, allies and advisers say. 
"Until you've stood at that podium, you have no idea how hard it is day in and day out to never make a mistake," said Ari Fleischer, a press secretary for George W. Bush. "Sean made a big one today. He handled it properly. He apologized. Now, he's going to take a pounding, and he's going to move forward."
Fleischer said he had to issue formal apologies twice, for incorrectly blaming violence in the Middle East on Bill Clinton and for urging Iraqis to shoot Saddam Hussein. Both times, Fleischer said, he marched into the Oval Office and apologized, and Bush was "ticked" but soon forgiving. Fleischer said people shouldn't assume the worst of Spicer and should save their anger for "actual Holocaust deniers."
Apologizing does not come naturally to Spicer's boss. Trump did it only once during his 2016 campaign, after a tape surfaced of him saying he grabbed women by the genitals without asking permission. But he didn't seem to really want to, and advisers said it took significant negotiations.
"This was locker room talk, a private conversation that took place many years ago," Trump said in his apology. "Bill Clinton has said far worse to me on the golf course -- not even close. I apologize if anyone was offended."
During the briefing Tuesday, Spicer tried to fix his initial mistake. But he only dug in deeper, saying that Hitler “was not using the gas on his own people in the same way that Assad is doing.” (Hitler’s systematic murder of Jews — including many in Germany — and of people from other groups left millions dead.) 
Spicer told POLITICO that by the time he got to his office after the briefing, he knew he had messed up. One person who spoke to him Tuesday said he hoped a written clarification would calm the tempest. The White House issued a statement saying Spicer did not intend to "lessen the horrendous nature of the Holocaust,” but it did not quell the flood of criticism.
MSNBC fact-checked Spicer with a chyron summarizing what the press secretary had said and adding parenthetically that “Hitler gassed millions.” The Anne Frank Center accused Spicer of engaging in Holocaust denial. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi called for the White House to fire him. Even Alex Jones, the conspiracy theorist and Trump supporter, criticized Spicer. 
Spicer called the office of Republican mega-donor Sheldon Adelson, a major giver to Jewish causes, soon after making the statements, according to Andy Abboud, an Adelson spokesman. "Sean called shortly after and said he made a terrible mistake and apologized if he was offensive," Abboud said.
The White House had earlier faced criticism from Jewish groups for not mentioning Jews in an annual Holocaust statement, but Adelson has generally had a friendly relationship with Trump and likes his hawkish support of Israel.
Spicer struck a contrite tone in the unannounced appearance on CNN, even as Blitzer ribbed him for mispronouncing Assad's name and asked whether he had a credibility problem. 
“When you make a mistake, you own it,” Spicer said. Blitzer later praised Spicer for owning up to his error.
But Spicer made another verbal gaffe on the program, saying he was sorry his comments were a distraction from Trump's "attempts to destabilize the region."
The United States actually hopes to stabilize the Middle East.
Louis Nelson, Madeline Conway and Alex Isenstadt contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
The White House said on Tuesday that President Donald Trump has seen video of the United Airlines passenger who was forcibly deplaned this week and that anyone would be "disturbed" by his treatment.
Passengers captured video of Dr. David Dao, 69, being dragged off an overbooked flight Sunday from Chicago to Louisville. Clips show Dao screaming as an officer in plain clothes grabs him from his window seat and drags him off the plane.
Story Continued Below
“I’m sure he has” seen the video, White House press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters Tuesday. Asked about the president’s reaction, Spicer indicated that anyone would be troubled by the airline’s treatment of Dao.
“I don’t think anyone looks at that video and isn’t a little disturbed that another human being is treated that way,” Spicer said. “I think one of the things that people have to understand is that when there is a potential law enforcement matter, for the president to weigh in pro or con would prejudice a potential outcome. So I don’t want to get in — but I think clearly watching another human being dragged down an aisle, watching, you know, blood come from their face after hitting an armrest and whatever, I don’t think there’s a circumstance that you can sit back and say this probably could have been handled a little bit better when you’re talking about another human being.”
The White House spokesman initially tried to steer clear of the controversy, noting that law enforcement is reviewing the incident and United Airlines is reviewing its policies.
“Let’s not get ahead of where that review goes,” Spicer said. “It was an unfortunate incident. Clearly when you watch the video, it is troubling to see how that was handled, but I’m not gonna — they have clearly stated their desire to review the situation.”
He added that it’s not his place to get in the middle of how United Airlines handled its passenger, pointing again to the pending review.
“But I think from a human-to-human standpoint, to watch a human being get dragged down an aisle with their head banging off armrests and not think that it could have been handled better, I would assume that we could probably all agree on that,” he said. 
United Airlines CEO Oscar Munoz addressed the “upsetting event” on Monday. “I apologize for having to re-accommodate these customers,” he said in a statement. “Our team is moving with a sense of urgency to work with the authorities and conduct our own detailed review of what happened. We are also reaching out to this passenger to talk directly to him and further address and resolve this situation.”



ARTICLE
The White House is growing increasingly frustrated with Russia’s obfuscation surrounding a recent Syrian chemical weapons attack and Moscow’s penchant for disinformation in defense of Bashar Assad’s regime.
Officials on Tuesday also said they believe they have identified the strategic rationale behind the attack, which shook the new president and resulted in U.S. airstrikes on a Syrian regime airbase.
Story Continued Below
“The United States is confident that the Syrian regime conducted a chemical weapons attack, using the nerve agent sarin, against its own people in the town of Khan Shaykhun in southern Idlib Province on April 4, 2017,” a document provided by a senior White House official on Tuesday reads.
The document estimated that “the attack resulted in at least 50 and up to 100 fatalities (including many children), with hundreds of additional injuries.”
“We assess that Damascus launched this chemical attack in response to an opposition offensive in northern Hamah Province that threatened key infrastructure,” the document said, pointing for the first time to a potential motive for the attack. “Senior regime military leaders were probably involved in planning the attack.”
The White House is also slamming Russia for what it called a campaign of “disinformation” to cover up for the regime’s attack and a “clear pattern of deflecting blame.” Moscow has suggested the attack may have been the result of a regime air strike on a terrorist ammunition depot that housed chemical weapons. The White House dismissed this defense, and said evidence clearly shows the attack was an intentional move by the Syrian regime.
“Russia’s allegations fit with a pattern of deflecting blame from the regime and attempting to undermine the credibility of its opponents,” the White House document said. “Moscow’s response to the April 4 attack follows a familiar pattern of its responses to other egregious actions; it spins out multiple, conflicting accounts in order to create confusions and sow doubt within the international community.”
A senior White House official also said it was “quite concerning” that the attack took place after Russia was supposedly involved in helping Syria give up its chemical weapons in a deal negotiated under the Obama administration.
The White House is also pointing to the close level of coordination that has been taking place between the Russian and Syrian militaries.
The senior White House official said it is “a question worth asking the Russians…how it is possible,” given that coordination, that Moscow was not aware the chemical attack was set to take place. National security officials are also voicing concern about further chemical attacks, given Assad’s willingness to deploy chemical agents in the past.
“We take very seriously the possibility that Syria may have additional agents elsewhere,” a senior White House official said, noting the U.S. is working to locate those munitions.
But the White House is also warning, in clear language, that further chemical weapon attacks will be met with a severe response.
“The Assad regime’s brutal use of chemical weapons is unacceptable and poses a clear threat to the national security interests of the United States and the international community,” the White House document said. “Use of weapons of mass destruction by any actor lowers the threshold for others that may seek to follow suit and raises the possibility that they may be used against the United States, our allies or partners, or any other nation around the world.”
The document went on to say that U.S. and its allies “must demonstrate…that the Syrian regime’s use of chemical weapons will not be permitted to continue.” 
The White House promised that “the United States intends to send a clear message now that we and our partners will not allow the world to become a more dangerous place due to the egregious acts of the Assad regime.” 



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump claimed credit Tuesday for the creation of more than 600,000 jobs since he entered office, a figure tens of thousands — if not hundreds of thousands — off his administration’s true job creation totals.
“At the top of our agenda is the creation of great high-paying jobs for American workers, and we’ve made a lot of progress,” Trump told CEOs on Tuesday morning during a strategic and policy discussion inside the Eisenhower Executive Office Building’s State Department Library. 
Story Continued Below
“You see what’s going on. You see the numbers,” Trump continued. “We’ve created over 600,000 jobs already in a very short period of time, and it’s gonna really start catching on now because some of the things that we’ve done are big league, and they are catching on. Already, we’ve created more than almost 600,000 jobs.”
It’s unclear where Trump’s figure came from. The president has in the past spouted information that is inaccurate and at times demonstrably false.
According to Labor Department data, the U.S. economy added a combined 317,000 jobs in February and March, the first full months Trump’s presidency. About 98,000 of those jobs were added last month.
Most economists would reject the assertion that Trump had much to do with shaping job growth during his first two months. But even if he claimed full credit for January’s 216,000 jobs as well, despite having been president for less than two weeks that month, his administration’s job creation total would be 533,000, still well short of his 600,000 figure.
The White House later clarified that such is the case. “The president is referring to the monthly jobs reports released by the Labor Department in the months of January, February and March, which are well over a half million for the first quarter of 2017,” a White House spokesperson told POLITICO in an email, a statement at odds with the administration’s past rhetoric.
Asked how many jobs from the January report Trump would attribute to his administration compared with his predecessor’s, White House press secretary Sean Spicer in February lamented that “unfortunately, we don’t have that kind of a breakdown.”
“Clearly, there is a desire for companies to want to come be part of this Trump agenda and build and manufacture, create jobs, bring jobs back,” Spicer told reporters at the Feb. 3 news briefing. “But I’m not at liberty to start parsing the [Bureau of Labor Statistics] and other reports as far as where that comes down.” 
Trump, however, apparently had no problem doing so. “And we’re gonna put many millions of people back to work,” he pledged Tuesday. 
Timothy Noah contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
Sen. Lindsey Graham said Tuesday that the U.S. should threaten to intervene militarily in the Syrian civil war if Bashar Assad’s regime uses barrel bombs to attack civilians.
Graham acknowledged in a CNN interview that such a threat would amount to a significant escalation in policy. President Donald Trump said last week that Assad’s recent use of chemical weapons crossed lines and prompted U.S. missile strikes in Syria, but he did not mention barrel bombs, which are used much more frequently.
Story Continued Below
The brutal chemical weapons attack that has been widely attributed to Assad’s regime crossed a “red line” Barack Obama established, but did not ultimately act on, as president.
Still, Graham maintained that making barrel bombs the new “red line” is “long overdue.”
“Here’s what I would tell President Trump,” said Graham, a Republican and a hawk on foreign policy. “You did a great thing by enforcing the chemical weapons violation. But it's not about how you killed the babies, it's the fact that you're slaughtering innocent people through air power.”
On Monday, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer seemed to suggest that the Trump administration would view the use of barrel bombs in Syria as an act that would prompt U.S. retaliation. “The sight of people being gassed and blown away by barrel bombs ensures that if we see this kind of action again, we hold open the possibility of future action,” he told reporters at the daily White House briefing.
After his comments were interpreted by some observers as a major change in policy, however, Spicer moved to walk them back, insisting that “nothing has changed in our posture.”
Graham, though, said the Trump administration should make that change and toughen its stance on Assad and his ally, Russian President Vladimir Putin.
“My advice for President Trump is to tell Assad that your days of using the Syrian air force to indiscriminately bomb civilians and bomb the opposition's hospitals are over,” Graham said. “That I would declare a safe zone, a safe haven and tell the Russians, if you cross this line, the Assad air force, if you cross this line, you’re going to be shot down.”



ARTICLE
Rex Tillerson’s seemingly cozy ties with Russian President Vladimir Putin drew bipartisan alarm and nearly derailed his confirmation as secretary of state.
 But some three months later, as the former ExxonMobil CEO heads to Moscow on his first trip as America’s top diplomat, it’s hard to believe Russian President Vladimir Putin once gave him an “Order of Friendship” award.
Story Continued Below
As Washington and Moscow clash over Syria, Tillerson has seized the moment to berate Russia and prove he’s no pro-Kremlin stooge. 
“Stockpiles and continued use demonstrate that Russia has failed in its responsibility" to uphold a 2013 commitment to ensure the destruction of Syria’s chemical weapons supply, Tillerson said Tuesday in Italy, where he attended a meeting of the G7 nations. “It is unclear whether Russia failed to take this obligation seriously or Russia has been incompetent, but this distinction doesn’t much matter to the dead. We can’t let this happen again.”
Tillerson also is showing that, contrary to popular belief, he has plenty of influence on President Donald Trump and is increasingly coming into his own as secretary of state.
“People who felt he was out of the loop were not doing their basic due diligence,” a senior Trump administration official said.
The stakes are high for Tillerson’s meetings Wednesday in Moscow, setting the tone for the future of the U.S.-Russia relationship under Trump. 
The Kremlin has expressed fury over Trump’s decision to stage a missile attack on Syrian President Bashar Assad’s regime after it allegedly killed dozens in a chemical attack. It’s not even clear whether Putin will meet with Tillerson; if he doesn’t, it will be a high-profile snub. At the same time, Republican and Democratic lawmakers are demanding that Trump come up with a broader Syria strategy that goes beyond one missile strike.
"When Secretary Tillerson says he hopes that Russia will realign itself with western democracies and break away from Syria and Iran...that's pretty naive," Sen. Lindsey Graham, a Republican, told CNN on Tuesday. "Putin's regime is very much aligned with Syria and Iran and the way they do business. And they're never going to break away until the cost of doing business is too high."
Still, thanks to that one missile strike, Tillerson heads to Moscow with leverage his predecessor, John Kerry, never had when talking to Russia about Syria. The strike showed the U.S. is willing to use force to back up its rhetoric; it also relieved Tillerson of a burden because it appears to have sidelined — for now — Trump’s hopes of a rapprochement with Moscow.
“If there hadn’t been the overt break between Washington and Moscow over the U.S. strikes in Syria, then I think all eyes would have been on Tillerson and his ability to move the needle on improving the relationship with Moscow,” said Charles Kupchan, a top Obama administration National Security Council official. Now, “no longer is he expected to go to Moscow and bring home the bacon. He’s expected to go to Moscow and have a tough conversation. ... And that’s exactly what he’ll get.”
Since taking over as secretary of state in early February, Tillerson has been the epitome of “quiet diplomacy.” He operated much as he did when leading ExxonMobil and dealing with governments in Moscow and beyond: He barely spoke in public and avoided reporters like the plague. He has yet to fill numerous empty leadership slots at the State Department and appeared to be undercut when the president rejected his first choice for a deputy. Much of the career staff at the department still feels isolated from him.
But ever since reports filtered in last week that the Syrian regime had unleashed sarin gas in Idlib province, Tillerson has made his presence felt.
It was Tillerson and national security adviser H.R. McMaster who briefed reporters late Thursday after Trump announced the U.S. had rained 59 Tomahawk missiles on a Syrian airbase. During that briefing, Tillerson accused Russia, which, along with Iran, is militarily backing Assad, of failing to live up to a 2013 deal to ensure the Syrian strongman got rid of his chemical weapons.
“Either Russia has been complicit or Russia has been simply incompetent in its ability to deliver on its end of that agreement,” Tillerson said.
Tillerson has kept up the tough talk in the days since. He even hit the Sunday talk show circuit to suggest that Moscow should reconsider its support for Assad. He chided Russia for its suspected interference in foreign elections, including that of the United States in 2016. The alleged Russian hacking of the 2016 campaign is especially sensitive because U.S. federal authorities are investigating whether Trump aides were involved.
On Monday, Tillerson spoke at a ceremony in Lucca, Italy, to commemorate a 1944 massacre, and used the following striking language: “We rededicate ourselves to holding to account any and all who commit crimes against the innocents anywhere in the world.”
“Russia has really aligned itself with the Assad regime, the Iranians and Hezbollah,” Tillerson said Tuesday. “Is that a long-term alliance that serves Russia’s interest? Or would Russia prefer to realign with the United States, with other Western countries and Middle-East countries who are seeking to resolve the Syrian crisis?” 
Tillerson’s State Department also released two statements in quick succession on Friday that appeared to be indirect slaps at the Kremlin. One condemned the reported detentions and executions of men believed to be gay in Chechnya; the other criticized a referendum held in South Ossetia, a region whose status is a matter of dispute between Russia and Georgia.
Tillerson’s message didn’t always appear in sync with that of others on the Trump team. He came across as more cautious than U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley in describing America’s aims in Syria. Haley indicated Assad’s ouster is now a U.S. priority. Tillerson seemed to downplay that and said that defeating the Islamic State terrorist group, which controls chunks of Syria, is the key objective. Overall, however, the postures of Tillerson and Haley, as well as McMaster, show the degree to which the Trump administration has moved away from its earlier dreams of a closer relationship with Moscow. 
Tillerson will land in Moscow late Tuesday and is due to meet Wednesday morning with his counterpart, Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov. The latter is an old hand with plenty of experience in diplomatic swordplay. Although the pair will likely focus heavily on Syria, other sensitive issues, such as Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, are sure to come up.
The likelihood is that Tillerson and Lavrov will emerge from their meetings with standard diplomatic statements in which they agree to disagree on any number of things. Behind the scenes, they may be more pragmatic about the challenge posed in Syria, where an estimated half-million people have died in six years of fighting. But one measure of how well things go will be whether there’s a decision made on if and when Trump should meet Putin face to face.
The outcome of Tillerson’s meetings will be watched carefully across the world. A spokesman for British Prime Minister Theresa May said Monday that she had spoken with Trump and the two agreed there is now a window of opportunity to persuade Russia to drop its backing for Assad.
“They agreed that U.S. Secretary of State Tillerson's visit to Moscow this week provides an opportunity to make progress towards a solution which will deliver a lasting political settlement” in Syria, the spokesman said.
But Assad, too, is watching. After the U.S. missile strike last week, there were some reports that Assad’s forces used the same airbase targeted by the Americans to launch new, conventional attacks on rebels trying to oust the Syrian leader. Some analysts theorize that Assad’s chemical weapons attack may have been an attempt to test the Trump administration, which just days before, thanks to comments by Tillerson and Haley, had indicated it no longer considered removing Assad a priority. But others note he also may have angered the Russians.
“Assad doesn’t trust the Russians, and he shouldn’t trust the Russians, because the Russians have a set of global interests which are far beyond Syria,” said Jon Alterman of the Center for Strategic and International Studies. “And the Russians think he’s not been smart about a lot of things he did, and he made them look like fools using chemical weapons.” 
So far, there’s no official confirmation as to whether Putin will meet Tillerson, but the Russians often prefer not to tell their American counterparts whether such sessions will happen until the last minute. Putin met often with Kerry. When the former secretary visited Moscow just over a year ago, the Russian president teased Kerry for carrying his own luggage.
Analysts said that regardless of whom he sees in Moscow, Tillerson must be able to speak authoritatively for Trump and follow through on his promises. Otherwise, the Russians will sense weakness and exploit American indecisiveness. 
The senior Trump administration official said the president has plenty of confidence in Tillerson. The pair meet on a regular basis and have a solid rapport, the official said. 
“When you’re president, it’s ‘Where do you spend your time?'” the official said. “You’re not going to spend a lot of hours with somebody you don’t think is doing a great job, and he’s been spending a lot of hours with Secretary Tillerson.”
Nolan D. McCaskill and Madeline Conway contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
Hundreds of key jobs across the federal government remain vacant as a result of an overworked White House personnel office that is frustrating Cabinet secretaries and hampering President Donald Trump’s ability to carry out his ambitious legislative agenda.
The process is bogged down as a result of micromanaging by the president and senior staff, turf wars between the West Wing and Cabinet secretaries and a largely inexperienced and overworked staff, say more than a dozen sources including administration insiders, lobbyists, lawyers and Republican strategists.
Story Continued Below
Trump personally oversees the hiring process for agency staff by insisting on combing through a binder full of names each week and likes to sign off on each one, according to two people with knowledge of the administration’s hiring process. Also weighing in on the names — and not always agreeing on final picks — are leaders of sometimes warring factions, including chief of staff Reince Priebus, senior strategist Steve Bannon, Cabinet secretaries and, sometimes, the White House’s top lawyer, Don McGahn.
“It’s like a medieval court,” said one person advising potential nominees through the confirmation process. “The White House meets once a week to go over personnel in some attempt to create uniformity, but in this White House, you just have to smile at that. … It’s hard to impose uniformity among the White House’s different coalitions.”
The only uniformity is that potential hires must show fealty to the president. One person close to the White House said a sense of “paranoia” has taken over amid fears that disloyal hires might undercut Trump’s agenda or leak to the press.
All of this adds up to unusual pressure on the White House Office of Presidential Personnel, which is charged with filling thousands of jobs throughout the federal government, according to former personnel staffers from the administrations of Barack Obama and George W. Bush. 
The top-heavy decision-making has put the Trump White House behind other West Wings in filling out the ranks of the federal government. Of the 553 key appointments that require Senate approval, the White House has formally nominated 24 people and 22 have been confirmed, according to data from the nonpartisan Partnership for Public Service — to say nothing of the thousands of slots that don't require confirmation. 
By comparison, Obama had 54 people confirmed by April 7; Bush, 32; and Bill Clinton, 44.
“Not having the people in the agency offices means it’s harder to do different or new things,” said Clay Johnson, who ran the personnel office under Bush. “If you want to keep on keeping on, the career staff can do that.”
The White House disputes that its process is flawed and said the president weighs in only on Senate-confirmable positions. 
“We didn’t come with the same type of bench that other presidents come in with,” said one senior White House official, referring to Trump’s lean campaign staff. “We’re being more deliberative and selective to make sure our hires are in line with the president’s objectives. I would not say we are slow. We are making progress.”
Personnel decisions were not supposed to go this way.
Leading up to Nov. 8, the Trump transition team, led by New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, assembled hundreds of names of potential Cabinet secretaries, ambassadors and other top political appointees. But three days after the election, Trump replaced Christie with Vice President Mike Pence — effectively wiping out months of work.
“This personnel operation started from scratch after the election,” said Johnson, who advised both the Clinton and Trump transition teams. “They started out at ground zero, without a playbook and no recommendations. Now, it places a large responsibility on them to get the right people in those positions.”
The head of the Office of Presidential Personnel, Johnny DeStefano, did not start until Inauguration Day, and some of the office’s problems are attributed to his leadership, say Trump allies, Republican strategists and lawyers familiar with the hiring process. The administration picked DeStefano, who had run the data operation of the Republican National Committee and worked for former House Speaker John Boehner but had no recruiting experience. 
DeStefano, in turn, stacked the office with campaign veterans who demonstrated loyalty to the president but had little government experience.
While several administration officials praised DeStefano’s work ethic and willingness to take on what many view as a thankless job, two administration officials privately acknowledge his office is overwhelmed and understaffed.
“Johnny is caught in the middle of competing polices in the Republican Party,” said Mike Sommers, Boehner’s former chief of staff, who has worked closely with DeStefano. 
“In many ways, he is the focal point of a civil war that is going on in the party right now,” Sommers added, referring to the White House divisions among economic nationalists like Bannon, New York banker types, and conservatives in the mold of The Heritage Foundation and Pence — all with competing priorities for the administration’s make-up.
In recent weeks, McGahn has also expanded his grip on the hiring process. He sometimes attends the hourlong weekly meetings when Trump reviews nominees. He also has final sign-off on every hire at each agency’s general counsel office, down to the most junior lawyer.
As a result, DeStefano is not really empowered to make decisions, said one former transition official. “All decisions in this White House are made by the same group of people who made these decisions during the campaign, and this extends to personnel,” the official said.
Meanwhile, Cabinet secretaries struggling with skeletal staffs have started to chafe at the slow hiring and at what some regard as micromanagement. 
The personnel office has given some secretaries a set number of hires they can make — with the majority chosen by the White House. In at least two cases, the personnel office sent secretaries a pre-approved list of three or four candidates for top spots at their agencies — moves that have frustrated secretaries wanting to handpick their own deputies.
Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke called out the Office of Presidential Personnel last week as he vented his frustration about filling vacancies. "The executive branch is no different than any other branch. It’s a frustration of bureaucracy," said Zinke, who was sworn in in early March.
People close to Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt said he’s also fuming about the hiring pace, worried he doesn’t have enough White House-approved personnel to quickly carry out the president’s agenda, which includes rewriting Obama’s climate change regulations.
“He’s trying to build a team, but it’s been very difficult,” said one person close to Pruitt. 
Some Cabinet secretaries, including Defense Secretary James Mattis and Education Secretary Betsy DeVos, have tried to go around the office to hire their own staff, while Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Department of Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly have all clashed with the White House over hiring.
Aides to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin have fought to bring on hires regarded as potentially disloyal by the White House, such as senior aide Craig Phillips, a past donor to Hillary Clinton and Democratic causes.
A Treasury spokesman defended the personnel office, saying it had "made great progress in getting our department the critical personnel resources needed."
Filling national security jobs has been particularly difficult, since so many experts in that field openly criticized the president during the election. 
One former personnel staffer from the Obama administration said he “could not imagine a process” where lower-level political appointees required anything more than the approval of the head of the personnel office.
The personnel office was a hastily assembled team that came together in just five days following the inauguration. (Both Obama and Bush entered the White House with a personnel team already in place.)
Thirty-eight people currently staff the personnel office, with a designee assigned to staff each agency. They, in turn, report to seven high-level appointees overseen by DeStefano and his deputy.
The transition team made some early missteps, like naming people before vetting them fully. That has led to bottlenecks that still plague the process. Just clearing a political appointee through the Office of Government Ethics and FBI background check can take from 40 to 60 days, and 170 potential hires are now in that pipeline, said one official. 
Officials have changed the process and are doing the checks before naming hires, two administration officials said.
People tracking the sluggish pace of hiring also get the sense that top White House officials, grappling with the day-to-day management of the West Wing and combating a steady stream of negative news stories, aren't focused on hiring at agencies.
Bannon’s call for a destruction of the so-called administrative state and Trump’s budget proposal making deep cuts to the federal workforce have reinforced that view.
"Honestly, I don't think it's a huge priority for the White House," said a lobbyist who has talked to administration officials about hiring. 



ARTICLE
The full bench of a federal appeals court in Virginia will consider the legality of President Donald Trump’s revised travel ban executive order at an argument session next month, the court announced Monday.
The 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals said it will conduct an en banc hearing May 8 in Richmond on the federal government’s appeal of a Maryland-based judge’s ruling blocking Trump’s ban on issuance of visas to citizens of six majority-Muslim countries.
Story Continued Below
Normally, appeals go to a three-judge panel for review. However, the en banc session will involve 15 judges hearing the case. The 4th Circuit’s active bench has nine Democratic appointees, five Republican appointees and one judge who was nominated to the court by both a Democratic president and a Republican one.
The 4th Circuit’s order Monday did not disclose the reasons for the so-called initial en banc hearing. The refugee and academic groups who brought the lawsuit involved supported the move. The Justice Department said it supported the immediate en banc session if it would not delay the case.
Another federal appeals court is considering a parallel appeal of a Hawaii-based judge’s ruling blocking the visa ban, as well as other provisions in Trump’s revised order, including a suspension in admission of refugees from across the globe. That injunction was issued on a suit brought by the state of Hawaii and a local Muslim religious leader.
The San Francisco-based 9th Circuit Court of Appeals has expedited that appeal by the Trump administration, scheduling a three-judge panel to hear the issues in that case on May 15. No en banc review has been announced on that appeal, but it could be granted later.
Whatever decisions the two appeals courts make could be appealed further to the Supreme Court. It’s also possible that if one or both injunctions are not lifted by the lower courts, the Trump administration will ask the justices to issue an emergency order allowing the Trump order to go into effect while the case is litigated at the high court.
Trump issued his first travel ban executive order on Jan. 27, just seven days after he was sworn in. The directive triggered protests at various airports across the country, the detention of hundreds of travelers and confusion over the status of green card holders. The directive also met with immediate resistance from the courts, with about half a dozen judges issuing orders reining in or blocking different aspects of the first order.
On March 6, Trump issued a new directive, revoking the old one and striking Iraq from the list of countries affected by the visa ban. The new order explicitly excluded existing visa and green card holders and removed some language that appeared to prioritize Christian refugees.
The following week, the judges in Honolulu and Greenbelt, Maryland, blocked the key aspects of Trump’s revised order.



ARTICLE
The Investigative Consortium of Journalists, The New York Daily News and The Washington Post’s David Fahrenthold were among the winners of the 2017 Pulitzer Prizes in journalism, announced Monday. 
The New York Daily News and ProPublica were awarded the 2017 Pulitzer Gold Medal Prize for public service for a joint investigation into the abuse of eviction rules that have locked hundreds of New York residents out of their homes. The International Consortium of Journalists, along with McClatchy and the Miami Herald, won the award for explanatory reporting for its series The Panama Papers, which examined the use of offshore tax havens around the world. 
Story Continued Below
Fahrenthold, whose work investigating Donald Trump’s charitable donations — and later for disparaging comments he made about women in 2005 — led the national news cycle in the final stretches of the presidential campaign, won the Pulitzer for National Reporting.
The New York Times walked away with three Pulitzer Prizes, including for international reporting for its reports on Russian President Vladimir Putin. Wall Street Journal columnist Peggy Noonan won the award for commentary. 
The staff of Utah's The Salt Lake Tribune won the award for local reporting for a series on Brigham Young University’s treatment of sexual assault victims, and the staff of the East Bay Times in Oakland, California, was awarded the Pulitzer for breaking news for its coverage of a warehouse fire in Oakland that killed 36. Reporter Eric Eyre from the West Virginia paper The Charleston Gazette-Mail won the investigative reporting award for three stories about the causes of the spike in opioid deaths in West Virginia. 
Art Cullen, the editor and co-owner of the biweekly Northwest Iowa paper The Storm Lake Times, won the prize for editorial writing for a series of editorials about corporate agricultural interests in the state. 
The full list of Pulitzer Prize winners and links to all the winning articles can be found here. 



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump has far more than three years left in his first term. But inside his pressure cooker of a White House, aides and advisers are sweating the next three weeks.
The symbolic 100-day mark by which modern presidents are judged menaces for an image-obsessed chief executive whose opening sprint has been marred by legislative stumbles, legal setbacks, senior staff kneecapping one another, the resignation of his national security adviser and near-daily headlines and headaches about links to Russia.
Story Continued Below
The date, April 29, hangs over the West Wing like the sword of Damocles as the unofficial deadline to find its footing — or else.
But however real Trump’s frustrations are with the three rival power centers he has installed — chief of staff Reince Priebus, son-in-law Jared Kushner and chief strategist Steve Bannon — top officials inside and around the White House don’t expect Trump to make any drastic changes until after 100 days, lest staff-turmoil stories swamp a key stretch of media coverage. 
That reprieve — unless Trump simply decides he’s had enough — has both bought his staff a little time and put it on edge. 
“One hundred days is the marker, and we’ve got essentially 2 1/2 weeks to turn everything around,” said one White House official. "This is going to be a monumental task.”
For a president who often begins and ends his days imbibing cable news, the burden has fallen heavily on a press team that recognizes that how well it sells Trump’s early tenure in the media will likely color the president’s appetite for an internal shake-up. 
That was the backdrop for a tense planning session for the 100-day mark last week.
More than 30 Trump staffers piled into a conference room in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building adjoining the White House on Tuesday, according to a half-dozen attendees who described the meeting.
Mike Dubke, Trump’s communications director, and his deputy, Jessica Ditto, kicked off the discussion of how to package Trump’s tumultuous first 100 days by pitching the need for a “rebranding” to get Trump back on track. 
“I think the president’s head would explode if he heard that,” one of the White House officials present said.
Staffers, including counselor Kellyanne Conway, were broken into three groups, complete with whiteboards, markers and giant butcher-block-type paper to brainstorm lists of early successes. One group worked in the hallway. 
“It made me feel like I was back in fifth grade,” complained another White House aide who was there. “That’s the best way I could describe it.” 
Dubke, who did not work on the campaign, told the assembled aides that international affairs would present a messaging challenge because the president lacks a coherent foreign policy. Three days later, Trump would order missile strikes in Syria in a reversal after years of opposition to such intervention.
“There is no Trump doctrine,” Dubke declared.
Some in the room were stunned by the remark.
“It rubbed people the wrong way because on the campaign we were pretty clear about what he wanted to do,” said a third White House official in the room, “He was elected on a vision of America First. America First is the Trump doctrine.” 
One of the administration officials lamented, “We’ve got a comms team supposedly articulating the president’s message [that] does not appear to understand the president’s message.”
Dubke told POLITICO he was disappointed White House staff would complain in the press rather than in real time. 
“It was a brainstorming session, and I really wish they had spoken up in the room so that we could have had an open and honest conversation,” he said. “It is unproductive adjudicating internal discussions through the media.” 
As for the rebranding remark, Dubke said that had been misinterpreted. “There is not a need for a rebranding, but there is a need to brand the first 100 days,” Dubke said. “Because if we don’t do it, the media is going to do it. That’s what our job is.”
Trump’s communications team is now plotting to divide the first 100 days into three categories of accomplishments, according to people familiar with plans: “prosperity” (such as new manufacturing jobs, reduced regulations and pulling out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal), “accountability” (following through on swamp-draining campaign promises such as lobbying restrictions) and “safety/security” (including the dramatic reduction in border crossings and the strike in Syria).
Amid near-constant talk of staff shuffling, Dubke’s name has fallen below the radar, in part because he cuts such a low profile. He was a late addition to Trump’s team after the initial pick for the job, Jason Miller, bowed out for personal reasons. A behind-the-scenes operator, Dubke has yet to appear on television, Trump’s favorite medium.
But as most of Trump’s senior team — Cabinet members, military and economic advisers, Bannon, Priebus, Kushner and White House press secretary Sean Spicer — went to Mar-a-Lago last week for the bilateral meeting with China amid the unfolding Syrian situation, Dubke was conspicuously absent and back in D.C.
“That would tell you exactly how he is perceived,” said one of the White House officials.
However, another White House official defended Dubke’s internal role, saying that before his arrival people in the press operation were “doing whatever they wanted to do without a broader set of goals being defined.” Dubke imposed structure, “and that’s going to ruffle some feathers.”
Still, the more sympathetic aide to Dubke admitted, “He has not yet integrated into the senior leadership.”
The constant presence of senior advisers encircling Trump has created a vicious — and, some officials say, self-defeating — cycle in which top aides feel they cannot leave his side, lest they lose influence or be perceived to have. 
“People are saying, ‘Why is everyone traveling with the president?’ and in the next breath, ‘You must not be important, you’re not traveling with the president?’” another White House official complained. “You can’t have it both ways.”
Trump hired Dubke in mid-February after a frustrating first month of bad press, telling Fox News later that month "in terms of messaging, I would give myself a C or a C+.” But even after Dubke’s arrival, Trump and his senior team have continued to seek outside advice. 
During the failed push to pass health care legislation, Miller drafted a short messaging memo with four bullet points that was given to top White House officials, including Kushner and Bannon, according to four people familiar with the matter.
Miller, who now works for Teneo, the consulting firm created by former aides to Bill and Hillary Clinton, has been spotted around the White House twice in recent weeks, though he has made clear to friends in the administration that he has no interest in joining the White House.
The constant palace intrigue and internal jockeying has left the White House in a state of paralysis. 
Trump parted with deputy chief of staff Katie Walsh in late March; his aides are discussing a reorganization; and Trump himself has begun floating names to replace Priebus for feedback, according to a person close to the White House. On Friday, Trump ordered his two other senior-most advisers, Kushner and Bannon, to settle their differences in a Mar-a-Lago sit-down after a week of their increasing shadowboxing through anonymous accusations in the press. 
One White House official last week questioned why Bannon was taking on a member of Trump’s family so openly. 
“For a Svengali, that doesn’t seem like a smart thing to do,” the official said. “I don’t think that ends well for him.” 
A White House ally of Bannon noted that despite bumping up against Trump’s son-in-law, he had held sway over the most crucial policy rollouts, such as Trump’s hard line on immigration and trade. “Anyone who thinks that Steve has lost his influence, they don’t know what the f--- they’re talking about,” this person said.
The strikes on Syria, a successful summit with President Xi Jinping of China and Friday’s sit-down between Bannon and Kushner appear to have calmed some frayed nerves. Two people who have spoken with the president in recent days said Trump’s mood has improved. 
Still, the question of how to frame the first 100 days remains a challenge. 
Trump aides are grappling with the reality that they will end this opening period with no significant legislative achievements other than rolling back Obama-era regulations. Even the White House’s most far-reaching success, the confirmation of Justice Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court, required the Senate rewriting its own rules to overcome Democratic opposition. 
Though the White House continues to push for progress on stalled health care legislation, there are only five legislative days remaining once Congress returns from a two-week spring break. Plus, another deadline looms: Trump and the Republican-controlled Congress must still pass a bill before April 28 to keep the government running. 
If they fail, a shutdown would begin on Trump’s 100th day in office.



ARTICLE
K.T. McFarland, the television pundit turned deputy national security adviser in the Trump White House, is leaving her post, according to a senior National Security Council official.
She will become the ambassador to Singapore, the official said, though it is unclear when she officially will depart to take the new post. 
Story Continued Below
McFarland, whose appointment was controversial, was a favorite of Gen. Michael Flynn, the former national security adviser who was ousted for not telling the truth about conversations with Russia's ambassador. She was also a favorite of Trump, who liked her Fox News appearances and developed a personal connection with her.
But McFarland was a flashpoint in the national security establishment, where many believed she was not a good fit for the post and questioned her bona fides. She was a national security aide in the 1970s and a former candidate for senator in New York. 
Gen. H.R. McMaster, the new national security adviser, did not want her to remain in the post and helped orchestrate the change. 
Bloomberg News first reported the departure. 



ARTICLE
The new deployment of a U.S. aircraft carrier strike group toward the Korean Peninsula is "prudent," White House national security adviser H.R. McMaster said Sunday.
"It’s prudent to do it, isn’t it? North Korea has been engaged in a pattern of provocative behavior,” McMaster said on "Fox News Sunday." “The president has asked us to be prepared give him a full range of options to remove that threat to the American people and to our allies and partners in the region.”
Story Continued Below
Referring to the just-finished U.S. visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping, McMaster said that President Donald Trump and Xi agreed on the threat posed by North Korea’s recent missile tests and nuclear weapons development. 
“President Xi and President Trump agreed that that is unacceptable, that what must happen is the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula,” McMaster said. 



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping agreed to work with the international community to achieve a peaceful solution to the North Korea nuclear threat during their diplomatic meetings at Mar-a-Lago, according to statement released Friday by the White House press office.
Following a second day of bilateral talks, press secretary Sean Spicer said both China and the U.S. agreed to increase cooperation between the two superpowers to "convince North Korea to peacefully resolve the issue and dismantle its illegal nuclear and missile programs" and to prevent the spread of nuclear weapons in the Korean peninsula. 
Story Continued Below
According to Spicer, Xi and Trump "reaffirmed their commitment to a denuclearized Korean peninsula, and committed to fully implement UN Security Council resolutions."
Trump has previously criticized China's handling of North Korea, telling Reuters in March he was "not liking" the dynamic, adding, "I know exactly what's going on between China and North Korea and everybody else."
During an interview with the Financial Times published Sunday, Trump warned that if China was unwilling to collaborate on North Korea, the United States would be willing to go it alone. 
"China will either decide to help us with North Korea or they won't," he said. "If they do, that will be very good for China, and if they don't, it won't be good for anyone."
The White House said Trump also stressed to Xi the importance of creating "reciprocal market access" that did not disadvantage American workers. Trump repeatedly bashed China on the campaign trail and upon taking office, blaming it for the loss of American jobs. 
At Mar-a-Lago on Friday, Trump urged China to take steps to "level the playing field for American workers," according to the statement.
"President Trump noted the challenges caused by Chinese government intervention in its economy and raised serious concerns about the impact of China's industrial, agricultural, technology, and cyber policies on United States jobs and exports." 
Xi and Trump also discussed China's increased militarization in the South China Sea, with President Trump urging the Chinese to adhere to international norms. Trump also "noted the importance of protecting human rights and other values deeply held by Americans," according to the statement.



ARTICLE
Steve Bannon and Jared Kushner, two warring senior White House aides, had a bury-the-hatchet meeting ordered by President Donald Trump, after arriving at Mar-a-Lago this week.
The sit-down, which was confirmed by two White House officials, was an attempt to smooth over tensions between the two men, which have dominated headlines for days. Whether the meeting was successful in creating a détente – and how long it lasts – is an open question, especially in a White House that has been dominated by infighting. 
Story Continued Below
Bannon and Kushner had for months been allies. In recent weeks, though, there has been substantial discord between them. The fight, people in the administration say, centers on policy differences. Bannon, White House chief strategist, is a flame-throwing populist who formerly ran Breitbart News. He has criticized Kushner, Trump's son-in-law and senior adviser, for his more politically moderate approach. Kushner is suspicious of Bannon’s fiery style and has been concerned about how he’s influencing the president.
Suspicion between Bannon’s team and Kushner’s has intensified in recent days, with both sides accusing the other of planting negative stories in the media.
Word of the meeting comes as several news organizations reported Bannon, and possibly other senior White House aides including Chief of Staff Reince Priebus, could be soon be forced out in a broader shakeup. 
The White House communications director, Michael Dubke, declined to comment.



ARTICLE
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. — President Donald Trump, a man who often spends hours every day watching TV, kept talking about the pictures of the chemical attacks in Syria on Tuesday: those he was given in briefings, but also the ones he saw flashing on the screen. And he remarked to friends and associates about how Barack Obama looked “weak, just so, so weak,” as one adviser recalled it, when he condemned the Syrian regime but backed off military action. Trump was determined not to make that mistake.
“You could be Barack Obama, or you could be Donald Trump,” Newt Gingrich, a top adviser who keeps in touch with Trump and his aides and is writing a book on the president, said by way of explaining the president’s decision to send missiles into an air base suspected of launching the chemical attack.
Story Continued Below
Yet the president’s decision to strike Syria was hardly an expression of a dramatic shift in position for Trump, who campaigned against intervention, aides and advisers say. Even Friday, White House press secretary Sean Spicer declined to call for the ouster of Bashar Assad, a man whom Trump labeled a brutal, fierce dictator.
In conversations Friday with five aides and advisers inside and outside the White House, including some traveling with the president, it was clear that the president remains leery of intervention, but that he also hasn't grappled extensively with his own foreign policy doctrine, and seems to be malleable based on the situation. Several said they were unsure whether the president would authorize strikes on other countries in similar circumstances. 
 Several people close to him say he repeatedly brought up the photographs and saw the episode “as a test,” one adviser said. One adviser said he had spoken about Syria occasionally for months, pondering what to do, even speaking about it during the transition.
“He felt like he had no choice,” said Sen. Bob Corker, a Tennessee Republican who spoke with Trump on Thursday night after the airstrikes. “When you've got a brutal dictator and the United States credibility at stake, he felt like the U.S. had to do something. I’m very proud of him.”
People who have spoken to Trump said he seemed to be wrestling with foreign policy issues and the need for America to be more aggressive and collaborative, shifting from the “America First” rhetoric of his campaign. “I have seen a positive evolution on China, on NATO, on Syria,” Corker said. 
Trump was first told about the attacks during his presidential daily briefing on Tuesday morning, according to White House spokesman Sean Spicer. He asked a number of questions, including how the United States could be sure what happened and who was responsible. He also asked how the missiles work and how many he needed to use — and how other countries, like Russia, would react to a U.S. airstrike. He didn’t seem committed to taking action, but wanted to hear more.
Several people say Trump relied on Defense Secretary James Mattis, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Joseph Dunford, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, who kept in touch with him several times a day and answered his questions in “straightforward, to-the-point ways,” said one administration official. All three advisers supported the strike and wanted the president on board.
Several top officials, including Tillerson, told Trump it was important to strike the exact airfield where officials believed the gas was made and from which the planes flew, according to two people, including a senior White House official. That would make the attack easier to justify and deem it “proportional,” a word they saw as key to ensuring the strike’s legality.
There was a small huddle in the White House on Tuesday night at which Trump asked more questions. He reconvened Wednesday afternoon with aides, who brought back detailed plans on how to carry out “strike packages,” according to another official familiar with the discussions. 
“He was not good with it then,” this official said. Another person familiar with the evolution of Trump’s thinking through the week said “while I think he was leaning towards it, he wasn’t ready to pull the trigger.”
In the midst of the debate, Trump pulled his chief strategist Steve Bannon, who is leery of military engagement, off the National Security Council. Bannon wasn't “vociferously opposed” to the strikes but was more skeptical than others, according to the official familiar with the discussions. 
On Thursday, Trump traveled in heavy rain to Joint Base Andrews with a national security team, which joined him in a cabin aboard Air Force One, where they ate grilled flank steak sandwiches and vegetable potato chips en route to Florida, for a summit with Chinese President Xi Jinping. Trump was increasingly determined to move forward with the attack, though he indicated in brief comments to reporters he was still undecided about what course to take. “I think what happened in Syria is a disgrace to humanity, and I guess he's running things,” the president said. “So something should happen.”
After a final meeting at his Mar-a-Lago resort soon after his motorcade arrived, Trump made the decision at 4:45 p.m., minutes before he strolled onto the patio and greeted Xi, grinning for the cameras. 
Aides began putting the final touches on arguments to justify the strikes to the world. By saying the chemicals could make it to the United States and identifying the international agreements that Syria broke, they hoped to secure more international support — and head off an argument over why the strikes could be illegal, said one of the administration officials.
There was a conscious decision not to seek for permission from Congress, even though Trump had publicly said Obama should seek congressional authorization. Trump was determined, these people said, to keep his actions secret, and several advisers said he didn't betray to several friends that he was considering a strike. He didn’t ask for advice from traditional Republican allies, like Corker, the head of the Senate Foreign Relations committee, who seemed willing to give the president a pass. “It would be better if that happened in the future,” Corker said. 
Corker said he understood why the administration didn’t ask for a congressional okay. “They felt like that for it to be effective, it needed to be in the immediate time frame,” he said. 
Russian military officials were alerted before the strikes as part of a “de-confliction agreement,” according to Tillerson and the Pentagon, but the White House made a decision not to tell Russian President Vladimir Putin, an Assad ally, and they gave the military short notice. Trump has been accused of being overly friendly toward Putin, and U.S. intelligence agencies are investigating Russian interference in the 2016 election on Trump’s behalf.
Several outside advisers and friends to Trump said the attack was a good way to show some distance on the ties. The decision to unleash the missiles while President Xi was in town was not a message about North Korea, these people said, though outside advisers say they are sure the symbolism wasn't lost on a president who cares about visuals above all. Some aides, like Bannon, questioned whether it was smart to do it on Thursday night. But Trump wanted them done “quickly,” said one person who spoke with him. One senior official said the administration wasn't worried about China, and that had they continued to hold off, it would have looked like dithering. "We didn't care what they thought," this official said. 
“He doesn’t like hesitation, whether it’s a military strike or a tweet,” this adviser said.
In keeping with the administration’s desire to keep the strikes secret, and amid concerns that they could dominate much of the evening's agenda or cause a stir, he didn’t tell the Chinese president until after the dinner of prime rib, mashed potatoes and chocolate cake. Xi departed soon afterward.
After the missiles landed, Trump retreated to a secure room at Mar-a-Lago, where he sat with more than a dozen aides. On video conference were aides at another Florida hotel and Vice President Mike Pence, who was in the White House Situation Room with a number of top military aides, National Security Council officials, and other advisers, including Attorney General Jeff Sessions. 
The team didn’t watch the strikes because the 59 Tomahawk missiles weren’t equipped with cameras. Instead, Trump was given by-the-minute updates by Dunford and Mattis as he sat next to Tillerson and Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross. Adviser Jared Kushner and others sat nearby. Trump looked stone-faced.
Two people in the room said he wanted to hear the specifics of what the missiles demolished and asked Pence and others what foreign allies and congressional allies were saying. 
The briefing lasted about 20 minutes. Trump emerged into the Tea Room at Mar-a-Lago and spoke for about two minutes, again mentioning the photos. 
"Even beautiful babies were cruelly murdered in this very barbaric attack. No child of God should ever suffer such horror," he said, seemingly explaining his shift.
Trump watched TV coverage and made a number of calls, to Corker and others. By Friday afternoon, Trump’s aides were touting the positive coverage his decision had received. The president already faced a rebuke from Russia — and Syrian planes were already flying from the air base again Friday afternoon. 



ARTICLE
The question tormented Obama administration officials for years: Should we strike at Syrian dictator Bashar Assad or not?
Under President Barack Obama, the answer was always no. It took President Donald Trump less than three months to say yes.
Story Continued Below
In the wake of this week’s attacks, Democratic Syria hawks couldn’t help but rue the fact that Trump had become their unlikely savior.
“Obama should have done this four years ago when the problem was easier. History will judge him harshly because he didn’t,” said Jane Harman, a former Democratic congresswoman from California who is now director of the Wilson Center, a Washington think tank. 
“We have to depersonalize this. Some people don’t like Trump, so they’re upset that he did this,” she added. “If a policy is right, congratulate those who are carrying it out.”
One longtime proponent of military action against Assad is former Secretary of State John Kerry, who was “absolutely supportive” of Trump’s strike and “gratified to see that it happened quickly,” according to a person close to the former diplomat.
Kerry is watching to see whether more strikes might be coming, this person said, who added that Kerry “believes if executed correctly and clearly, [military action] can help reenergize the diplomatic channel” to produce a peace deal. 
Trump’s attack on a Syrian air base has produced conflicting emotions among other former Obama officials, who spent hundreds of hours wrestling with the mind-bending complexities of the Syrian civil war, only to see Trump take swift and at last superficially successful action after just a few days’ consideration.
Some find themselves in the previously unthinkable position of saluting Trump’s foreign policy judgment. Others acknowledged that Trump had also struck at Obama’s legacy—which many critics say is characterized by a stubborn aversion to using force in Syria despite pressure from top advisers.
In interviews Friday, several Obama national security alumni described themselves as balancing satisfaction at seeing the Syrian dictator pay a price for his brutality with their personal dislike and distrust of Trump. 
“I am completely torn,” said Ilan Goldenberg, who served as a senior official for Middle East issues at both the State Department and Pentagon under Obama.
“For six years we’d been wringing our hands about this thing. And then — boom — a hammer on your head and it’s done,” he said.
Goldenberg said he agrees with Trump’s decision to go forward with airstrikes this week. But he worries Trump is poorly equipped to handle its fallout, including potential acts of escalation by Assad or his allies, Russia and Iran. “I wish we could have somebody who is more aggressive than Obama—but I have no confidence that Trump is the guy,” he said.
Other former Obama officials who were deeply involved in Syria policy agreed.
“I know it feels really good right now to have Assad be the object of a strike. It’s something people have wanted been waiting for, for so long. We always wanted to see him pay. And that never really came from the Obama administration, which was a huge source of frustration for us,” said Jasmine El-Gamal, a senior fellow at the Atlantic Council who was the Pentagon’s country director for Syria from 2010 through 2013.
“But I’m just much more cautious about expressing joy, because a strike in itself without any follow through strategy, without any goal in mind, is almost more damaging than not doing anything at all,” she added. 
Goldenberg and El-Gamal are among many Obama administration veterans who were flashing back to September 2013, when the White House debated whether to hit Assad’s regime for using nerve gas against civilians in rebel-held areas, an act Obama had previously said would cross a “red line.” 
After building a case for what he said would be a targeted strike against Syrian forces, Obama aborted the plan when he brokered a deal with Russia to remove and destroy Assad’s declared chemical stockpile.
That outcome frustrated top Obamas advisers who had argued for a strike in countless hours of tense meetings. U.S. allies in the Middle East fumed that Obama had permanently damaged his credibility by backing down from a clear threat of force. 
By contrast, Trump finds himself basking in congratulations from both Republicans and Democrats in Congress, as well as key U.S. allies like Israel and Saudi Arabia.
Critics have pounced on both Kerry and Obama, saying that Assad’s alleged use of chemical weapons this week proved that the deal they cut with Russia, which led to the removal and destruction of 1300 tons of chemical agents, was an obvious failure. 
Former Obama officials counter that that it was virtually impossible to remove every trace of chemical agent from war-torn Syria in 2013, with or without Assad’s cooperation. Assad has also had several years to reconstitute his supply, something only deposing him could have prevented. They also noted that many of the removed chemicals had been stored in areas eventually captured by Islamic radicals.
“The world is still better off without the substantial amount of chemical weapons that were removed and destroyed—and would otherwise be susceptible to use by Assad or capture by ISIL or al Qaeda,” said Ben Rhodes, a former deputy national security adviser and Obama confidante. 
Some former Obama officials said they agree with Trump’s decision to strike—but mistrust his motives.
“My view in 2013 was that we should respond” militarily, said Phil Gordon, who served as the top aide for Middle East issues on Obama’s national security council at the time. “I thought it would require great discipline not to get sucked into the civil war, but that it would be quite an accomplishment to deter the use of chemical weapons by imposing a cost. Setting aside my reservations about Trump, in that context I support action now for the same reason.”
But core Obama loyalists showed little inclination to congratulate Trump. They noted that he still hasn't faced the real test that gave Obama the most pause: the prospect that Assad, Russia and Iran could react to a strike with new provocations, including another civilian massacre, that would force the U.S. to choose between escalation and backing down.
“No one doubts the capacity of our military to destroy a target like this,” Rhodes said. “You certainly do hope it improves the situation in Syria, but you can never tell the impact of a strike like this the day after it is taken. We’ll have to see how it plays out.”



ARTICLE
Mitch McConnell has no regrets when it comes to the Senate’s caustic nominations wars over the past decade — and he feels no responsibility for them, either. 
The Senate majority leader notched a major political victory — for him and President Donald Trump — when Neil Gorsuch was confirmed to the Supreme Court on Friday. His historic move a day earlier to invoke the “nuclear option” to gut the filibuster for all future Supreme Court nominees, the Senate majority leader told POLITICO in an interview, was merely finishing a fight that Democrats started more than a decade ago by blocking George W. Bush's judicial nominees. 
Story Continued Below
And now McConnell expects senators to take their two-week spring recess and move past the entire episode. 
“What I am hoping is that after the break, we’ll get back to more normal,” McConnell (R-Ky.) said. “I don’t think yesterday had as much drama attached to it as most people think.”
His counterpart, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.), has expressed some remorse for Democrats’ decision in 2013 to unilaterally eliminate the filibuster for nearly all nominations. McConnell had no such compunction. He argued that Democrats had no rationale for invoking the nuclear option four years ago in response to alleged Republican obstructionism. 
Asked whether he felt any responsibility using dilatory tactics during the Obama presidency, McConnell responded: “No.”
“At the time they pulled the trigger, we confirmed 215 judges and defeated two,” McConnell said, referring to the 2013 change. “I rest my case: 215 to two. So there was no provocation to do that. They just wanted to stack the D.C. Circuit.”
He also defended his decision to block Merrick Garland for almost a year, saying it not only helped the GOP retain the Senate majority but helped Trump win the presidency. Some other senators take a dimmer view, saying this week's move could mean that future presidents will be able to install justices on the high court only when the president’s party controls the Senate. 
McConnell said his track record of cutting deals undercuts the rap that he's presided over growing partisanship and a decay of the institution's character over the past decade.
“Have you forgotten the Biden-McConnell deals?” McConnell said, referring to his skill for striking major legislative agreements with former Vice President Joe Biden. “The two-year extension of the Bush tax cuts in 2010. The Budget Control Act of 2011. The fiscal cliff deal on Dec. 31 of 2013. We made deals all the time.”
The typically poker-faced majority leader was in a jovial mood on Friday, bearing a broad grin as he sat down with a pair of reporters, while insisting: “I smile all the time.” 
 “I’ve got to have this dour expression" publicly, he joked, "to keep you guys off balance.” 
McConnell's central role in the first major victory of the Trump presidency is unambiguous. In addition to his quick decision after Antonin Scalia’s death to leave the Supreme Court seat open until after the election, McConnell privately encouraged the Trump campaign that it work with the conservative Federalist Society to release a list of potential Supreme Court nominees during the election. That helped Trump win over traditional conservatives wary of the candidate, who was once a registered Democrat and proudly claimed he was “very pro-choice.” 
McConnell declined to say whether he thinks Trump needs to stick to that list of 21 potential candidates for the next vacancy on the Supreme Court. McConnell would say only that Trump should select a “highly-qualified nominee," even if that person will need the support of just 51 senators.
“I know he feels good about how this worked out,” McConnell said of Trump. “It’s been kind of a rough start to this administration. It’s nice to have a success. And I know he feels good about it. And the way to have a success is to do it again.”
McConnell added that the caliber of Gorsuch helped stiffen the spines of Senate Republicans unsure about supporting the nuclear option. The move lowered the threshold for advancing Supreme Court nominees from 60 votes to a simple majority, infuriating Democratic senators already enraged by McConnell's treatment of Garland last year. 
“Sen. McConnell may try to erase years of slowing down President Obama's nominees and Merrick Garland from his memory,” Schumer spokesman Matt House said. “But he can't erase the stain that his unprecedented blockade left on the Senate.”
But McConnell called his decision not to move on Garland, made within hours of Scalia's passing, the “most consequential” of his political career. He said he was “very comfortable” with it, despite the controversy it sparked. 
McConnell stressed that he does not support making changes to the 60-vote threshold needed to clear most Senate legislation. Nervous senators have warned that the legislative filibuster could be the next to go, and Sen. Susan Collins (R-Maine) released a letter Friday with more than 60 signatures from senators vowing to preserve it. 
“I will say I think this has nothing to do with the fundamental character of the Senate,” McConnell said of this week’s rules change. “I don’t know whether you guys have written that or not. But it’s not true. The essence of the Senate is the legislative filibuster."



ARTICLE
Before he was a presidential candidate, Donald Trump seemed to be in the camp of those who believed Congress was entitled to sign off before President Barack Obama launched a military strike in response to Syria’s use of chemical weapons. 
“What will we get for bombing Syria besides more debt and a possible long term conflict? Obama needs Congressional approval,” Trump tweeted in August 2013.
Story Continued Below
Now that he’s commander in chief, though, Trump says he had the legal authority to launch 59 cruise missiles at a Syrian government-held air base this week in the wake of a chemical gas attack on civilians.
“As Commander in Chief, the President has the power under Article II of the Constitution to use this sort of military force overseas to defend important U.S. national interests,” the White House statement read. “The United States has a strong national interest in preserving regional stability, averting a worsening of the humanitarian catastrophe in Syria, and deterring the use and proliferation of chemical weapons, especially in a region rife with international terrorist groups with long-standing interests in obtaining these weapons and using them to attack the United States and its allies and partners.”
White House officials said Friday that the legal basis for the Syria strikes was “very similar” to that for President Barack Obama’s intervention in Libya in 2011. That action was blessed by the Justice Department’s Office of Legal Counsel in a 14-page opinion that concluded the broader operation Obama ordered was still too small to amount to the kind of war-making that required congressional sign-off.
“The historical practice of presidential military action without congressional approval precludes any suggestion that Congress’s authority to declare war covers every military engagement, however limited, that the President initiates,” Justice Department official Caroline Krass wrote. “We believe applicable historical precedents demonstrate that the limited military operations the President anticipated directing were not a ‘war’ for constitutional purposes.”
Critics contend that opinion was off the mark and that the kind of military action a president can take without congressional approval is limited to small-scale raids. 
“I’d consider ‘small’ a commando action like the one used to seize [Benghazi attack suspect Ahmed] Abu Khatallah in Libya, not a Tomahawk missile, and certainly not 59 of them,” said Notre Dame law professor Mary Ellen O’Connell.
O’Connell also rejected the Trump team’s comparison to the scenario that played out in Libya about six years ago.
“Libya had a [U.N.] Security Council authorization and this doesn’t, so this is another blow by the Trump administration against international institutions and international law,” the professor said. “They chose wisely because nobody wants to be saying anything that sounds soft about Assad or soft on the use of chemical weapons.”
Speaking to reporters Thursday night at Trump’s private club in Florida, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson seemed to be eager to rebut or pre-empt arguments that the operation violated international law. At the same time, he never quite conceded that was a concern and he appeared to choose his words carefully, calling the strikes “appropriate” but never explicitly defending their legality.
“It’s important that some action be taken on behalf of the international community to make clear that the use of chemical weapons continues to be a violation of international norms,” Tillerson said. “One of the existential threats we see on the ground in Syria is, if there are weapons of this nature available in Syria, the ability to secure those weapons and not have them fall into the hands of those who would bring those weapons to our shores to harm American citizens. ... We feel the strike itself was proportional because it was targeted at the facility that delivered this most recent chemical weapons attack. And in carrying this out, we coordinated very carefully with our international partners in terms of communicating with them around the world.”
O’Connell said Tillerson’s comments were a jumble of words used in international law discussions, but didn’t amount to a coherent argument. 
“They put a few legal terms in there, that’s true, but they’re missing the phrase that pays, which is: What is the exception in the U.N. Charter that permits them to resort to force in the first place?” she said. “The irony is they’re saying, ‘Hey, we’re citing the Chemical Weapons Convention as an important international war norm, without in any way offering an explanation of how they get to violate an equally important norm which is the prohibition on aggression. ... It doesn’t work that way.” 
What’s less clear is what consequences Trump or the U.S. will face for the strikes. Critics say the alleged failure to abide by international law in the Syria case could undercut U.S. efforts to pressure other countries over their aggressive acts, such as Russia’s invasion of Crimea or China’s assertive moves in the South China Sea. 
“If we maintain a consistent, compliant position with the U.N. charter, we’re in a much better position to make the case against those countries,” O’Connell said.
One attorney who has filed suits to try to assert congressional control over military operations said he is troubled that while the White House officials and Republican lawmakers are praising just-confirmed Supreme Court nominee Neal Gorsuch for his “originalist” approach to the Constitution, they’re ignoring what the founding document says about which branch of government has the power to make war.
“As usual, the textualists and originalists are AWOL about the use of the war power in the wake of a hearing where that was a rallying point of supporters of Justice Gorsuch,” said George Washington University law professor Jonathan Turley. “The situation is quite alarming. ... I think the framers would’ve been horrified by the notion that war would become discretionary and unilateral to the president.”
Former George W. Bush National Security Council and State Department legal adviser John Bellinger said arguments that Trump lacks authority for the strike under U.S. law are relatively weak.
“I think most Bush and Obama lawyers, and probably Obama himself, would say he doesn’t need congressional approval to do this, even if it may be a good idea to get it,” Bellinger said.
However, Bellinger said the international law basis for Trump’s Syria strikes is highly controversial and far from clear cut. And some Trump officials may not care.
“That’s my worry. … We had this in Bush administration in the Iraq War,” Bellinger said. “I get the sense there are a number of people in the Trump administration who don’t really believe there is a need for international legitimacy. The reason for that is not just to sort of soothe the ruffled feathers of other countries, but so we can criticize other countries when they don’t act consistent with the law, like the Russians, the Chinese and the Iranians. This is about reciprocity, not just the State Department wanting to be liked.”
CORRECTION: An earlier version of this story misidentified Krass as the current general counsel of the CIA. She left that post at the end of the Obama administration.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump wanted to be the trade president, the jobs president, the “America First” president. Now, less than three months into the White House, he is a president wading into a civil war in Syria with no end in sight and no clear pro-America parties on any side of the years-long conflict.
Trump faced his first crossroads as commander in chief this week — whether to stand by as Syrian President Bashar Assad gassed his own people to death or intervene militarily in a humanitarian tragedy in exactly the way he argued against before he was president. And unlike in his career as a businessman developer, walking away from two bad choices was not an option.
Story Continued Below
He chose to intercede, ordering Thursday’s strike on a Syrian air base that American officials say was used by the Assad regime to launch sarin gas attacks against civilians. In response, Russia announced on Friday that it would boost Syria’s air defenses in response to the American airstrike, a move that will cloud Secretary of State Rex Tillerson’s first official visit to Moscow, planned for next week. 
The move risks the wrath of Trump’s nationalist base, which is opposed to foreign military entanglements. It also threatens to open an international crisis for an administration that has struggled to advance domestic priorities amid constant infighting among top lieutenants and fellow Republicans in Congress.
One person close to the White House questioned the timing of Trump’s action, which came in the middle of his much-anticipated two-day summit with Chinese President Xi Jinping at Mar-a-Lago, billed as an opportunity to focus on America’s trade deficit, an issue Trump has spoken passionately about for decades.
“You have the second-biggest economic world leader sitting in your home and you’re going to overshadow him?” the person close to the White House said of the timing. “It’s amateur hour.”
Dennis Wilder, who served from 2015 to 2016 as the CIA’s deputy assistant director for East Asia and the Pacific, echoed that sentiment: “Missiles fly while Xi is feted. It makes Trump look strong but embarrasses Xi.”
The White House tried to paint Trump’s Syria strike as rising to a presidential moment. On Friday morning, the administration released a photograph of Trump, in his red power tie, being briefed on the airstrikes at Mar-a-Lago surrounded by advisers. It was reminiscent of the famous 2011 photo of President Barack Obama in the Situation Room watching the raid in which Osama Bin Laden was killed.
But if that image was meant to project competence and confidence, it came after days of vacillation over how the administration would handle Assad, whose grip on power White House press secretary Sean Spicer said just last week was “a political reality that we have to accept.”
Aboard Air Force One on Thursday, Trump said, “He’s there, and I guess he’s running things, so I guess something should happen.” Hours later, dozens of American Tomahawk missiles rained down on the Assad-controlled Syrian air base, near Homs.
Trump notably invoked “God” three times in his three-minute address about the bombings he ordered. It was a marked shift for a politician who in 2015 and 2016 mostly eschewed religious terminology except when he was wooing evangelical voters.
“No child of God should ever suffer such horror,” Trump said of the gas attacks, asking later “for God’s wisdom” in his response. But it was Trump’s final reference to God that was most telling. “God bless America and the entire world,” he said, offering a universal twist on the phrase American presidents have used for decades to close national speeches.
Some in the White House pitched the Syria strike as a limited move and not one that suggested Trump is lurching in a more interventionist direction, advocated by hawks like Republican Sen. John McCain. “I would not in any way attempt to extrapolate that to a change in our policy or our posture relative to our military activities in Syria,” Tillerson said.
Still, the administration embraced the language of internationalism and America as the world’s most important actor, if not chief enforcer. “It's important that some action be taken on behalf of the international community to make clear that these chemical weapons continue to be a violation of international norms,” Tillerson added.
That is a far cry from the economic nationalism that has been advocated by Trump’s chief strategist, Steve Bannon, who has been engaged ing a series of power struggles from the start of the administration, first with chief of staff Reince Priebus and more recently with Jared Kushner, Trump’s son-in-law and senior adviser, and Kushner’s allies, including advisers Gary Cohn and Dina Powell.
Trump’s core supporters strained to reconcile the militarized images of bombs landing thousands of miles away overnight with the America First rhetoric they embraced. 
“I’m officially OFF the Trump train,” tweeted Paul Joseph Watson, an editor at the reliably pro-Trump site InfoWars. 
“Missiles flying. [Marco] Rubio's happy. [John] McCain ecstatic. Hillary's on board. A complete policy change in 48 hrs,” tweeted Laura Ingraham, the talk radio host and a prominent Trump backer who spoke at the Republican National Convention.
Mike Cernovich, a pro-Trump blogger who has trafficked in fake news but whom the White House has also boosted in recent weeks, pushed the hashtag #NoMoreWars. “Push back,” he wrote, “it's what honest people do.”
Trump’s decision to intervene marks a clear break from his pre-presidential rhetoric.
In 2013, Trump had urged Obama “do not attack Syria. There is no upside and tremendous downside” in one tweet. In another all-caps missive, Trump wrote, “FOOLISH LEADER, DO NOT ATTACK SYRIA – IF YOU DO MANY VERY BAD THINGS WILL HAPPEN.”
By October 2016, Trump mostly complained about how “our country is so outplayed by Putin and Assad,” as he put it in one debate. On the campaign trail, Trump suggested working in concert with Russia to defeat the Islamic State, the most powerful force in Syria besides Assad. “I don't like Assad at all, but Assad is killing ISIS. Russia is killing ISIS,” Trump said at another debate against Clinton.
Democrats have hammered the president for hypocrisy after he lamented how “beautiful babies were cruelly murdered,” as Trump said Thursday night, while he has demonized Syrian refugees and pushed to block Syrian children from coming to America as refugees with his executive orders.
Yet, with Russia discussing strengthening Assad’s defenses, it is not clear how an impulsive and emotional president who takes poorly to any perceived slight will respond. He already cast the decision to strike Syria as driven, in part, by the emotion of seeing children writhing to death from sarin.
“A big impact on me — big impact,” Trump said at the White House Rose Garden on Wednesday. “That was a horrible, horrible thing. And I’ve been watching it and seeing it, and it doesn’t get any worse than that.”
Josh Meyer contributed to this report. 



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump's decision to launch a missile strike against the Syrian government has the backing of senators from both parties, but there is also a clear message coming from Capitol Hill — we need to see a strategy before you go any further.
Key senators emerged from a briefing Friday with Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Joe Dunford warning the president that if this was the beginning of a larger military campaign in Syria, Congress would have to get involved in a formal way.
Story Continued Below
Still, there was general, if cautious, support for Thursday's cruise missile attack against the Syrian airbase in Al Shayrat. U.S. officials said a gruesome chemical-weapons attack on Tuesday that killed more than 80 Syrian civilians had been launched from that site. 
Vice President Mike Pence is expected to begin briefing lawmakers soon on the Trump administration's plans for Syria, possibly reaching out to them during the upcoming two-week recess, senators said.
"There's a lot of discussion about what legal authorities the administration was operating under," Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn said. The Texas Republican pointed to the broad role granted to the commander-in-chief in protecting national security and also noted President Barack Obama used existing congressional authorizations following the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks and for the Iraq War to justify limited American military involvement in the Syria conflict.
Cornyn said Congress wants to know what else Trump plans to do in Syria — if anything — before determining whether lawmakers will have to vote to authorize the use of military force or fund such an effort.
"We don't have the benefit of a larger strategy, for the same reason the previous administration didn't come up with a strategy — it's very, very complicated," Cornyn admitted. "I think given the narrow parameters of this [strike], and the purpose of this, which is to prevent the use of chemical weapons, I think we're satisfied with what we heard."
Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker (R-Tenn.), a Trump ally, said he had a "long talk with the president" on Thursday evening, shortly before the missile strike commenced. Corker said the White House was expected to formally notify Congress of the attack as soon as Friday, including the legal rationale used by the White House to launch the strike.
"I think before you start looking at an additional authorization, you need to know what they're attempting to do," Corker said. "I think we need to know where this goes. There's no point in an AUMF today... If there's going to be additional activities, we'd need to do that."
Senators said Dunford's closed-door briefing focused on tactical aspects of Thursday’s strike — and not on the Trump administration’s larger plan for dealing with the Bashar al-Assad regime.
“I'd like to know what's going to happen next,” said Senate Minority Whip Dick Durbin (D-Ill.). “They really analyzed what has happened so far and left it at that.”
Several senators on the left and right also issued a threat — that if U.S. military strikes in Syria continue, they could hold up additional funding for the Pentagon in a bid to force a debate on a resolution to authorize military action.
“The power of the purse, that’s what it always comes down to,” Durbin noted. “They're asking for a supplemental for the Department of Defense. If enough members of Congress think that’s worthy of debate, this is the time to do it.”
Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.), a longtime opponent of U.S. military intervention in the Middle East, said there were a “handful” of senators in both parties willing to hold up government funding later this month to spark a debate on the use of force.
“When we come back, we’ll be talking about appropriating money, and we have discussed whether or not any of the money that’s going to the war effort — whether or not we should have a debate over, should you be doing that without an authorization of war?” Paul said. “There are at least a handful of people who still are interested in the Constitution and interested in the limitations on the war power.”
Paul has long railed against presidential encroachment of Congress' war-making powers and the fact that the House and Senate have done nothing to stop it. When asked what would have to change in order redress the balance of power between Capitol Hill and the White House, Paul was blunt: "New colleagues."
Sen. Mark Warner (D-Va.), ranking member on the Intelligence Committee, said, “I think the strike was successful, but there are clearly lots and lots of questions that the general was not prepared to answer that he said the administration has to answer.”
“The briefing was about what occurred, the details about the actual mission and the process by which the decision was made," added Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.). "In terms of what comes next, I would imagine that's the furtherance of a strategy in Syria, which has not yet been fully developed.”
Rubio opposed President Barack Obama's 2013 proposal to intervene in Syria, and said his change in position was due "to a new set of circumstances there."
Thursday’s cruise missile strike against Syria, which was in retaliation for Assad’s most recent chemical attack on his own people, has initially divided Congress into several camps. Congressional leaders in both parties have been largely supportive of the strikes; liberal Democrats and libertarian-minded Republicans have raised concerns about the constitutionality of the move; and conservative GOP hawks have offered full-throated support.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) told radio host Hugh Hewitt on Friday he did not believe the cruise missile strikes required authorization from Congress.
“We passed one back in 2001 and 2002, I believe, and the previous president thought that it authorized what we were doing in that part of the world, and I expect this president thinks the same,” said McConnell, who was notified of the strikes on Thursday night by Pence.
On Friday morning, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) sent a letter to House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.), urging Ryan to call the House back into session to debate an authorization for use of military force. The House began its two-week recess on Thursday; a Ryan aide said there would be no change in schedule, while also referring to a statement Ryan made calling the strikes "appropriate and just."
“The president’s action and any response demands that we immediately do our duty,” Pelosi said.



ARTICLE
Support from U.S. allies swelled for President Donald Trump's missile strikes against a Syrian military base, as the first American effort to retaliate against Syrian dictator Bashar Assad sparked new tensions with Russian leaders.
Allies including the United Kingdom, Australia and Israel Friday applauded Trump's decision the night before to order a pair of U.S. Navy destroyers to launch 59 Tomahawk missiles, destroying the Syrian military airbase where aircraft that carried out this week’s chemical weapons attack are believed to have been launched. 
Story Continued Below
The Pentagon said it was investigating the possibility that Russian forces were complicit in the Syrian chemical weapons attack that killed more than 70 people, including young children, although there was currently no evidence to suggest Moscow's involvement. A senior military official said that “at a minimum, Russia failed to reign in the Syrian regime.”
Trump called “on all civilized nations to join us in seeking to end the slaughter and bloodshed in Syria.” The president, speaking at his Mar-a-Lago resort on Florida Thursday night, said the Syrian chemical weapon attack resulted in “a slow and brutal death for so many” and that “no child of God should ever suffer such horror."
The move rattled relationships with Russia and Iran, both allies of the Syrian regime. Moscow, in retaliation, said it was cutting off contact with Washington about ongoing airstrike operations in Syria, although U.S. officials said they had spoken to Russian military there as recently as Friday. The Trump administration also said it was preparing sanctions against Syria, although no details were given.
Assad’s government, which has denied that it was behind the chemical weapons attack, called the attacks “reckless,” the Associated Press reported. About 20 Syrian military aircraft were destroyed by the salvo, U.S. military officials told reporters on Friday. 
U.S. leaders have pointed fingers at Russia for failing to enforce a 2013 deal in which Syria was supposed to hand over its chemical weapons. A U.S. military official told reporters there were between 12 and 100 Russians stationed at the airfield where Tuesday’s chemical attack was believed to have originated. “They know every flight operation that goes out of that airfield,” the official said.
Nikki Haley, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, also laid blame squarely at the feet of the Russian government, saying at a Friday meeting of the UN Security Council that Assad had only launched the chemical weapon attack "because he knew Russia would have his back." 
She also issued a warning, telling the Security Council that "the United States took a very measured step last night. We are prepared to do more. But we hope that will not be necessary."
Some U.S. allies joined the Russia pile-on. At the same Friday Security Council meeting, UK ambassador Matthew Rycroft suggested that the Kremlin, which helped to broker the deal by which Syria claimed to have surrendered its chemical weapon stockpile, may have learned that “backing a war criminal comes with its own consequence: humiliation.”
 “Russia sits here humiliated by its failure to bring to heel a puppet dictator propped up by Russia itself and Hezbollah and Iran,” he said. 
The UK government had already applauded Trump’s decision to launch the strikes, as did others. Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, with whom Trump reportedly had a terse conversation earlier this year, called the missile strikes “a calibrated, proportionate and targeted response.” French President Francois Hollande and German Chancellor Angela Merkel said in a joint statement that Assad “bears sole responsibility” for the missile strike because of his regime’s use of chemical weapons.
Russia’s deputy ambassador to the UN, Vladimir Safronkov, said attacking the Syrian regime would only strengthen terrorists in Syria. “It is not difficult to imagine how much the spirits of these terrorists have been raised after the support from Washington,” he said. 
Defense officials said Friday they have seen no retaliation so far against U.S. forces in the region and that the fight against ISIS has not been impacted by the strikes. 
Moscow denounced the U.S. strikes as “aggression against a sovereign state in violation of international law.” While the U.S. has claimed intelligence identified the Syrian government as responsible for this week’s chemical weapons attack, Russia says the attack was the result of a traditional airstrike which hit an unknown cache of chemical weapons in a rebel-controlled portion of Syria.
 The Russian military also sought to downplay the effectiveness of the U.S. strikes, claiming only 23 of the 59 Tomahawk missiles reached their intended target. Citing a U.S. official, The Associated Press reported that all except one of the American missiles hit their targets.
On Twitter, Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif noted that his nation, which also backs Assad, had been the victim of a chemical weapon attack by Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein in the 1980s. “Iran condemns use of all WMD by anyone against anyone,” he wrote. 
But he called the allegations of a chemical weapon attack by the Syrian government “bogus.”
Still, others in the Middle East backed the strikes. Saudi Arabia lauded Trump’s “courageous decision” to launch missiles against Assad’s military.
Jacqueline Klimas and Nolan McCaskill contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
The office of Syrian President Bashar Assad on Friday condemned the U.S. missile strikes against Syria, calling them “irresponsible” and “reckless,” according to the Associated Press. 
The statement said the attack on Shayrat air base near Homs was shortsighted and wasn’t based on fact. 
Story Continued Below
President Donald Trump on Thursday said Assad “choked out the lives of helpless men, women and children” during a chemical attack that killed about 80 people the town of Khan Sheikhoun earlier this week. The missile strike against the Syrian airbase was in response to the chemical attack. 
Several countries have praised Trump’s action in Syria, including Israel and Saudi Arabia. Russia, a Syrian ally, denounced the attack. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov called the U.S. missile strikes “aggression against a sovereign state in violation of international law.”
Syria's Foreign Ministry also weighed in Friday, saying the missile attack was "a flagrant aggression" that was meant to "weaken the strength of the Syrian army in confronting terrorist groups," as the AP reported. 
The ministry added that the chemical weapons attack, which the nation has denied responsibility for, was "a premeditated action that aimed to justify the launching of a US attack on the Syrian army."



ARTICLE
Tempers are flaring at the White House over House Republicans’ failure to repeal Obamacare. But that hasn’t changed the reality on the ground: As Congress skips town for a two-week recess, Speaker Paul Ryan and his team are no closer to approving legislation.
In fact, some Ryan allies worry that the White House involvement has only set GOP leaders back further. 
Story Continued Below
Vice President Mike Pence this week floated concessions designed to assuage conservatives, raising expectations among far-right lawmakers that the changes would be adopted. But senior House Republicans say the suggestions would undermine protections for people with pre-existing conditions — and probably cause more moderates to drop off as supporters of the legislation than draw additional conservatives in support.
White House officials are nevertheless bearing down on Ryan to move a bill soon, even suggesting during a Wednesday evening meeting that he keep lawmakers in town until a deal is struck. GOP leaders, however, say the legislation isn’t ready and lawmakers need to cool down before they try again to pass again.
“In a weird way, having some members away from this place where you can just concentrate on where the differences still are … may actually help us focus,” said Rep. Dave Schweikert (R-Ariz.), a Freedom Caucus member who’s become a key ally of Ryan’s in trying to win over conservatives.
The back-and-forth has strained relations between the White House and Hill Republicans. Multiple sources told POLIITCO that administration aides are under intense pressure to help the House deliver on one of Trump’s top campaign promises — and many are fretting that their jobs will be in jeopardy if it doesn't happen.
That’s why White House officials are taking out their frustration on House leaders, urging them to pass something — anything. They’ve made no secret of their prediction that Republican lawmakers will suffer in the next election if they don't follow through on repealing Obamacare. Even Trump’s chief of staff, Reince Priebus — a longtime Ryan ally who also hails from Wisconsin — suggested Ryan’s speakership could be in jeopardy if Republicans fail to deliver on repealing and replacing Obamacare.
Meanwhile, the political uncertainty over the fate of Obamacare is already hitting the health care markets. It drove two insurers to abandon the Iowa exchange in the past week, leaving much of the state with no more than one insurer in 2018. And even that company hasn’t publicly committed to staying.
Indeed, insurance companies are awaiting cues from Congress and the Trump administration about whether it's worth remaining in the volatile markets next year. Time is running out: Insurers will need to notify state and federal officials by June or July, depending on the state, about whether they will remain.
Ryan tried to put a positive spin on the week’s developments, inviting 20 rank-and-file members from across the Republican Conference to join him onstage at a news conference Thursday. He said House Republicans are working together on their Obamacare alternative, and argued “that divide is narrowing quite quickly.”
“We’re going to keep working in the days and weeks ahead to try and find that consensus and try to get this bill done,” he said. 
Asked about the idea backed by Pence and the Freedom Caucus that worries centrists and traditional Republicans, Ryan downplayed any problems.
“I’m not going to get into the particular details of the conversations that are going on, he said, "but we believe there are additional ideas and reforms that can ... protect people with pre-existing conditions and continue to lower premiums.”
Behind the scenes, however, Republicans are searching frantically for a path forward. At the meeting of top administration aides and House leaders at the White House Wednesday, Ryan was urged to delay the recess to hash out a compromise. The speaker and Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) had to explain they didn’t yet have a bill to move and members needed to cool off.
GOP leaders instead agreed to advance a noncontroversial measure that papers over the remaining conflicts but allows Republicans to tout some progress before they leave, as Trump wanted. Ryan’s staff scrambled late into the night to push forward the proposal by Reps. Gary Palmer of Alabama and Schweikert, which would provide an additional $15 billion to help lower insurance premiums.
Insurers could use the money to help pay for care for their most costly consumers, potentially bringing down premiums for everyone. Democratic critics say the funding is suspiciously similar to the insurer “bailout” programs in Obamacare that the GOP panned for years.
“I think they want to leave, probably, with a sense of optimism, that the thing’s back on track and they’re moving in the right direction,” said Rep. Tom Cole (R-Okla.). “I think that’s the wise thing to do. I’m hopeful that this is a good sign.”
Despite the progress on that front, House Republicans will still have to bridge perhaps their biggest outstanding policy divide: Allowing states to opt out of Obamacare regulations that bar insurance companies from charging sick people more than most healthier individuals, known as "community rating." Conservatives back the idea, but most mainstream Republicans say it would decimate Obamacare’s protections for people with preexisting conditions, which Trump has vowed to keep in place.
But the White House wants something done now and believes the change could be the way out of the current logjam. 
That may be true. House Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows (R-N.C.) said at a POLITICO Playbook event Thursday that “if those offers that were made actually appear in the legislation, the majority, if not almost all of the Freedom Caucus, will vote for this bill.” That would deliver GOP leaders as many as 20 more conservatives. 
 
  ...
 “That’s the sticking point, but I think we’re getting closer to get there,” said Rep. Scott DesJarlais (R-Tenn.), a Freedom Caucus member. “People have got to ask themselves, do they really want Obamacare repealed or not?”
Still, it's unclear how many moderates and even traditional Republican would drop off if the change is adopted. House chief deputy whip Patrick McHenry (R-N.C.) this week called the community rating regulations “very important protections.” 
Rep. Tim Murphy (R-Pa.), the only psychologist serving in Congress, said the fact Republicans are still talking is encouraging in and of itself. 
“It is progress because people keep continuing to work together,” he said. Murphy added: "When I can get a couple in conflict back in my office the next week, that’s progress.”
Kyle Cheney contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
NEW YORK — Wall Street is increasingly doubting President Donald Trump’s ability to make America great again anytime soon.
A furious market rally sparked by Trump’s surprise win in November is stalling out as investors grow increasingly worried that the new administration won’t deliver a sweeping tax overhaul — or other jolts to the economy — by its self-imposed August deadline.
Story Continued Below
After racing ahead 15 percent in the four months after the election, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is now down about two percent over the last month, essentially treading water after the collapse of Trump’s efforts to repeal Obamacare. Bond yields and the dollar are sagging, suggesting dwindling hopes for a quick economic boom.
The March employment report out on Friday showed the economy added just 98,000 jobs last month, well below expectations, while the unemployment rate dipped to 4.5 percent, its lowest level since early 2007. 
The numbers suggest that the economy is operating at close to its full potential. And with the Federal Reserve engaged in a campaign of interest rate hikes, the pressure is on Trump and the Republican Congress to kick growth into a higher gear. 
But as fresh rumors circulate almost daily on what Trump’s promised tax plan might feature — including provisions opposed by many Republicans on Capitol Hill — confidence in the president’s ability to fundamentally reshape the American economy is flagging.
“We are seeing a relatively broad-based scaling back of the exuberant optimism we saw in many markets after the election,” said Libby Cantrill, head of public policy at bond giant Pimco. “This is in part a recognition that even though there is one-party control in Washington, real divisions remain within the Republican conference. But even more so, it is the understanding that tackling health care policy and tax reform in one year is ambitious under the best of circumstances.”
The skeptics now include Goldman Sachs, the Wall Street investment bank whose alumni, including Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn, are the driving forces behind the Trump administration’s push for sweeping tax reform.
Mnuchin has repeatedly pledged to get a big tax package to Trump’s desk by the August congressional recess. And he’s celebrated the market rally as evidence of confidence in the president’s ability to improve the economy.
But Goldman recently told clients to tamp down their expectations for tax reform, and stocks sensitive to tax reform, infrastructure spending and deregulation have reversed their post-election gains. “Our economists continue to expect corporate tax cuts late this year but few major reforms to the tax code,” Goldman said a recent research note.
Wall Street concern extends beyond a pause in the stock market rally. After selling off sharply following the election, sending yields higher on expectations for faster growth and higher inflation under Trump, bond prices have been rising with yields falling, indicating less faith in the president’s ability to accelerate economic growth.
The dollar, which also rallied strongly following Trump’s win on hopes for robust growth, has erased some of its post-election gains.
Much of the concern on Wall Street is that any delay in the implementation of a lower corporate tax rate, a repatriation of the $2.5 trillion in cash U.S. companies currently have stashed overseas and a big infrastructure spending package would slow any impact the moves could have on a U.S. economy.
Continued improvement in the labor market, which Trump has been hailing in recent months, could spur the Federal Reserve to continue scaling back its own stimulus. That would leave investors waiting for other steps from Washington to boost the economy.
Trump during the campaign promised to juice the U.S. economy’s growth rate up to four percent or better, from around two percent now, but he won’t be able to do that without getting a major economic package through Congress.
Even if the White House defies expectations and secures a big stimulus by August, the impact likely wouldn’t be felt until 2018. Any delays could push the impact even later, perhaps beyond next year’s midterm elections, potentially complicating matters for Republicans already dealing with an unpopular president and fallout from the health care fight.
The widely held view on Wall Street now is that the rally can no longer be sustained by hope for Trump promises. His policies need to quickly make their way toward law.
“Having rallied strongly in response to pro-growth policy announcements, markets naturally started looking for validation via detailed policy design and implementation,” said Mohamed El-Erian, chief economic adviser at Allianz. “Both were impacted by the setback on health care which the administration sequenced ahead of tax reform and infrastructure — first by delaying the rollout of the specifics of the pro-growth policies, and second, by raising questions on their smooth sailing notwithstanding Republican majorities in both houses of Congress.”
Instead of headlines about progress, Wall Street is now confronted by trial balloons about what the tax package could include.
A sharp divide has already emerged in Congress over including a border-adjustable tax that could raise more than $1 trillion over 10 years to cover a reduction in the corporate rate of 35 percent. Trump wants to push the rate as low as 15 percent.
House Speaker Paul Ryan and House Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady support the border-tax measure — as do many big American exporters who could see big rate reductions. But many Republican senators along with retailers, oil refiners and other industries that could see their tax bills climb in the short run strongly oppose it.
But dropping the BAT could leave the White House and Congress struggling to find other ways to limit a big tax cut’s impact on the deficit. A recent Washington Post report suggested the White House could back a carbon tax or a value-added tax to create fresh revenue. The administration quickly shot down that report. And Brady went on CNBC and told investors both were non-starters on Capitol Hill.
“Both the House and Senate in recent years have weighed in pretty heavily with resistance against those ideas,” he said, adding that some form of border adjustment, meant to tax imports but not exports, would remain part of an eventual GOP tax plan.
Defenders of the White House say quick passage of tax reform remains possible if the administration does not try to include changes to the individual tax code and avoids controversial changes like the border, carbon and value-added taxes.
“He's already got a good business tax plan that I and others helped write,” said Larry Kudlow, a Republican policy veteran who advised Trump during the campaign. “Make it simple and pass what you’ve got. And then you can pencil in 3 percent real economic growth and reduce the deficit by $3 trillion.”
“You can’t avoid the worries on Wall Street, but with health care going away you’ve now got four good months” to address business taxes by the August recess, Kudlow said. “It’s still doable.”



ARTICLE
After announcing that he’d ordered U.S. missile strikes on a Syrian airfield in response to a chemical weapons attack on civilians, President Donald Trump closed his remarks with a refrain that has been common among presidents since Ronald Reagan: “God bless America.”
But he didn’t stop there. Instead, he went on, adding, “and the entire world.”
Story Continued Below
Richard Nixon appears to have been the first president to use the phrase “God bless America” in a speech, though it later became a common closing line for Ronald Reagan and his successors. 
George H.W. Bush, Bill Clinton, George W. Bush and Barack Obama all closed each of their state of the union addresses with some variation on the line. None extended those blessings to the world.
The call for blessings on all humanity was a surprising move from Trump, who rode a nationalist wave and an “America first” message to the White House. But Trump’s remarks Thursday night, delivered at his Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida, were infused with an internationalist message and an appeal to shared human experience. 
He seemed for the first time to seize the responsibility all modern American presidents have taken on, as leader not just of the republic, but of the free world.
Trump’s remarks, delivered from a teleprompter, came in subdued tones as top aides—including strategist Steve Bannon, chief of staff Reince Priebus, and daughter Ivanka Trump—looked on. 
“Tonight I call on all civilized nations to join us in seeking to end the slaughter and bloodshed in Syria and also to end terrorism of all kinds and all types,” Trump said. “We ask for God's wisdom as we face the challenge of our very troubled world. We pray for the lives of the wounded and for the souls of those who have passed, and we hope that as long as America stands for justice, then peace and harmony will in the end prevail.”  



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump’s missile attacks against the Syrian government on Thursday night split Congress into several camps, winning bipartisan backing from some senior lawmakers while also sparking a coalition of those on the left and right who raised constitutional concerns.
Congressional leaders in both parties largely signaled their support. House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) called Trump’s strikes “appropriate and just" and said he looks "forward to the administration further engaging Congress in this effort."
Story Continued Below
Top Democrats, like House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) and Senate Democratic Whip Dick Durbin (D-Ill.) also offered their support, but both made clear they believed any escalation would require the approval of Congress.
“Tonight’s strike in Syria appears to be a proportional response to the regime’s use of chemical weapons," Pelosi said, but added, “The crisis in Syria will not be resolved by one night of airstrikes." Durbin said “any further action will require close scrutiny by Congress, and any escalation beyond airstrikes or missile strikes will require engaging the American people in that decision."
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said, “Making sure Assad knows that when he commits such despicable atrocities he will pay a price is the right thing to do.” The New York Democrat added, though, that “it is incumbent on the Trump administration to come up with a strategy and consult with Congress before implementing it.”
Meanwhile, libertarian-minded Republicans like Sens. Mike Lee of Utah and Rand Paul of Kentucky blasted Trump's decision to launch strikes without first getting approval by Congress. 
“The President needs congressional authorization for military action as required by the Constitution,” Paul said in a Tweet.
They were joined by liberal Democrats, including Sen. Brian Schatz of Hawaii and Rep. Ted Lieu of California, who also argued the use of force requires congressional approval under the Constitution.
Rep. Barbara Lee (D-Calif.), who was the lone member of Congress to vote against the 2001 war authorization against Al Qaeda, called the strikes an “act of war” and said Congress needs to come back into session and debate the matter. Sen. Tim Kaine (D-Va.) called Trump's failure to seek congressional authorization "unlawful."
On the other side were Republican defense hawks, who offered full-throated praise for Trump’s decision — including Sens. John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, two of Trump’s fiercest GOP critics on other issues.
“Unlike the previous administration, President Trump confronted a pivotal moment in Syria and took action,” McCain and Graham said in a joint statement. “For that, he deserves the support of the American people.”
Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida, another GOP defense hawk who has sometimes been critical of Trump, also issued a statement of support.
“By acting decisively against the very facility from which Assad launched his murderous chemical weapons attack, President Trump has made it clear to Assad and those who empower him that the days of committing war crimes with impunity are over,” Rubio said.
Congress and the White House have long been at odds over the president’s constitutional war powers.
Both the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan were authorized by Congress. But President Barack Obama did not seek congressional authorization for the 2011 military intervention in Libya. 
Obama did seek authorization in 2013 for strikes against the Assad regime in Syria, though he maintained he had the power to order strikes without such an authorization.
Ultimately, Congress never acted on a resolution against the Syrian government amid significant opposition, and Obama did not launch strikes, instead pursuing diplomatic avenues for removing chemical weapons from Syria.
Many Republicans may find themselves in an awkward spot Friday as they justify their support for Trump's missile strike after suggesting similar actions by the Obama administration would be unconstitutional.
Stalwart Trump ally Rep. Marsha Blackburn (R-Tenn.), along with more than 100 colleagues, signed a 2013 letter that sharply warned Obama against a unilateral attack. "Engaging our military in Syria when no direct threat to the United States exists and without prior congressional authorization would violate the separation of powers that is clearly delineated in the Constitution," they wrote.
Other GOP signatories included Rep. Lynn Jenkins of Kansas, who applauded Trump as "decisive," and Rep. Joe Wilson of South Carolina, who commended Trump for his "swift action." A slew of other Republicans who praised Trump — including Don Young of Alaska, Martha Roby of Alabama, Roger Williams of Texas — opposed or leaned heavily against Obama's request to authorize the use of force in Syria while heaping praise on Trump Thursday night.
The Congressional Research Service addressed the issue of war powers in a report last month, noting that “in the post-Cold War world, presidents have continued to commit U.S. armed forces into potential hostilities, sometimes without a specific authorization from Congress.”
“It is generally agreed that the Commander-in-Chief role gives the President power to utilize the armed forces to repel attacks against the United States,” CRS said in its report. “But there has long been controversy over whether he is constitutionally authorized to send forces into hostile situations abroad without a declaration of war or other congressional authorization.” 
The U.S. military has been conducting airstrikes in Syria since 2014, but these have been aimed at the Islamic State. The Obama and Trump administrations have cited as their legal justification for these strikes the authorization for use of military force passed by Congress after the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001.
Thursday’s strike was the first U.S. military action targeting the Bashar Assad regime in Syria, which Trump cast as retaliation for Assad’s most recent chemical attack on his own people.
“Tonight I ordered a targeted military strike on the airfield in Syria from where the chemical attack was launched,” Trump said Thursday. “It is in this vital national security interest of the United States to prevent and deter the spread and use of deadly chemical weapons.”
Elana Schor, Seung Min Kim and Heather Caygle contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
A full transcript of President Donald Trump's statement from Mar-a-Lago on April 6:
My fellow Americans, on Tuesday Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad launched a horrible chemical weapons attack on innocent civilians. 
Story Continued Below
Using a deadly nerve agent, Assad choked out the lives of helpless men, women and children. It was a slow and brutal death for so many. Even beautiful babies were cruelly murdered in this very barbaric attack. No child of God should ever suffer such horror. 
Tonight I ordered a targeted military strike on the airfield in Syria from where the chemical attack was launched. It is in this vital national security interest of the United States to prevent and deter the spread and use of deadly chemical weapons. There can be no dispute that Syria used banned chemical weapons, violated its obligations under the Chemical Weapons Convention and ignored the urging of the U.N. Security Council. 
Years of previous attempts at changing Assad's behavior have all failed and failed very dramatically. As a result the refugee crisis continues to deepen and the region continues to destabilize, threatening the United States and its allies. 
Tonight I call on all civilized nations to join us in seeking to end the slaughter and bloodshed in Syria and also to end terrorism of all kinds and all types. 
We ask for God's wisdom as we face the challenge of our very troubled world. We pray for the lives of the wounded and for the souls of those who have passed, and we hope that as long as America stands for justice, then peace and harmony will in the end prevail. Good night, and God bless America and the entire world. Thank you.



ARTICLE
The United States launched missile strikes against the Syrian regime of Bashar Assad late Thursday, a move President Donald Trump cast as necessary retaliation over a recent deadly chemical weapons attack, but one that also poses political risks for a U.S. leader who took office less than three months ago.
Trump rebuked Assad in remarks announcing the strikes, saying the Syrian strongman had “choked out the lives of helpless men, women and children" during the toxic gas attack that killed dozens earlier this week. Speaking in Florida, Trump made no mention of Iran and Russia, both countries that have backed Assad militarily.
Story Continued Below
"It was a slow and brutal death for so many,” Trump said of the chemical attack, which authorities suspect involved sarin. “Even beautiful babies were cruelly murdered in this very barbaric attack. No child of God should ever suffer such horror."
In ordering the missile strikes, Trump has now taken direct and overt military action against a foreign government after long denouncing the idea of intervention in Syria and promising he would not entangle America in more wars in the Middle East. 
Even if this is the only military move Trump makes against Assad — he referred to it as a "targeted" strike — the new president has distinguished himself from his predecessor Barack Obama. The former president considered, but ultimately decided against, military action against the Assad regime over chemical weapons attacks. 
On Friday, Assad's office released a statement calling the U.S. strikes "reckless," "shortsighted" and "irresponsible," according to the Associated Press. 
In response, Russia denounced the missile strikes and its Foreign Ministry stated it's suspending a memorandum with U.S. where the two countries share information about sorties over Syria. The Russian military also stated it will help Syria strengthen its air defenses, according to the AP. 
The United States has in recent years taken military action against the Islamic State in Syria, but this would be the first overt attack on the Syrian regime itself. The Assad government has been battling rebels trying to oust it from power for six years, a conflict that has killed an estimated half-million people.
The strikes, which involved dozens of Tomahawk missiles, came as Trump met with China’s president at the American leader's Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida. China has backed Russia in vetoing efforts at the United Nations to punish Assad, but it was not clear if Syria was among the topics of discussion during the Mar-a-Lago meetings.
The president was briefed Tuesday, the day of the chemical attack, on his military options, according to a senior administration official. At a National Security Council meeting on Wednesday afternoon there was “broad agreement that something had to be done and that the option selected was the right one,” the official added.
A final meeting took place around 4 p.m. Thursday, shortly after the president arrived at Mar-a-Lago. Along with the president, that meeting included National Security Adviser Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.
In making the announcement about the strikes, the president used a teleprompter and stuck to a script. He ignored shouted questions as he left the room. Trump was joined by top aides, including chief strategist Steve Bannon; chief of staff Reince Priebus; his daughter and adviser Ivanka; and Dina Powell, a top National Security Council official.
That Trump decided to take military action against Syria at all is a significant shift considering he has long warned against such moves. When, in 2013, then-President Barack Obama was considering whether to attack the Assad regime after the Syrian strongman crossed Obama’s “red line” and used chemical weapons, Trump, on Twitter, repeatedly demanded that Obama not bomb Syria. 
Just last week, Trump aides suggested that the new Republican administration is fine with leaving Assad in power — breaking with the Obama administration’s stated policy that Assad had to leave his post. Since taking the presidency, Trump has also tried to ban the resettlement of Syrian refugees to the United States, saying they might be terrorists.
When news broke of the chemical weapons attack this week in Syria, Trump at first blamed Obama for being weak in dealing with Assad. But the attack that left dozens dead in the Idlib area of Syria also appeared to deeply trouble Trump, who said it crossed "many lines" for him. He eventually said he recognized the situation in Syria was now his responsibility.
The U.S. strike on Syria, which occurred at about 8:40 p.m. Eastern time, saw 59 Tomahawk missiles launched from two U.S. destroyers in the eastern Mediterranean Sea: the USS Porter and the USS Ross, said Capt. Jeff Davis, a Pentagon spokesman.
The strike lasted a couple of minutes. It targeted aircraft, aircraft shelters, petroleum and logistical storage, air defense systems, ammunition storage and radars on the Shayrat Airfield in Homs, Davis said. 
It occurred at 4:40 a.m. local Syrian time to try to avoid any casualties, Davis said. The goal was to render the airfield unusable and deter Assad regime from future use of chemical weapons. 
The base was used to store chemical weapons prior to 2013 and was the base from which the recent chemical weapons attack was launched, Davis said. Russia was notified ahead of the strike through an already-established military-to-military deconfliction line. Precautions were taken not to hit areas of the base where Russian forces are believed to be located.
The Tomahawk missiles were fired from U.S. Navy warships in the region instead of using strike aircraft, to decrease the risk of being shot down by either Syria’s extensive air defense missiles or Russian military forces.
McMaster, the national security adviser, told reporters that Trump and his aides discussed three options for response at a meeting on Wednesday, and Trump asked the group to focus on two of them. Eventually, after the president's questions were answered, Trump and his aides settled on the approach they took. 
It's hard to predict whether one set of airstrikes will be enough to keep Assad from using chemical weapons again or if it will add urgency to the struggling international peace talks for Syria. Assad may choose to lay low for a while; it’s also possible that, perhaps prodded Russia and Iran, his regime could be more willing to make concessions in peace talks with the rebels.
In a briefing with reporters, Tillerson criticized Russia’s role in enabling Assad. The secretary of state, who visits Moscow in just a few days, pointed out that as part of a 2013 deal that Russia and the Obama administration helped engineer after Obama decided to avoid military strikes, Assad was supposed to have eliminated his chemical weapons stockpile and Russia was supposed to act as a guarantor to ensure that Assad stuck to the agreement.
“Clearly Russia has failed in its responsibility to deliver on that commitment from 2013,” Tillerson said. “Either Russia has been complicit or Russia has been simply incompetent in its ability to deliver on its end of that agreement.”
Should Trump pursue more military action in the coming months in Syria, he runs several risks. Additional military strikes raise the odds that Russians or Iranians fighting alongside Syrians could be hit, escalating tensions with those two U.S. rivals.
The president could also face problems in Congress, where Democrats as well as some Republicans already are already cautioning that he should seek lawmakers’ approval for such moves.
Still, as word spread Thursday night of the missile attacks, members of both parties expressed cautious support, with several suggesting that they hoped Assad would get the hint.
"My hope is that this action will help deter future atrocities by the Assad regime," said Republican Rep. Mac Thornberry of Texas, Chairman of the House Armed Services Committee. 
GOP Rep. Ed Royce, who chairs the House Foreign Affairs Committee, referred to the missile strikes as a “measured response” and added: “Moving ahead, the administration must work with Congress and lay out clear policy goals for Syria and the region.”
There appeared to be a recognition on both sides of the aisle that a limited strike was likely to have limited effect.
“This strike will not hasten an end to the Assad regime, but it may deter its further use of chemical weapons,” said California Rep. Adam Schiff, the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee.
Trump also got words of support from various countries including Israel, which has been warily watching the Syrian crisis unfold on its doorstep. 
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who had a fractious relationship with Obama but has sought to establish strong ties to Trump, said the U.S. president “sent a strong and clear message that the use and spread of chemical weapons will not be tolerated.” Netanyahu added that Israel hopes the message will resonate in Iran, North Korea and beyond.
Saudi Arabia also expressed support for the strike. An official source at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in a statement Thursday “praised this courageous decision by U.S. President Donald Trump to respond to the regime’s crimes against its people in light of the failure of the international community to stop the regime from brutalizing its people.”
Bryan Bender, Josh Dawsey and Cristiano Lima contributed to this report. 



ARTICLE
As a candidate, Donald Trump criticized President Barack Obama for hosting a state dinner to honor China. “Just take them to McDonald’s and go back to the negotiating table,” he said at a rally in South Carolina in July 2015.
But faced with the reality of playing host to a rival superpower, now-President Trump settled for something in between an official East Room black tie gala and a stop for Big Macs on the side of the road. 
Story Continued Below
He welcomed Chinese President Xi Jinping Thursday not to the White House, but to his Mar-a-Lago beach club in Florida. The choice of venue lent him the gilded, salmon-colored backdrop of his private resort to satisfy a world leader who places a high value on ceremony.
But Trump’s choice of venue also didn’t derail him from his regular winter Palm Beach weekend routine. He’s traveled to Mar-a-Lago for the majority of his weekends in office, frequently indulging in his favorite pastime: golf, which was purposefully missing from the schedule during Xi’s 48-hour visit (frowned on by the Chinese Communist Party as a rich man's sport). 
And the menu for the formal dinner — held at two long tables set with white tablecloths, candelabras and red-and-yellow flower arrangements under gold chandeliers — included some of Trump’s known favorites, dry-aged steak and whipped potatoes. 
"We had a long discussion already and so far I have gotten nothing, absolutely nothing," Trump joked in front of reporters during the meal. But he said the two leaders had "developed a friendship."
Former State Department officials questioned the location for the state visit — where the optics are almost as important as the substance — speculating that the Chinese would be offended that Trump was hosting them at the same place he already spent the weekend with Japanese prime minister Shinzo Abe, including a round of golf.
While the Florida setting did bear some resemblance to Xi’s first visit with Obama, who hosted him in 2013 at Sunnylands, a 200-acre estate in Southern California, the officials worried Trump’s choice of his own club could come across as a self-promotional gesture at Chinese expense.
"While there are definitely instances where dispensing with diplomatic formalities and cutting to the chase will be well received, a leader-to-leader meeting with the president of China isn't one of them,” said Philippe Reines, a former top State Department official under former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, who was intimately involved with organizing many meetings between U.S. and Chinese officials.
A White House spokesman said the Chinese requested Mar-a-Lago as the venue for the meeting. 
Trump, accompanied by first lady Melania Trump, hosted Xi and his wife inside a formal living room on the Mar-a-Lago campus for a pre-dinner photo-op. The first lady appeared to be enjoying a glass of red wine, while the Chinese first lady, Peng Liyuan, sipped tea. A Chinese and an American flag display were set up behind them.
Sen. John McCain said in an interview with POLITICO: “I do know in the past an ideal setting for real serious negotiations has been Camp David,” a woodsy presidential retreat in Maryland that the sun-chasing Trump has yet to set foot in.
The two leaders were expected to discuss North Korea, which on Tuesday fired off another ballistic missile test, as well as differences on trade.
During the campaign, Trump often slammed China for stealing blue-collar American manufacturing jobs.
Trump’s first face-to-face encounter with his superpower rival was also a choreographed dance where both men were eager to look like the bigger statesman. “Given the grave and growing threat of North Korea, it may the president's most important day yet,” said David Axelrod, a former senior Obama adviser. “Without the cooperation of the Chinese, it will be very difficult to stop North Korea's march to a nuclear weapon that can reach our coast.”
As the two leaders kicked off their visit, political observers said they expected a 180-degree change in tone from the longtime critic of China. “President Trump has been far less bellicose about China than was candidate Trump,” Axelrod said.
On the campaign trail last year, China was one of Trump’s favorite targets.
“China’s upset because of the way Donald Trump is talking about trade with China,” he said, referring to himself in the third person during a campaign rally on Staten Island last year. “They’re ripping us off, folks, it’s time. I’m so happy they’re upset.”
But ahead of Thursday's meeting, that aggressive Trump was already softening into a man who went out of his way to find more common ground.
He has scrapped his campaign talk of imposing tariffs on Chinese imports. In an interview last week with the Financial Times, Trump said he wanted to find a deal.
“I have great respect for him,” Trump said of Xi in the interview. “I have great respect for China. I would not be at all surprised if we did something that would be very dramatic and good for both countries — and I hope so.”



ARTICLE
Andrew Quinn, a White House trade adviser who has come under fire from conservatives for his role in negotiating the Trans-Pacific Partnership, is being reassigned to the United States Trade Representative's office, three administration officials told POLITICO.
The decision comes after Breitbart News and conservatives raised concerns about the White House's decision to elevate Quinn, noting that he was the deputy chief negotiator of the TPP when he worked at USTR during the Obama administration. Trump is a strident opponent of the TPP and withdrew from the deal in January. 
Story Continued Below
“Generally, the new White House has been wary of staffing itself with people who oppose the ideology that got Donald Trump elected,” Breitbart wrote last month in an article whose headline called Quinn the "enemy within." It added, “There is no public record of Andrew Quinn changing his ardent public support for the multilateral, globalist Trans-Pacific Partnership.”
The White House announced in February that Quinn would serve as special assistant to the president for international trade, investment and development on the National Economic Council. Quinn is a career government employee who was on a detail at NEC.
Quinn joined USTR in 2012 as deputy assistant U.S. trade representative for Southeast Asia and the Pacific. Before that, he was the director for Asian economic affairs on the National Security Council.
Quinn did not respond to a request for comment. The White House said it does not comment on personnel matters. USTR could not immediately confirm that Quinn was returning to the agency. 
Doug Palmer contributed to this report. 



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump, embroiled in his first major foreign policy crisis, hinted Thursday that he was pondering ways to hold Syrian President Bashar Assad accountable for a deadly chemical weapons attack, saying “something should happen.”
But he wouldn’t say whether that “something” should include U.S. military action against the Syrian strongman, even as he came under competing pressure from both left and right to act.
Story Continued Below
Sens. John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, both Republicans, called for Trump to quickly take military action, insisting in a joint statement that Assad “must pay a punitive cost for this horrific attack.”
Democratic lawmakers, however, urged caution, demanding that Trump ask Congress for permission before making any military moves. And former U.S. officials warned that limited military action may not deter Assad for long — and could lead to an ugly, escalating imbroglio if any Russians or Iranians backing him are killed. 
For Trump, the Syria dilemma is compounded by the fact that he repeatedly pledged in the past not to over-extend the United States overseas, even as he promised to make the U.S. stronger and more feared than it is now.
“I think what happened in Syria is a disgrace to humanity," Trump told reporters Thursday. He said of Assad, "I guess he’s running things, so I guess something should happen."
The competing messages directed at Trump echoed what Barack Obama faced in 2013, when he considered launching airstrikes against the Syrian regime after Assad crossed the then-U.S. president's "red line" by using chemical weapons. The many voices also underscored the enduring complexity of the six-year-old conflict in Syria, where Assad, backed by Moscow and Tehran, has used brutal force to wear down rebels trying to oust him and where the Islamic State terrorist group also controls territory.
On Wednesday, Trump, in a remarkable shift from his past willingness to leave Assad alone, declared that the Syrian had crossed "many lines" in this week's poison gas attack in Idlib province. CNN reported Thursday that Trump has told some lawmakers he is weighing military action. White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Trump had talked to Middle East allies about the possibility of establishing "safe zones" to protect Syrians, a fuzzy concept that might involve U.S. troops. But it was not clear if Trump was weighing airstrikes, deploying ground troops, covert actions or a combination of steps to punish Assad.
That Trump has reached this point has puzzled and rattled many close watchers of the Syrian situation. Just last week, top Trump aides, including Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley, had indicated that the Trump administration did not considering removing Assad a priority, breaking with the Obama administration’s stated approach. In 2013, when Obama pondered airstrikes after far deadlier chemical attacks, Trump repeatedly urged him not to bomb Syria. Trump also has insisted the U.S. should not admit Syrian refugees fleeing Assad, saying they might be terrorists.
Now, former officials and other observers wonder if Trump will follow through with his new resolve to hold Assad accountable — and how quickly he'll lose interest.
“It’s not clear Trump has thought through the consequences or is prepared to accept them,” said Philip Gordon, a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign relations who advised Obama on Middle East policy. “The risks of military action are even greater now than they were then, since airstrikes to punish Assad would likely kill Russians deployed on Syrian military bases. And if Russia and Syria respond to U.S. strikes by escalating against the opposition or more civilians, is Trump prepared to escalate in turn, or will he then back down?” 
NBC News, citing two unnamed U.S. military officials, reported Thursday that Syrian fixed-wing aircraft dropped the chemical weapons on civilians in Idlib earlier this week; sarin gas is suspected to have been used. Tillerson said Thursday U.S. officials believe Syria orchestrated the attack, despite denials by that government, which insisted that an airstrike had hit a warehouse where rebels stored the deadly agents.
McCain and Graham called for the United States to lead an international coalition to debilitate the Syrian Air Force so that it cannot participate in more bombings. The United States has engaged in military action against the Islamic State in Syria in a broader effort to destroy the terrorist group, but it has not yet directly, at least overtly, struck the Assad regime.
In a separate conversation with reporters, Graham said Trump should not bother to seek authorization from Congress, as Obama briefly did in 2013. Lawmakers never gave authorization to Obama, and the former president decided not to take military action, instead striking a deal with Assad to remove much, though apparently not all, of his chemical weapons stockpile.
“The last thing I want to do is to screw it up like we did last time,” Graham said. “My advice to the president is: ‘Just do it.’”
Several Democrats took exception to that.
"If there's any contemplation about military action against Syria, the president would need to do what President Obama did and come to Congress with it," said Sen. Tim Kaine of Virginia.
In 2013, Trump would have agreed with Kaine. "The President must get Congressional approval before attacking Syria-big mistake if he does not!" the now-president tweeted in August of that year.
Some Democrats warned against military action. Sen. Ben Cardin of Maryland, the top Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said Trump could move to indict Assad as a war criminal and use international institutions to remove him.
Sen. Chris Murphy (D-Conn.) said U.S. military intervention would make little difference at this stage in the war, when, thanks to Russia and Iran, Assad is stronger than in years past.
"Dropping bombs inside a crowded battle-space may make us feel big and tough, but it's actually no answer to what's happening inside Syria," Murphy said. "Remember, in 2013 there was still some doubt as to whether Assad was going to win the battle. There's little doubt now that Assad is ultimately going to control at the very least the majority of the territory inside that country."
As usual, Russia has tried to shield Assad from international outrage. According to media reports, President Vladimir Putin told Israel's prime minister in a phone call Thursday that "it was unacceptable to make groundless accusations against anyone without conducting a detailed and unbiased investigation.”
But Russia has never been comfortable with Assad's use of chemical weapons, and it helped negotiate the 2013 deal to remove Assad's stockpile of sarin and other agents. In what may be seen as a veiled warning to Assad to tone things down, a spokesman for the Kremlin told The Associated Press on Thursday that Russia's support for Assad was not unconditional.
Still, Trump’s decision on how to deal with Assad could have profound implications for the U.S. relationship with Russia. Trump already has been criticized for seeming to cozy up to Putin, even though U.S. intelligence officials suspect Moscow interfered in the 2016 presidential election. The alleged interference is now the subject of an FBI investigation.
In just a few days, Tillerson, the secretary of state, will travel to Moscow and meet with top Russian leaders, and Syria is sure to be a major point of discussion. Some analysts said that if the U.S. wants leverage at the meetings, Trump may need to move fast, perhaps launching a limited series of airstrikes against targets in Syria. The strikes could, for example, hit missile launchers, airbase runways or other “capabilities” the Syrian government uses to stage assaults on rebels.
If he doesn't, Trump may seem like he's simply extending Obama's policies toward Syria, said Elliott Abrams, a conservative foreign policy expert who served in the George W. Bush administration. 
“Obama did nothing at all year after year to save the lives of Syrians. Now Trump has to match his rhetoric with something concrete," Abrams said.
David Wade, who served as chief of staff to former Secretary of State John Kerry, said a series of sustained, surgical strikes on Assad regime targets could inject urgency into the struggling international effort to bring about a political solution to the Syrian crisis through peace talks.
"Russia and Iran have stubbornly stuck with Assad, but Assad is a burden in their balance sheets, and they might be willing to engage in a diplomatic process that creates safe zones or humanitarian corridors or maybe over time builds towards some kind of managed transition," Wade said. "They don't think he's a genius, and at times they've felt Assad left them exposed." Connor O’Brien, Josh Dawsey, Gregory Hellman, Elana Schor and Heather Caygle contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
A Wednesday evening meeting between top aides to President Donald Trump and House Republican leaders turned heated when the White House officials exhorted Speaker Paul Ryan to show immediate progress on the GOP's stalled plan to repeal and replace Obamacare.
The meeting was tense. At one point, according to three sources briefed on the meeting, White House chief of staff Reince Priebus suggested it could be detrimental to Ryan’s speakership if Republicans fail to pass a bill. Others disputed that characterization, saying the comments were not aimed specifically at Ryan but more broadly, as in: All Republican lawmakers' jobs are in jeopardy if they don't deliver.
Story Continued Below
"It was really bad," said one person familiar with the meeting. "They were in total meltdown, total chaos mode."
Multiple White House and Hill sources familiar with the meeting said Vice President Mike Pence and Priebus leaned on Ryan to accept a series of changes they floated to conservatives, but which House leaders and moderate Republicans have rejected. Aides sparred over the inability to advance a new bill, saying it should have been done weeks ago.
Trump officials present — who also included Trump’s chief strategist, Steve Bannon; Jared Kushner; legislative liaison Marc Short; and Pence’s chief of staff, Josh Pitcock — urged Ryan to hold a vote on the bill this week before the House leaves for a two-week recess. GOP leaders responded that a bill was not ready.
The two sides settled on agreeing to hold an emergency Rules Committee hearing Thursday before members leave Washington.
Hill GOP insiders say the White House, desperate to show progress on one of Trump’s signature campaign promises, has lashed out at House GOP leaders in recent days. White House staff members are worried their jobs will be in jeopardy if a health care bill is not approved, sources say.
White House aides vocalized those fears during the meeting, indicating that they were under pressure — including at risk of losing their jobs — because of the issue, according to two sources. 
That’s why the White House is cranking up pressure on Ryan, who spoke separately with Trump after the meeting. 
“The president and the speaker had a very good, long conversation last night, and they remain fully on the same page on the path ahead,” said AshLee Strong, a spokeswoman for Ryan.
White House officials and top GOP leaders also disagreed over whether concessions that Pence floated to conservatives would actually improve the chances of passage and should be considered. Pence, Priebus and budget director Mick Mulvaney on Monday told the House Freedom Caucus they could potentially offer states waivers from major Obamacare regulations.
The group of three dozen hard-liners, who’ve dubbed the Republican effort “Obamacare lite,” banded together to block the votes for the earlier bill, forcing Ryan to pull it from the floor two weeks ago.
But the White House, led by Pence, sought to woo the far right this week in a last-ditch effort before the recess. Pence and Priebus floated a new provision allowing states to opt out of Obamacare regulations that bar insurance companies from charging sick people more than healthy people. 
The next day, however, leadership and moderates pushed back on the White House’s pitch. They say those regulations make up the foundation of protections for people with pre-existing conditions. And they argue that Trump and GOP leaders ran on a platform of keeping those popular safeguards for the nation’s sickest. 
John Bresnahan and Jake Sherman contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
A civil war between Donald Trump loyalists and establishment-minded Republicans is escalating throughout the federal government — and increasingly the president’s allies are losing.
From the State Department to the Environmental Protection Agency, a sharp dividing line has formed: Cabinet secretaries and their handpicked teams of GOP veterans are rushing to take power as Trump campaign staffers — "originals,” as they call themselves — gripe that they’re being pushed aside. 
Story Continued Below
In over a dozen interviews, the originals, many of whom volunteered to work for candidate Trump when few others were willing to do so, complained that they'd been shut out of meetings and targeted with career-destroying leaks. In recent weeks, a number of longtime Trump supporters have abruptly quit, saying they felt the administration had been overtaken by the same establishment they worked to defeat.
The backbiting is further paralyzing federal agencies, which have been hamstrung by slow hiring, disorganization and an overall lack of direction since Trump’s inauguration. Many of the Trump stalwarts were installed at the agencies during the transition to help them prepare for the presidency, part of so-called beachhead teams.
"You're always watching your back,” said Sid Bowdidge, a Trump campaign staffer who quit his Energy Department job after news reports that he made anti-Muslim slurs on social media, stories that he blamed on leaks by rival co-workers. “It doesn't bode well for a cohesive team to be successful toward a common goal. How can you when people are looking over their shoulder to see if they have a knife in their back?"
“As we get further away from Inauguration Day, it is very obvious that no one cares what happens to the people who worked for the campaign or who have loyalty to the president. The swamp is winning the battle,” said one former Trump campaign aide. “And longtime campaign staffers are proving to be the first casualties." 
Others say the Trump acolytes have unrealistic expectations and are simply experiencing the hard realities of Washington. Some Cabinet secretaries have complained privately about having employees foisted upon them with little, if any, relevant policy expertise. The agency heads say they should have discretion over key hires in their departments.
Either way, the strife is real.
One collision is taking place at the State Department, where loyalists at the department have been deeply troubled by the actions of career bureaucrats who were installed during Barack Obama’s tenure and of Republicans perceived as cool to Trump. In recent days, Trump veterans have been abuzz over the exit of Julia Haller, who worked as a Northern Virginia field staffer for the campaign and then went on to become a senior adviser at the department. 
Two people with direct knowledge of the situation said her departure followed a clash between Haller and senior-level people at Foggy Bottom. (Haller wouldn’t detail any disputes she had and a State Department spokesperson declined to discuss the reasons for her exit.)
Tensions are also rising at the Department of Agriculture, where some Trump backers said they were shocked to learn recently they were being reassigned to other parts of the government. The decision affects 13 people on the department's beachhead team, who began working at the agency on Jan. 20 as Trump’s presidency got underway. The group was assigned to oversee the department as its new leadership took shape.
While the staffers, like those on beachhead teams at other agencies, were never guaranteed employment past the first 90 or 120 days of the administration, many assumed they would be hired on full time. 
At the White House, a frustrated senior aide said the administration was not informed of the Agriculture Department reassignments ahead of time. Among those affected is James Epley, who helped to oversee the campaign in South Carolina, where Trump notched a pivotal primary win. (Epley, who moved to Washington a few weeks ago, said he didn’t yet know where he’d be placed but was not bothered. He was not part of the beachhead team.)
Nowhere, however, is the infighting more intense than at EPA. Over the past month, two Trump appointees, David Schnare and David Kreutzer, departed after colliding with top aides to Administrator Scott Pruitt, according to three people familiar with the matter. Both had complained about being marginalized. (Schnare said he left because of disloyalty to Trump among some officials. Kreutzer, who is expected to take a job at The Heritage Foundation, disputed that his exit had anything to do with discord at the agency.)
Trump loyalists at EPA have griped about being kept out of important planning meetings. Several people also said Don Benton, the agency's White House-assigned senior adviser who oversaw Trump’s campaign in Washington state, had been iced out. (Benton wrote in an email that there is "zero tension" between him and Pruitt).
The turf battles aren't only about allegiance to Trump; there's also an ideological component. Climate skeptics who worked on EPA's transition team are deeply suspicious of Pruitt, despite the administrator's conservative bona fides. Some privately complain he’s moving too slowly to implement Trump’s campaign promises, and that Pruitt might be trying to position himself for an eventual Senate run.
The tumult is fueling speculation that more Trump allies will soon leave.
“I think it’s very safe to say members of the team are looking for other places to go,” said one EPA staffer.
One EPA employee dismissed the idea that infighting has overtaken the agency. This person said Schnare and others who’ve criticized Pruitt’s tenure are pushing their own agenda without regard to the complicated and slow-moving rule-making process. 
At the Department of Education, meanwhile, staffers are chattering about last week’s resignation of Jerry Ward, who previously ran Trump’s Alaska campaign. Trump supporters have grumbled about Secretary Betsy DeVos’ decision to hire employees who are aligned with former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, a fierce Trump critic. Ward declined to comment.
Bowdidge, who worked for Trump's campaign in New Hampshire, said Energy Department staffers have taken extraordinary steps to protect themselves since his departure, scrubbing their social media profiles and keeping a close eye on who was listening to their conversations.
"There's a significant amount of mistrust, especially after what was done to me,” Bowdidge said. “There are certain people who won't talk to other people, and why would they?"
He pointed out that other Trump campaign staffers had been the subject of unflattering leaks. Among them: Danny Tiso, a Labor Department appointee, whose academic history has come under scrutiny, and Jonathan Dimock, a NASA staffer whose work background has been put under the microscope. 
As the war stories pile up, some originals are beginning to wonder why they followed Trump to Washington at all. Some have become so insecure about their standing that they are regularly calling the White House Office of Presidential Personnel, which oversees administration hiring, to ask about their employment status.
"There are people who moved here and signed a year lease,” said one longtime campaign staffer. “They got nothing for their loyalty to Trump."
"We're pissed off. We're angry," this person said. "There are people who can't even look us in the eye because they know they’re [screwing] us."
For originals, though, it's been a long and frustrating road. Many of them imagined themselves in West Wing jobs after Trump's improbable victory. But, in a conference call with senior Trump aide Rick Dearborn just before Christmas, they were told that White House jobs would be hard to come by. Instead, they were wanted for beachhead teams.
After the call, campaign staffers said they were getting short shrift. They wondered why some people who’d been less than supportive of Trump were getting plum West Wing positions.
Now, as they fight for survival at Cabinet agencies, some are wondering if their days working for the president are numbered.
“A lot of us have lost hope and are looking for another gig,” said one Trump campaign staffer now working at a federal agency. “And that’s the sad part, we’re being pushed aside for people who don’t give a shit about Donald Trump.”



ARTICLE
After Donald Trump wrapped up his first speech to Congress and worked his way through the crowd, he lingered on his handshake with Anthony Kennedy, the 80-year-old Supreme Court justice. 
The boom mics picked up their seemingly private conversation.
Story Continued Below
“Say hello to your boy,” Trump said, “Special guy.” “Your kids have been very nice to him,” Kennedy replied. “Well,” Trump said, “they love him, and they love him in New York.”
While the White House is focused this week on shepherding Trump’s first Supreme Court nominee, Neil Gorsuch, through the Senate confirmation process, the president and his team are obsessed with the next possible vacancy.
The likeliest candidate is Kennedy, who has sat at the decisive fulcrum of the most important Supreme Court cases for more than a decade. Replacing him with a reliable conservative would tip the court to the right, even if no other seat comes open under Trump — whose team has taken to exploring every imaginable line of communication to keep tabs on the justice and to make him comfortable as he ponders a potential retirement.
One back channel is the fact that Kennedy’s son, Justin, knows Donald Trump Jr. through New York real estate circles. Another is through Kennedy’s other son, Gregory, and Trump’s Silicon Valley adviser Peter Thiel. They went to Stanford Law School together and served as president of the Federalist Society in back-to-back years, according to school records. More recently, Kennedy’s firm, Disruptive Technology Advisers, has worked with Thiel’s company Palantir Technologies.
In fact, during the early months of the Trump administration, Gregory Kennedy has worked at NASA as a senior financial adviser as part of the so-called “beachhead” team. Both Kennedy boys were spotted at the White House last month for the administration’s St. Patrick’s Day celebration (Justice Kennedy is Irish Catholic). In February, Ivanka Trump attended oral arguments of the Supreme Court with her daughter. She was a guest of Justice Kennedy.
The White House has also closely monitored retirement chatter by tapping into the network of former Kennedy clerks, a group that includes Gorsuch himself. Some in the legal world viewed Gorsuch’s selection — he would be the first Supreme Court clerk to serve alongside a former boss — as an olive branch to Kennedy that, should he retire next, his seat would be in reliable presidential hands.
Those close to Trump’s judicial-selection process stress that they’re not pressuring Kennedy to hang up his robe, only seeking to put him at ease.
But as they wait for a decision they cannot control, White House officials have already set in motion plans to fill the more than 100 lower court vacancies, including more than 10 percent of the crucial seats on various U.S. Courts of Appeals, in a bid to tug America’s courts in a more conservative direction for decades to come.
The Trump playbook for those lower court picks is hidden in plain sight.
Trump took the unusual step on the campaign of producing a public list of 21 possible candidates for the Supreme Court. That pool of judicial talent — in particular, younger judges serving on state supreme courts — are now the front-runners to fill top federal court vacancies, according to three people involved in Trump’s judge-selection process.
“Funny how that happened,” said a person involved in Trump’s judicial selection process. “If they’re on a list of prospects for the Supreme Court, they’re sure as hell eligible for the Court of Appeals.”
Beyond Gorsuch, Trump has so far made one other court selection, and it fits the mold of promoting young judges from his campaign list. Trump nominated U.S. District Judge Amul Thapar, one of the four finalists he personally interviewed for the Supreme Court seat, for a vacancy on the 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. Thapar is only 47.
“There’s a method to the list,” said a senior White House official.
Although Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell invoked the “nuclear option” Thursday to eliminate the filibuster in order to confirm Gorsuch to the Supreme Court, Trump advisers are still wary of the coming fight over Kennedy’s seat. Gorsuch is replacing the late Justice Antonin Scalia, a mainstay of the conservative bloc. Kennedy’s retirement would dramatically shift the political center of gravity on the court.
Putting state-level judges on federal courts can make eventual elevation to the Supreme Court smoother, one of the Trump advisers noted. For highly regarded state supreme court justices, it puts them through the ringer of Senate confirmation once, including a thorough review of all the paperwork that could trip them up as a potential high court nominee.
“It’s smart to push them through a Senate confirmation once,” the adviser said.
More such court picks are already in the pipeline. “Some of those are in FBI background checks,” a second top-ranked White House aide said on Friday, a final step before being nominated.
While appellate court appointments receive only a fraction of the attention given to Supreme Court nominees, they are the final arbiter for the vast majority of federal cases.
“The Supreme Court only hears about 80 cases a year,” said Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn, himself a former state Supreme Court justice in Texas. “So where all the action is — is at the trial court and circuit court level. So it’s very important, and we’re working hard with the administration to vet nominees for those courts right now.”
Among those who could be in line for promotions are David Stras of the Minnesota Supreme Court, who could be headed to the 8th Circuit, Don Willett of the Texas Supreme Court, who could fill one of the open seats on the 5th Circuit and Allison Eid of the Colorado Supreme Court, who is a top contender to take Gorsuch’s seat on the 10th Circuit, should he be confirmed.
Two other judges particularly well-regarded by Trump’s advisers are Joan Larsen of the Michigan Supreme Court and Thomas Lee of the Utah Supreme Court, the brother of Sen. Mike Lee. There are no vacancies at the federal appellate courts in their states. But Trump advisers are tracking closely two Republican-appointed judges on the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals who could declare senior status this year, and thus open up slots on what is widely seen as the second most powerful court in the country.
While picks are not yet final, a third person close to the selection process said of the campaign’s list, “These are people partially vetted by the Trump campaign, so there’s a certain degree of comfort. And if there’s vacancies in those seats, those would be the natural folks.”
Officials involved in the court selections say that age is a huge factor for the lifetime appointments; the five judges above are all under 55. Gorsuch is only 49.
“He has a chance to put younger people that are going to be on there for 20 or 30 years,” said Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida.
Two people involved in the search process said Trump’s team is especially interested in state-level legal talent, particularly solicitors general.
One young potential judge is Scott Keller, the solicitor general of Texas and a former adviser to Sen. Ted Cruz. He graduated from college in 2004 and clerked for Justice Kennedy in the term that ended in 2010. Another Texas former solicitor general in the running for an appointment is James Ho, an Asian-American Gibson-Dunn attorney who clerked for Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas and served as chief counsel to Cornyn.
Democrats in the Senate seem intent on slowing Trump’s influence on the courts, including filibustering Gorsuch. President Barack Obama, they note, had only 22 confirmed judges in the last two years of his term, including only two circuit-court judges. When Obama left office, he had more than 50 judges still pending in the Senate.
While Democrats do not have the votes to block Trump nominees, they can withhold so-called “blue slips,” the century-old tradition of home-state senators approving judges representing their states. One Trump official said it’s possible that the White House could use holdover Obama appointees as bargaining chips for more speedily confirming Trump picks.
Republican and Democratic lawmakers alike are readying for the biggest fight if and when Kennedy retires.
Trump officials say the president does not feel constrained to pick a second Supreme Court justice from his campaign list, despite a September press release in which Trump said, “This list is definitive and I will choose only from it in picking future Justices of the United States Supreme Court.”
One new name percolating at the highest levels of the Trump administration is Brett Kavanaugh, a 52-year-old who has already served a decade on the D.C. Court of Appeals.
That may not be an accident. He, too, is a former clerk of Justice Kennedy.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump may be brimming with confidence going into his Mar-a-Lago summit with Chinese leader Xi Jinping, but some China watchers say he could easily be outmatched by a superbly well-prepped Beijing diplomatic team aiming to exploit gaping holes in the White House’s fledgling China policy group. 
Trump will be relying heavily on son-in-law and real-estate magnate Jared Kushner with some assistance from old China hand Henry Kissinger and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, an oil executive who is mostly unfamiliar with the customs and political protocols of a Chinese delegation that places a premium on them. But Trump hasn’t filled many key positions that could bolster him in the negotiations, including assistant secretaries of State and Defense for East Asia, according to former U.S. officials and other experts familiar with China policy. 
Story Continued Below
“Those are very key players, and without people in those positions, it is hard to imagine that the administration in this short period of time has been able to come with a comprehensive China policy,” said Dennis Wilder, who served from 2015 to 2016 as the CIA’s deputy assistant director for East Asia and the Pacific. 
A Trump administration spokesperson had no comment on whether the White House’s China team is up to the task, or hindered by unfilled positions or lack of experience.
Other key positions remain unfilled, including a China-related slot at the U.S. Trade Representative’s office. And one of the most important slots -- Trump’s senior director for Asia on the National Security Council – is occupied by Matthew Pottinger, a former Beijing-based journalist turned Marine who served in Iraq and Afghanistan and was brought in by Trump’s first national security adviser, Michael Flynn.
“While I'm sure he will learn quickly, he has no experience in negotiating with the Chinese at this stratospheric level," said Wilder, who was also special assistant to the president and senior director for East Asian Affairs at the National Security Council in the Bush and Obama administrations. 
In contrast, Xi will come to the summit with a team of players with decades of experience in negotiating with at least three successive American presidents, and a huge playbook brimming with research and intelligence on U.S. positions on trade, security and other key issues, according to Wilder and others. 
Xi will have his secret weapon, Wang Huning, a senior adviser to three Chinese presidents and a specialist on U.S. politics who has accompanied the Chinese president on dozens of overseas trips to meet with world leaders.
Security experts say that Trump to some degree should be able to wing it, by focusing on trade and North Korea, and committing to a series of follow-up meetings where the real policy experts meet to discuss the nitty gritty details. He will also have Secretary of Defense James Mattis, Reince Priebus and some other aides at his side at his Palm Beach resort, according to a background briefing provided by the White House in advance of the summit. But none of them are considered China experts, either. One who is an expert on China is a holdover from the Obama administration, NSC Director for China Leah Bray.
By all accounts, Trump and Xi aren’t expected to reach any significant agreement on key issues like trade and North Korea’s increasing belligerence and test firing of intercontinental missiles. The two-day summit is being pitched as a first step in building – some say repairing – the relationship between the two leaders, and overcoming a sense of mutual distrust that Trump reinforced by sharply criticizing China throughout the campaign. 
 Xi, who pushed hard for the meeting, isn’t traveling to Florida to make progress on those issues, or even to make friends with Trump, said Jonathan Adelman, a former China advisor to the State Department and Pentagon. That was also the case when Xi met with President Obama in 2013 at the Sunnylands resort in California, according to Adelman, who was also former honorary professor at People’s University in Beijing.
Instead, Adelman said, Xi’s goal is to show the billions of Chinese back home – and other world leaders – that he is recasting the U.S.-China relationship as one of two equal superpowers, with the Trump administration giving tacit approval of his much-touted “Chinese Dream” of national revival and prosperity.
 And without an experienced team behind him, Trump could end up going along with Xi’s plan without even realizing it – and risk deeply offending key U.S. allies in the region like Japan, South Korea and Taiwan. 
“The basic problem is that Donald Trump doesn’t have any experience with the Chinese and his State Department itself doesn’t either,” said Adelman, who said that in addition to the marquee players, “They are missing a whole lot of lesser people.”
Some experts fear that Trump could easily fall into the same trap that Tillerson did on his recent visit to Beijing, in which the former Exxon-Mobil chief uttered some symbolically loaded phrases – and nodded in agreement to others – that are meaningless to anyone but the most veteran China observer. But on the global diplomatic stage, even the slightest of utterances can be hugely significant, said Cleo Paskal, an associate fellow at London’s Royal Institute of International Affairs.
“A lot of people noticed,” according to Paskal, especially because China exploited it to signal that the new administration is ready to treat China as a true equal, at the possible expense of key U.S. allies in the region. 
For many years, China had tried to get the Obama administration to embrace the phrases without much success, including the establishment of a “Great Power Relationship” between the two nations based on “win-win cooperation,” and mutual respect without conflict or confrontation, said Paskal, author of the 2010 book, “Global Warring: How Environmental, Economic and Political Crises Will Redraw the World Map.” 
But Obama’s seasoned China hands knew that if they did embrace the phrases, the administration would be giving Xi an opening to show that he had convinced Washington to not oppose Beijing’s major initiatives, including expansion in the South China Sea. 
If Trump were to validate the same language about a new “Great Power Relationship,” even inadvertently and in passing, Paskal said, it could have potentially disastrous diplomatic consequences.
 “It would say that basically there are only two powers that count in East Asia, and send a signal to Japan and South Korea and everybody else that they are now secondary powers and that the U.S. is now most concerned about what China thinks, and making deals that can be to their detriment,” she said. 
“Without experience,” Paskal added, “they have no idea the kind of bear traps the Chinese are laying for them.”



ARTICLE
The man credited with honing Donald Trump’s populist message and guiding him into the White House has grown frustrated amid continued infighting in the West Wing, so much so that in recent weeks a top donor had to persuade him to stay in his position.
Five people, including a senior administration official and several sources close to the president, tell POLITICO that Steve Bannon, one of Trump’s closest advisers, has clashed with the president’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, who’s taken on an increasingly prominent portfolio in the West Wing. Bannon has complained that Kushner and his allies are trying to undermine his populist approach, the sources said.
Story Continued Below
Republican megadonor Rebekah Mercer, a longtime Bannon confidante who became a prominent Trump supporter during the campaign, urged Bannon not to resign. “Rebekah Mercer prevailed upon him to stay,” said one person familiar with the situation.
Another person familiar with the situation, a GOP operative who talks to Mercer, said: “Bekah tried to convince him that this is a long-term play.”
Bannon has worked closely with Mercer not only at the right-wing website Breitbart News, where her family is a major investor and where he served as executive chairman until joining the Trump campaign in August, but also at Cambridge Analytica, the data-analytics firm owned largely by the Mercers. Bannon is a part owner of the firm, though he’s trying to sell his stake, and until recently he served as vice president of the company’s board. 
The White House said Bannon had not taken any steps to leave, and Bannon told POLITICO that any suggestion he threatened to resign was “total nonsense.”
At Breitbart, Bannon, 63, was among the earliest Trump supporters and is credited with building the ideological foundation of the Trump movement. A former investment banker of considerable means, he is somebody the president views as an equal — and whose departure would scramble the pecking order of a White House that seems to have chaos in its DNA.
“It hasn’t all been fun, and I know he’s been frustrated,” said a Republican who has spoken with Bannon in recent weeks. His position in the West Wing took a blow on Wednesday, when the White House issued a national security directive removing him from the National Security Council, where he had been installed as a member in the first weeks of the administration.
Bannon opposed the change, even saying he’d quit if the president signed off on it, according to one person familiar with the situation. 
His allies inside the White House downplayed the significance of the reassignment, casting his initial elevation to the NSC as a temporary position that had come to a natural conclusion. 
But Bannon's removal from the NSC is symbolic of a broader realignment in the West Wing that has Bannon increasingly marginalized and at odds both with the president and Kushner.
Bannon has generated a thrum of controversy since he joined the Trump campaign as chief executive in August, and the consistent drumbeat of negative press coverage surrounding him has strained his relationship with Trump, who monitors media reports closely, according to a source familiar with the situation.
Bannon has also butted heads with Kushner, the president’s senior adviser, who considers him an ideologue whose advice to Trump is making it harder for the president to win popular support for his agenda, according to people familiar with the dynamic.
The tension between the two is indicative of a larger power struggle in the White House as Kushner’s prominence and responsibility have ballooned. He has helped to expand the authority of two senior West Wing officials who, like him, are less ideological in nature: former Goldman Sachs executives Gary Cohn, who is now chairman of the National Economic Council, and Dina Powell, the deputy national security adviser for strategy. The national security directive removing Bannon from the NSC explicitly authorized Powell to attend the National Security Council's Principals' and Deputies' Committee meetings. 
The “big fight is between nationalists and the West Wing Democrats,” said a person familiar with Bannon’s thinking.
“You have these New York interlocutors who are just not political and who want to think that they’re above the way Washington thinks, but if anybody is allied on delivering on things that Trump ran on, it’s Bannon and Reince and the vice president,” said the Republican who has spoken to Bannon recently.
Kushner has also told people that he thinks Mercer and her father, the hedge fund billionaire Robert Mercer — who poured $13 million into a super PAC that supported Ted Cruz’s campaign in the Republican primary and came around to Trump after he won the nomination — have taken too much credit for their role in Trump's victory, and he has expressed misgivings about their go-it-alone approach to outside spending boosting Trump’s agenda.
“If Bannon leaves the White House, Bekah’s access and influence shrinks dramatically,” said the GOP operative who talks to Mercer.
Alex Isenstadt contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
Vice President Mike Pence said Wednesday "all options are on the table" when it comes to the U.S. government's response to Syria in the aftermath of Tuesday's devastating chemical weapons attack. 
"All evidence points to the Assad regime in Syria" as the perpetrators behind the attack, Pence said during an interview with Fox News. He reiterated the administration's rebuke of the attackers' actions. 
Story Continued Below
"I know the president and I and our entire administration condemn this chemical attack in Syria in the strongest possible terms," he said. "It cannot be tolerated."
Pence added that while he was hopeful the United Nations will take action in Syria, the administration is keeping its options open. 
Pence also cast developments in Syria as the consequence of inaction on the part of the Obama administration. His comments echoed President Donald Trump, who earlier Wednesday blasted his predecessor for issuing a "blank threat" when he cautioned Syria that utilizing chemical weapons would be crossing a "red line."
Pence took a similar tone.
"It is a reflection of the failure of the last administration to both confront the mindless violence of the regime and also the whole of Russia and Syria to account for the promises that they've made to destroy chemical weapons," Pence said. 
Earlier in the day, Trump also offered a sharp condemnation of the actions in Syria, saying during a joint news conference at the White House with King Abdullah of Jordan that what had unfolded had changed his thinking. 
“It crossed a lot of lines for me,” Trump said. “When you kill innocent children, innocent babies, babies, little babies, with a chemical gas that is so lethal ... that crosses many, many lines, beyond a red line. Many, many lines.”



ARTICLE
When President Barack Obama geared up for airstrikes to enforce his chemical weapons “red line” in Syria four years ago, Donald Trump cried foul.
As Obama rallied support for an attack to punish Syrian ruler Bashar Assad’s use of nerve gas against civilians, Trump in a series of tweets expressed little concern for the innocent victims and insisted that the United States had no business in Syria.
Story Continued Below
“The only reason President Obama wants to attack Syria is to save face over his very dumb RED LINE statement,” Trump tweeted in September 2013, referring to Obama’s declaration the year before that Assad’s use of chemical weapons would cross a “red line” and trigger punitive U.S. action.
“Do NOT attack Syria, fix U.S.A.,” Trump added at the time.
He maintained that position as a presidential candidate, two years after Obama abandoned the strikes. “I wouldn’t have drawn the line,” he said in a September 2015 GOP debate.
But on Wednesday, Trump seemed to embrace his own red line during a news conference that confounded assumptions about his foreign policy and convinced some observers that he might order the sort of military action he once denounced Obama for considering.
“He basically implored President Obama not to take military action,” said Jon Finer, who was chief of staff to former Secretary of State John Kerry. “We’re hearing a different tone now from President Trump on President Assad and the nature of his brutal rule over Syria.”
Appearing next to Jordan’s King Abdullah II at the White House, Trump said Assad must be held accountable for a chemical weapons attack this week in a pro-rebel area that reportedly killed dozens of people, many of them children. U.S. officials believe the Assad regime is likely behind the attack, which bore the hallmarks of nerve gas, though Damascus has denied responsibility.
Asked whether the attack violated a “red line” for him, Trump said that it “crosses many, many lines, beyond a red line.”
Trump would not specify what kind of response he would deliver to Syria’s government. “You will see. They will have a message. You will see what the message is,” he said.
But after calling the attack “an affront to humanity,” Trump suggested he was reconsidering his view that the United States should not work to remove Assad from power. “My attitude towards Syria and Assad has changed very much,” he said.
Trump’s surprising words came in a week when attention had been focused on his seeming lack of interest in human rights and other humanitarian concerns abroad. On Monday, Trump hosted Egypt’s repressive leader, Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, at the White House, where he made no public reference to the Arab dictator’s historic political crackdown in his country or the imprisonment there of several American citizens.
But in a sign that Trump’s comments were not unscripted freelancing, U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley urged the U.N. Security Council earlier on Wednesday to take strong action against the Assad regime. If it did not, she said, “there are times in the life of states that we are compelled to take our own action.”
The White House’s turnaround on Syria galled former Obama administration officials, particularly when Trump seemed to blame Obama for this week’s atrocity there. Trump recalled Wednesday that Obama, after moving to the brink of military action, abruptly called off his planned airstrikes. (Obama first said he wanted Congress to vote on any military action; he then shelved the plan entirely after striking a deal with Russia, an ally of Assad, to peacefully remove and destroy the country’s deadly chemical weapons stockpile.) 
“I think the Obama administration had a great opportunity to solve this crisis,” Trump said. “When he didn’t cross that line, after making the threat, I think that set us back a long ways. It was a blank threat.” 
But Trump himself had urged Obama not to follow through on the threat, saying in September 2013 that there was “no upside and tremendous downside.” 
If Trump does take action against Assad, it could complicate his relationship with Russia, whose military is fighting alongside Syrian forces. During the Obama presidency, the Kremlin warned that it would use force to defend the Assad regime from potential U.S. aggression.
On Wednesday, a Russian defense ministry spokesman said the gas was released when Syrian airstrikes hit a rebel-held chemical weapons factory. 
Any U.S. action on the crowded Syrian battlefield could also have unpredictable consequences.
“If they do go after something meaningful in terms of military targets, would they be willing to kill Russians? There are a lot in Syria now,” asked Derek Chollet, a former senior Pentagon official who was involved in planning for the aborted 2013 strikes.
Some former Obama administration officials said they would welcome a limited strike against Syrian forces as a way of reasserting U.S. power in the Middle East — and to provide Secretary of State Rex Tillerson with leverage ahead of his planned visit to Moscow on April 12.
“The timing of Tillerson’s visit is good because he can, in the aftermath of whatever action we take, go to the Russians with a stronger hand and explain to them what our objectives are in the Middle East,” said Evelyn Farkas, who served as the Pentagon’s top Russia official under Obama.
“It’s very important to show the Syrian regime and the world, other would-be chemical bombers, that you cannot get away with this,” she said.
Whether Trump has committed himself to the action he urged Obama not to take remains unknown. 
But he did make clear that his perspective changed once a chemical massacre occurred on his watch.
"I now have responsibility,” Trump said.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump, who often spends weeknights alone cooped up in the White House, has recently wined and dined some of the biggest names in right-wing media.
Conservative talk show host Rush Limbaugh and his wife, Kathryn, had dinner with Trump in his residence on March 23, Limbaugh told POLITICO in a statement. The invite was extended to the Limbaughs about a week in advance, and Vice President Mike Pence and his wife, Karen, joined them.
Story Continued Below
“I’ve known President Trump for many years and have played golf with him in Florida,” Limbaugh said in the statement. “He is a magnificent host and spending time with him is immensely enjoyable.”
The same week, Trump hosted Fox News host Jeanine Pirro, who has been friends with Trump for decades, for dinner at the White House, a source familiar with the dinner told POLITICO. The sit-down with Pirro occurred the week before Trump tweeted to his 27.4 million followers to watch Pirro’s program, where she blasted House Speaker Paul Ryan and called for him to step down after the failure of his health care bill.
Press secretary Sean Spicer, in his daily briefing the following day, denied that Trump intended to endorse her message about Ryan. “He’s a fan of the show, plain and simple,” Spicer said.
A Fox News spokeswoman declined to comment on the dinner. Spicer declined to comment about either meeting.



ARTICLE
National security adviser H.R. McMaster quietly slipped out of the White House grounds last week to seek the counsel of one of his aging predecessors, another three-star general who ran the National Security Council in a time of political turmoil and congressional probes. 
McMaster's session with 92-year-old Brent Scowcroft, who served as national security adviser for Presidents Gerald Ford and George H.W. Bush, was the clearest indication yet that McMaster, who took the reins of the NSC in February after his predecessor Mike Flynn was ousted, intends to radically depart from the approach taken by Flynn and President Donald Trump's chief strategist, Steve Bannon, who was removed from his seat on Wednesday. 
Story Continued Below
Trump's directive reorganizing the National Security Council gives McMaster the lines of authority and independence he sought when offered the job and restores the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen. Joe Dunford, as a regular member of the NSC, along with the director of national intelligence, former senator Dan Coats. 
An administration official with direct knowledge of the deliberations said the changes are part of broader reforms McMaster is implementing, including reducing the size of the NSC's professional staff, which ballooned to about 450 under President Barack Obama. 
It's also seen as a major victory in reviving the so-called "Scowcroft model," in which the national security adviser avoids pushing his own policy agenda in favor of serving as a referee for proposals put forth by NSC staff and the career professionals from national security and foreign policy agencies that also participate in high-level meetings. Scowcroft also established a process in which the national security adviser is heard but rarely seen, his or her influence measured by how much they have the president's ear in private.
“On paper it is the layered committees, an immensely orderly process,” explained Peter Feaver, who served on the National Security Council staff of President George W. Bush and now teaches at Duke University. “You decide everything at the lowest possible level so only the really tough decisions get kicked upstairs. And no meeting about you is without you. Everybody who has an equity gets to play and gets their say.”
That is a stark departure from the way Flynn ran the group during his brief tenure as national security adviser. 
In his three-week stint, Flynn established a new layer of hand-picked subordinates, was criticized for shutting out career NSC staff from meetings — and for, at one point, making a surprise appearance in the White House briefing room to announce that “as of today, we are officially putting Iran on notice.”
The retired three-star general, who is under investigation by the FBI and Congress for his alleged interactions with the Russian government during the election, was one of the most prominent and hawkish surrogates for Trump during the election campaign — including espousing hard-line views on Islam and leading chants of “lock her up” about opponent Hillary Clinton.
The new NSC organizational directive states, in part, that McMaster, or his sole designee, “shall determine the agenda in consultation with the appropriate committee members.” 
It also says that “invitations to participate in or attend a specific principal committee meetings shall be extended at the discretion of the chair, and may include those Cabinet-level heads of executive departments and agencies, and other senior officials, who are needed to address any issue under consideration.”
The biggest change is the removal of Bannon, whose designation as a regular participant in National Security Council meetings was widely seen as a reversal of its apolitical tradition.
"It was not right to have him in that room, in those meetings," said Brian McKeon, who served as NSC executive secretary under Obama. 
The role of Tom Bossert, who serves as Trump's homeland security adviser and had been a co-equal with Flynn, was also reduced.
"It is further empowers McMaster," said Laura Holgate, another Obama NSC veteran, who described Bossert, a White House veteran, as "very capable" and highly respected by the NSC staff.
Feaver also said McMaster, who as an Army major wrote a blistering book about White House decision-making during the Vietnam War, appears to be trying to echo another of Scowcroft's characteristics: being seen as an “honest broker, not a policy entrepreneur” in the vein of Flynn or, Feaver suggested, President Jimmy Carter’s national security adviser, Zbigniew Brzezinski.
Nicholas Rostow, who served on the National Security Council staff under President Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush, defined the Scowcroft model another way: "Passion for anonymity. In the words of George Marshall, 'If you don't care who gets the credit you can get something done in this town.'"
McMaster's recent meeting with Scowcroft was described by a person with direct knowledge who was not authorized to speak publicly. The person said it was an informal visit to draw on Scowcroft's experience on how to manage the NSC process, which was first established in 1947. 
Scowcroft's office declined comment. The NSC also declined to comment.
Scowcroft served as national security adviser to Ford when he was a three-star Air Force general, at the height of a series of congressional probes into CIA assassination plots and other abuses by the intelligence agencies that rocked the executive branch. 
 He was recalled to the job more than a decade later in the wake of the Iran-Contra arms-for-hostages scandal that nearly destroyed the NSC in order to restore the credibility of the process. 
In 1987, Scowcroft also co-authored the Tower Report, named for then-Sen. John Tower, which reviewed the NSC process and structure in the wake of revelations that staffers violated American policy and law.
"The manner and method by which Brent Scowcroft performed the role became the model or 'base case' for all those who came after him," Stephen Hadley, who served as national security adviser for President George W. Bush, said in a recent speech. 
A former administration official who asked not to be identified said that among the materials that McMaster has reviewed since taking the post were the Tower findings and recommendations.
"This seems to me a return to normalcy," said Elliott Abrams, who served on the NSC under Presidents Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush and was interviewed by Trump for the post of deputy secretary of state. "McMaster is settling in, hiring people, and beginning to influence the way foreign policy is conducted."
“It really reflects well on H.R. McMaster, who has orchestrated all the key moves behind the scenes in advance of announcing them and gotten their approval,” added David Rothkopf, author of two histories of the National Security Council, most recently National Insecurity, which looked at the Bush and Obama years. 
 “That is a sign of a smart, effective bureaucrat and leader. This restores the traditional structures to the NSC. It is putting in place a professional team of national security advisers," Rothkopf added. "It gives McMaster more authority and restores the roles of the military and intelligence leadership."
By removing Bannon, Rothkopf added, “this also ensures there is a message sent to the world and the administration there is one National Security Council and one national security adviser, not the hydra-headed monster they seemed to be setting up.”
“I think Trump deserves credit for it,” Rothkopf added. “He executed a lot of changes that might have been awkward for him and his team but all in the national interest and that were called for.”
But Rothkopf and others noted that giving McMaster control over the NSC doesn't give him sole authority over national security decision-making inside Trump's White House, where Bannon remains top strategist and where son-in-law Jared Kushner holds enormous sway. 
“Does [Trump] respect the process he created?" asked Rothkopf. "He is a mercurial guy. He can’t allow himself the luxury of backsliding. He can’t allow Bannon to back-door this process. This is easy to undo.”
Eliana Johnson contributed to this report. 



ARTICLE
A Democrat on the House panel investigating Donald Trump’s ties to Russia is issuing an ultimatum: If the president is going to accuse members of the Obama administration of breaking the law, he should prove it.
“If the president wants to say that Susan Rice committed a crime, he has the power to declassify. No one else does,” Rep. Eric Swalwell of California said Wednesday. “So, he could actually show us where the crime was. I don't expect he will, because I think this is just more obstructionism.”
Story Continued Below
Swalwell’s remarks came after Trump told The New York Times that he believes Rice committed a crime when she reportedly requested the identities of Trump transition aides who were caught up in U.S. surveillance of foreign targets. “It is one of the big stories of our time,” Trump declared.
But Rice, as national security adviser under President Barack Obama, would not have broken the law by making such a request, nor would it necessarily be improper. The identities of U.S. persons caught up in foreign surveillance are typically shielded in intelligence reports, but Rice and other high-ranking officials would have had the legal authority to request that the intelligence agency behind the report “unmask” them.
Rice on Tuesday said in an interview with MSNBC it was "absolutely false" that the Obama administration used intelligence "for political purposes."
And Swalwell on Wednesday said that if Trump has evidence to the contrary, he should release it and let the public judge for itself.
“If he has evidence that she committed a crime, he actually can show us what his evidence looks like,” said Swalwell, a member of the House Intelligence Committee. “Right now, he has a credibility problem because he's been proved wrong a lot on Russia.”
The classification system in the United States is based on executive orders issued by the president — giving Trump ultimate authority over what is classified and what is not.
Swalwell’s challenge to Trump is the latest barb in a weeks-long saga over classified documents uncovered by the White House and portrayed by Trump aides as evidence of surveillance abuses by the Obama administration.
Last month, the White House shared the documents with Rep. Devin Nunes, the Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, but sought to conceal itself as the congressman’s source. Nunes held a news conference in which he said he had been provided documents by an unnamed source that appeared to show some Trump aides had been improperly “unmasked” following November’s presidential election.
On Friday, the White House allowed Nunes’ Democratic counterpart and fellow Californian, Rep. Adam Schiff, to view the documents. Schiff declined on Wednesday to discuss the content of the materials, noting that they are classified, but said he does not agree with Nunes’ characterization of the documents.
Schiff is now fighting to get access to the documents for other members of the House Intelligence panel, which is conducting a wide-ranging investigation into Russia’s meddling in the 2016 presidential election, including possible collusion with the Trump campaign.
Schiff echoed Swalwell in urging Trump to stop accusing people of crimes without providing the evidence to back up those charges — referencing Trump’s baseless claim that Obama ordered a wiretap of Trump Tower in the run-up to the presidential election.
“If he's going to make accusations of criminality against anyone, he needs to show evidence to support that kind of a charge,” Schiff told reporters. “Obviously that's not something he was either able or willing to do with respect to his accusations against Obama. It's not something I expect he's going to be able to do with Susan Rice either.”
Schiff has been publicly sparring with Nunes over the chairman’s handling of the White House’s classified documents and Nunes’ decision last month to cancel a hearing that was set to feature testimony from former acting Attorney General Sally Yates and other members of the Obama administration.
Schiff said Wednesday he was negotiating with Nunes to get the hearing rescheduled. He also said the two of them were close to an agreement on an initial list of witnesses to interview as part of their Russia probe.
“I think we've made a lot of progress on arriving at witness lists, and we're discussing the process and logistics of bringing witnesses in,” he said.
For his part, Swalwell teamed up with Rep. Eliot Engel of New York, the top House Foreign Relations Democrat, on Wednesday on a resolution urging the Trump administration not to lift U.S. sanctions on Russia until the FBI completes its investigation into ties between Trump aides and Moscow.
“Until investigations are completed and the American people know the full facts of the attack upon our democracy, the Trump White House should not be changing our nation’s policies to benefit Vladimir Putin and his government,” Swalwell said.



ARTICLE
One of Vice President Mike Pence’s top political advisers, Nick Ayers, is considering running for governor of Georgia next year, according to two people familiar with the matter.
Ayers is 34 but already a veteran Republican strategist who burst onto the political scene a decade ago as the wunderkind executive director of the Republican Governors Association. In 2016, he served as a senior adviser to Pence after Donald Trump tapped him as his running mate, and Ayers served on the executive committee of Trump’s presidential transition team. He has not previously run for office.
Story Continued Below
While it is not clear yet whether Ayers will jump into the contest, people close to the White House are already discussing what impact an Ayers run would have on the pro-Trump nonprofit group America First Policies, where he has worked as an adviser and fundraiser since January.
Ayers declined to comment on his plans.
If he runs, Ayers would enter a wide-open Republican primary to replace term-limited Gov. Nathan Deal, also a Republican. Lt. Gov. Casey Cagle is expected to run, and Secretary of State Brian Kemp recently declared his candidacy. A host of others, including former congressmen and state legislators, are looking at the race.
Ayers, who lives in Georgia with his family, is in Washington D.C. this week and expected to discuss his future with senior Trump officials, including Pence, chief of staff Reince Priebus and chief strategist Stephen Bannon, according to a person familiar with those meetings. 
Ayers has played a key role in setting up America First Policies, and if he runs, it would leave a major vacuum. The group was meant to help boost Trump’s agenda, but it has so far been absent. Katie Walsh, the former White House deputy chief of staff, left the administration last week to help shore up the group.
Ayers cut his teeth in Georgia politics, working for Sonny Perdue’s gubernatorial campaign in 2002 and then for the state party. Ayers is married to a distant relative of Perdue, who is Trump’s nominee for agriculture secretary.
When Perdue became chairman of the RGA in 2006, Ayers joined him as executive director. By 2010, Ayers was named to Time’s 40 under 40 list as a political operative. Then 28, he told the magazine his political hero was Teddy Roosevelt and said he didn’t know where he’d be in five years.
“I don’t make long term plans,” Ayers told Time. “Really.”
Ayers’ Wikipedia page received a facelift at the end of March, site records show, including new details about his work for Trump and the fact that he is a father of triplets. Gary Maloney, a Republican researcher, contacted POLITICO after this story published and said he made the changes without any contact from Ayers or any knowledge about his political future.
“This was not planned,” Maloney said, adding that he edits Wikipedia entries “voluminously.”



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump said Wednesday that he believed former President Barack Obama’s national security adviser may have committed a crime, calling Susan Rice's actions around intelligence reports “one of the big stories of our time” without specifying what law he believed she broke.
Trump was asked by The New York Times in an Oval Office interview Wednesday whether he thought the former national security adviser committed a crime in her handling of the names of transition staffers who were caught up but initially not named in intelligence reports. 
Story Continued Below
“Do I think?” he asked. “Yes, I think.”
Certain national security officials are permitted to request the identities of people in surveillance reports if they believe the names are necessary to understand the material. Such unmasking is not the same as leaking the individual’s name, which would be illegal. 
Rice came under fire this week after some media outlets reported that she requested that names of Trump transition officials be unmasked in some intelligence reports. Americans whose communications are incidentally captured in surveillance of foreign persons are generally not named unless there is a specific request to reveal their identities.
Rice denied Tuesday during an interview with MSNBC that she leaked any names that were unmasked through that process. “I leaked nothing to nobody and never have and never would,” she told Andrea Mitchell.
Nevertheless, Trump, whose presidency has been dogged by the intelligence community’s assessment that his election was aided by Russian meddling and who is facing investigations into whether his associates colluded with Russian officials, predicted that Rice’s unmasking is “going to be the biggest story.”
“It’s such an important story for our country and the world. It is one of the big stories of our time,” Trump declared. 
The president declined multiple requests for evidence of his claims that the Obama administration spied on him, the Times said. He also refused to say whether he had seen intelligence to back up his claims but vowed to explain himself “at the right time.”



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump called Bill O’Reilly a “good person” who did nothing wrong in an interview Wednesday with The New York Times, jumping to the defense of one of his most vocal media supporters despite revelations that Fox News and the host have reached settlements with five women who accused him of harassment.
Trump said O’Reilly should not have settled with the women who accused him. Details of the incidents were published last weekend by the Times.
Story Continued Below
“He’s a person I know well — he is a good person,” Trump told a pair of Times reporters in an Oval Office interview. “I think he shouldn’t have settled; personally, I think he shouldn’t have settled… Because you should have taken it all the way. I don’t think Bill did anything wrong.”
Two of the five settlements detailed by the Times were previously known. Taken together, they represent payments of roughly $13 million from either O’Reilly or Fox News’s parent company, 21st Century Fox. More than 20 advertisers have pulled out of O’Reilly’s top-rated Fox News show, where praise for Trump is frequent, as a result of the report.
Trump, too, has faced allegations of sexual assault. During last year’s presidential campaign, the Times published the accounts of a woman who said the president had groped her breast and attempted to put his hand up her skirt when the two were seated next to one another in the first class cabin of a flight in the 1980s.
In a separate allegation that appeared in People magazine, writer Natasha Stoynoff said that during a 2005 visit to the president’s Mar-a-Lago resort for a story on his recent wedding to Melania Trump, Trump pinned her against a wall and forcibly kissed her.
Trump has denied each of the allegations against him.



ARTICLE
Republican efforts to unite around a plan to repeal Obamacare devolved into a heated round of intra-party sniping Wednesday, as conservative groups publicly pummeled moderate GOP lawmakers — all while the White House talked of unity and progress.
The failure to reach a deal in late night talks Tuesday, which were held by competing factions of House Republicans and brokered by Vice President Mike Pence, led conservative advocacy groups Heritage Action and Club for Growth to lash out at centrist Republicans for resisting proposals to undercut Obamacare’s regulations.
Story Continued Below
“Each one of these members of Congress is standing in the way of compromise,” Heritage Action CEO Mike Needham said in a call with reporters, fingering the 50-member Tuesday Group as the culprit that “refuses to get to yes.”
“Their commitment to [repealing] Obamacare is one that existed on the campaign trail but does not exist in the halls of Congress,” he said.
It was an attempt to flip the narrative that has dominated in Washington after last month’s failed attempt to gut Obamacare: That the archconservative House Freedom Caucus was the singular impediment to the GOP’s progress on a seven-year priority.
Needham praised the White House and defended the Freedom Caucus, which only days earlier had been singled out for scorn by President Donald Trump, who threatened to target the three-dozen lawmakers in 2018 for blocking his health care agenda. 
One Tuesday Group member, Rep. Chris Collins (R-N.Y.) brushed off the attack from outside conservative organizations.
"They have little influence today. For them to suggest otherwise is laughable," Collins said. "They may have influence on the Freedom Caucus … They surely don’t have any sway on the other 200 of us."
The message from Heritage and the Club for Growth, which issued its own statement panning House moderates, portends more Republican infighting to come.
Needham indicated that his group would spend the two-week Easter recess, which begins Friday, working to “educate” Tuesday Group members on “basic conservative health care policy.” He declined to rule out whether that would include a paid ad campaign in their districts.
The message from the right-wing groups sharply contradicted the Trump administration’s version of the health care state-of-play. In a briefing with reporters Wednesday, White House legislative affairs director Marc Short described an encouraging few days of negotiation among all House Republican groups — the hard-line Freedom Caucus, the centrist Tuesday Group and the mainstream conservative Republican Study Committee.
“Last night we had members of the Freedom Caucus, the Tuesday Group and the RSC in the same room, talking through the same issues,” he said. “We feel like that is progress.”
“I think there is not people within our conference, Republican conference saying no. There are people saying ‘not yet,” Short continued. “I think that we’re getting closer and closer in this process.”
Freedom Caucus Chairman Rep. Mark Meadows (R-N.C.), who's been seen huddling with Tuesday Group members like Rep. Tom MacArthur (R-N.J.)., also declined to echo the hostility of outside conservative groups.
"I’ve made no negative comments about the Tuesday Group, nor would I," Meadows said.
The White House has tried to win over the Freedom Caucus in recent days with new measures intended to restart health care talks. Those proposals included allowing states to opt out of part of Obamacare’s basic architecture — including regulations that protect people with preexisting conditions — if they can develop their own health care policies that the Trump administration deems acceptable.
Needham estimated that as many as 20 Freedom Caucus members who had previously opposed the GOP health bill would have signed on if the provisions were accepted.
But moderates resisted a policy that goes to the heart of the Obamacare preexisting condition protections, which most Republicans had vowed to leave untouched in their efforts to repeal the 2010 health care law.



ARTICLE
Former vice president Joe Biden and former second lady Jill Biden have signed a multi-book deal with Flatiron Books.
Joe Biden will write two books, while Jill Biden will write one. The first book from the former vice president will examine his experiences during 2015, describing the death of his son Beau and his decision to not run for president. 
Story Continued Below
"We're so deeply honored to be the publisher of these books by Vice President and Dr. Biden," Bob Miller, president and publisher of Flatiron Books, said in a statement. "The Vice President's book promises to give us all a deeper understanding of recent political history, but it will clearly also be a book about the values that have given the Vice President strength in both good times and bad."
The cost of the deal and focus of the other two books were not released. Flatiron Books is a division of Macmillan Publishers.
The deal follows a similar book deal former president Barack Obama and former first lady Michelle Obama signed with Penguin Random House. The Financial Times reported the deal was for more than $60 million. 



ARTICLE
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s mantra, throughout his career, has been never to give an inch without getting an inch in return.
But last week he announced that Israel would voluntarily impose some limits on future construction in the West Bank — and, according to Israeli news reports, he cited as the reason the imperative of getting along with President Donald Trump.
Story Continued Below
Pressure to slow settlement growth was not what some on the Israeli right anticipated under Trump. “The era of the Palestinian state is over,” declared Naftali Bennett, Netanyahu’s hard-right education minister, after the Nov. 8 election.
Instead, Trump has taken a surprisingly nuanced approach when it comes to the Middle East: The same administration that threatened members of Congress who didn’t support the doomed health care bill, in this case, is reaching out to both sides and appears to be making a serious effort at brokering Trump’s “ultimate deal” — peace in the Middle East. Many are still skeptical that he can achieve a deal that has bedeviled ambitious American presidents for decades.
But for now, the early steps have been something of a coup for the struggling Trump administration. Crippled by major policy setbacks at home, it appears to have the Israeli government on a tighter leash — and heeling in a way that President Barack Obama, for the most part, never managed.
“The Israeli government has made clear that going forward, its intent is to adopt a policy regarding settlement activity that takes the president's concerns into consideration,” said one White House official. “The United States welcomes this. The president is a renowned negotiator.”
Foreign policy experts said Trump’s approach in the Middle East has been surprisingly conventional.
“You wouldn’t have a fundamentally different approach under a President Hillary Clinton, who would also be looking for a reset,” said Ilan Goldenberg, director of the Middle East security program at the Center for a New American Security, who worked under former Secretary of State John Kerry on Middle East issues. “In an administration where every day is a new shock, and there is so much breaking of china, this is totally normal,” with the added bonus that the Israelis are treading lightly, for now, careful not to get on the wrong side of Trump.
Trump has been trying to reset his predecessor’s fractured relationship with Israel, while forging new relationships with Arab leaders. On Wednesday, Trump will welcome King Abdullah II of Jordan to the White House, where the leaders are expected to discuss, among other issues, how to advance peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians, the White House said.
Trump’s lead adviser on Israel, Jason Greenblatt, a former lawyer for the Trump Organization with no foreign policy experience, impressed Israelis and Palestinians alike with the seriousness of his listening tour across the region, where he visited Palestinian residents of the Jalazun refugee camp, near Ramallah, as well as Palestinian students and business leaders.
The visit, which he documented extensively on Twitter, was welcomed by the left. “He took all of the meetings we would have wanted him to take,” said Jessica Rosenblum, a spokeswoman for the liberal American Jewish lobbying group J Street.
At the White House, Greenblatt is considered a valued adviser, with an office on the first floor of the Old Executive Office Building, looking into the White House.
At the moment, Trump has more leverage over Netanyahu than his predecessor did in part because of the perception that he is a friend and ally to Israel. “When I become president, the days of treating Israel like a second-class citizen will end on Day One,” Trump declared during a 2016 campaign speech before the Israel lobbying group AIPAC.
His son-in-law, Jared Kushner, who has been charged with brokering peace in the Middle East, among a host of other responsibilities, has a personal relationship with Netanyahu dating back to his childhood, thanks to his family’s financial support for pro-Israel causes.
Obama, in contrast, undercut some of his own negotiating power with a call for a complete settlement freeze, including to accommodate population growth, early in his administration.
Israel hasn't officially started a new settlement in 20 years, but illegal outposts dot the West Bank. Obama's edict followed his 2009 trip to Cairo, a visit that did not include a trip to Israel — a move that tainted his standing with the Israeli public from the starting block.
“The one thing any American president needs, to have influence, is a perception from the Israeli public that this guy is on their side,” said Dennis Ross, who led President Bill Clinton’s ill-fated peace push in the 1990s. “Obama never established that. Standing up to Obama was a good thing, politically. Now, if you have a problem with Trump, it's a bad thing politically.”
Another benefit to Trump: With Congress controlled by the same party as the president, Netanyahu can’t play the two branches of government against each other, like he did in 2015. At that time, his ambassador to Washington coordinated with then-Speaker John Boehner to plan Netanyahu’s address before a joint meeting of Congress to criticize the Iran nuclear deal — without consulting the White House.
Added Ross: “What I’m struck by now is how Trump genuinely wants to see something happen. The Greenblatt visit was a very serious one, based on what I heard from both sides. Both sides saw a demeanor of someone who was learning as much as he could.”
For Netanyahu, there is a strong impulse to get along with the new administration.
To be sure, Trump may be enjoying a grace period from an Israeli government that is eager to show it can get along with its new American allies in the White House. At home, he has told members of the right-wing Likud faction of his government that Trump was serious about slowing down construction of settlements, a person familiar with the conversations told POLITICO.
And he announced last week that new construction in the West Bank would be limited to within boundaries that have already been built, or sites directly adjacent to them, Haaretz reported. Israel would also no longer allow the construction of illegal outposts, under the new rules, and a committee that approves plans for settlement construction will meet once every three months, rather than weekly.
That alone is viewed as an effort on Netanyahu's part to show a good-faith effort that the Israeli government is slowing down the planning process, Ross said.
The Israeli embassy declined to comment for this story.
But some on the right are concerned that the anti-ideological American president, who wants a deal for a deal’s sake and cares less about the terms, is moving in the wrong direction. Among the more hard-line American Jewish groups, there is a growing distrust, for one, of Yael Lempert, the National Security Council senior director for Israel and Palestinian Affairs, who also handled the Israel portfolio under Obama. The career diplomat traveled with Greenblatt to the region during his listening tour and is seen as a guiding hand in the administration’s Middle East policy.
There is also eye-rolling about Greenblatt, who said in an interview with Washington Jewish Week,describing the complicated peace process: “If you take out the emotional part of it and the historical part of it, it is a business transaction.” The quote was forwarded internally among right-wing groups who carped at his perceived naiveté.
But on the right, there is less fear of Trump’s edict on settlements because of a sense of impermanence to Trump’s open-mindedness toward the Palestinians and a two-state solution.
“The Israelis think this is a short-lived gambit,” said a foreign policy operative in Washington familiar with the thinking of the Israeli government. “Trump right now is convinced that the Palestinians want a deal.”
The operative added: “The attitude of the Israelis is, we need to get along for four years; he's fundamentally inclined to like us; and his approach will become better informed by experience in a few months.”
That is how they explain the silence from political leaders close to the settler movement — including Bennett — in response to Netanyahu’s settlement slowdown: They see potential loopholes and believe that, ultimately, Trump will be on their side.
“They may think there are loopholes here they can exploit,” said Ross. “The settlers also know if they make an issue, they're going to alienate the Israeli mainstream, which sees Trump as sympathetic to their cause.”
And while some former Obama administration officials believe that Trump is acting the same way Clinton would, many conservatives view Trump’s approach to Israel as a classic example of Republican orthodoxy.
“What they’ve done is revert to Bush policy,” said Elliott Abrams, a neoconservative foreign policy veteran who was briefly considered to serve as deputy secretary of state in Trump’s administration. He was referring to the fact that there is, so far, no written agreement on settlements, and that the Trump administration does not view construction in Jerusalem as “settlement activity.”
He also pointed out that the only new settlement that will be built is for people who were evicted from Amona, a highly sensitive and controversial spot because it was private land of Palestinians and the Supreme Court of Israel ruled that the settlement was illegal — and one that the Trump White House did not object to. A Trump administration official said of that settlement: “these particular settlement tenders were announced previously, before President Trump had a chance to lay out any expectations.”
Abrams compared the deal to the agreement forged between President George W. Bush and Prime Minister Ariel Sharon in 2003. “This is not shocking for a Republican administration,” he said. “There can be construction of new houses; there are no numerical limits; there is an effort to be sensible and moderate on the part of the government.”
The Obama policy, in contrast, he said, created a broad Israeli consensus against U.S. policy. “This is part of a new era of good feeling,” Abrams added. “They certainly want to have very smooth relations with the president. And the position the administration is taking — that we understand there will be construction and settlements, we just would like it to be restrained — helps Netanyahu a lot. Now he can say, we have to act in a responsible manner, because I’m protecting our relationship with the new president.”



ARTICLE
Members of the conservative Freedom Caucus are demanding to be included in negotiations on tax reform to keep it from meeting the same embarrassing fate as the GOP’s effort to repeal Obamacare.
The head of the ultra-conservative group said Monday evening that lawmakers need to see the draft of a tax overhaul bill before it’s leaked to the media — which is what happened on the health care repeal bill. That measure failed in large part because it was written by leadership, and Freedom Caucus members felt they had no input.
Story Continued Below
“When a member sees the text for the first time in a leaked draft from Politico, therein is a problem,” said Rep. Mark Meadows (R-N.C.).
House Ways and Means members are working on a reform bill even as it remains unclear what role the White House will play in shaping the outcome — and as even Republicans are divided among themselves over key parts of a plan. Rumors swirled on Capitol Hill on Tuesday that the Trump administration was studying ways to pay for tax cuts that could include a carbon tax or a value-added tax — rumors the White House later denied. 
The Ways and Means Committee continues to plan to move a bill of its own this spring.
Meadows praised outreach to date from Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady (R-Texas) and the head of the panel’s tax subcommittee, Rep. Peter Roskam (R-Ill.). But Brady has been noncommittal about when a draft might be released.
Brady pledged to hold hearings, including one that will focus on the most controversial element of the House GOP blueprint: the provision known as border adjustability that would tax imports but not exports.
He’s also reaching across the aisle, scheduling meetings this week with the moderate New Democrats and Ways and Means Democrats to solicit their ideas — though bipartisan cooperation remains a long shot.
“Because we don’t have a very short month, month-and-a-half timetable as we did in health care, I think that helps us on tax reform,” Brady told Politico.
“Compressed timetables are more difficult,” he said. “You don’t have the opportunity to do a hearing, to invite input, to have plenty of time to go back home and listen to constituents.”
Meadows said he wants to see draft legislation more than anything else as part of a “member-driven, inclusive, text-driven debate,” and he wants to get it from a colleague on Capitol Hill, not from anywhere else.
Members of the Freedom Caucus aren’t the only rank-and-file Republicans who want to avoid the Obamacare model this time around.
One of the signal moments of the Obamacare fiasco was Sen. Rand Paul’s slapstick search for a copy of the House health care bill, which was drafted in secret. It was made available privately to House members, but the episode exposed a big shortcoming in the House process.
Rushing headlong into health care over a matter of a few weeks played a part in bringing down the bill before it ever was brought to the floor for a vote, members of the Freedom Caucus and some lawmakers on the Ways and Means panel said. They didn’t trust what was in it, particularly as changes were made to appease one group or another, leaving others to wonder whether they could digest the final product.
They couldn’t.
There shouldn’t be any surprises on taxes, said several Republicans on Ways and Means. Rep. Tom Reed (R-N.Y.) said the time is ripe to release more details on the tax plan, which the committee so far has largely developed behind closed doors with House GOP leaders.
“People are rightfully asking as we go to tax reform about the details, because the devil is in the details,” Reed said.
“Put it out there, let it get shot at, identify the stakeholders and leverage points, and then piece this together in a long-term, substantive package that can survive the scrutiny of a vote.”
A blueprint has been public since June, and there hasn’t yet been much deviation from it, said Rep. Mike Bishop (R-Mich.), the newest Ways and Means member. But Bishop said the panel needs to “go above and beyond” to pull in every element of the House Republican conference “so that by the time it gets to them, they’re better informed.”
Lawmakers outside the committee say such an approach is sorely needed.
“I would hope that the committee would reach out to people not on the committee,” said Rep. Roger Williams (R-Texas), a car dealer elected to Congress in 2012 with tax reform ideas of his own. “I want them to hear from Main Street America. I am Main Street America.”
Williams is the kind of member Brady will have to woo. He’s no fan of border adjustment — a pillar of Brady’s plan — saying it would drive up the cost of cars as well as countless consumer goods, a common complaint.
A small number of Ways and Means Republicans have openly questioned the border adjustment idea, too, and behind closed doors, some have said they are uneasy with potentially voting for something they’re not sure President Donald Trump supports or has Senate Republican buy-in. Business interests in the retail, tech and energy sectors have warned that hitting imports with a 20 percent tax while exempting U.S. taxes on exports would make consumers pay higher prices, while the rising-dollar defense is too academic and untested in reality, prompting the lawmakers’ uncertainty.
Brady wouldn’t tip his hand on possible changes to the blueprint beyond saying he’d continue to listen to concerns about sticky provisions such as getting rid of interest deductibility for businesses. He also continues to contemplate how long to let companies transition to a border adjustment system so they can rework existing contracts and supply chains.
He wouldn’t commit to specific hearing dates, but has said he wants to move tax legislation out of the committee in the spring. With recess looming next week, and again in late May into early June, there are schedule constraints, though Brady insisted that the timeline would prove more comfortable than it did for health care.
Brady’s engagement with Democrats may also signal a different approach to tax reform. Their districts have economic troubles that could benefit from revamping taxes, Brady likes to say, and he wants to hear their pitches.
Democrats are interested in ways to help middle-class and lower-income families, like expanding the earned income tax credit, bolstering the Child Tax Credit, and incentives to improve savings, said Ways and Means ranking member Richard Neal (D-Mass.).
But he has also said it’s premature for Democrats to weigh in with offers since Republicans have much to work out on their own.
“We’re just beginning the waltz,” Neal said.“



ARTICLE
The White House’s latest last-ditch effort to save the GOP’s Obamacare replacement bill hit a brick wall Tuesday night, as conservative and moderate Republicans met and realized they had two very different understandings of the changes sought by top Trump officials.
Conservatives in the House Freedom Caucus say Vice President Mike Pence, chief of staff Reince Priebus and budget director Mick Mulvaney sought to win their votes by offering a repeal of major Obamacare regulations during a Monday night meeting. But moderates who met with the same Trump officials hours before were told the changes wouldn’t be as far-reaching.
Story Continued Below
The discrepancy in what was or was not promised became increasingly apparent throughout the day Tuesday, according to multiple sources across the spectrum of the House Republican Conference.
A late-night huddle with Pence and the leaders of all the GOP caucuses in the basement of the Capitol failed to clarify the issue, leaving Hill insiders speculating whether the White House offered two different potential deals — or lawmakers selectively heard what they wanted.
Republicans plan to meet again Wednesday. But it is unclear where they go from here. It’s also all but certain that the House won’t be voting on a bill to replace the 2010 health care law before the two-week Easter recess.
“There were no agreements tonight in principle, and certainly no agreements in terms of a foundation,” Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows said Tuesday night while exiting the meeting. The North Carolina Republican said members had a “good discussion,” but he acknowledged that “there’s a whole lot of things we have to work out in terms of differences.”
The crux of the issue stems from different interpretations about what White House officials — and House Republicans, for that matter — mean when they say they want to retain Obamacare’s protections for sick individuals or those with pre-existing conditions. 
Everyone, from President Donald Trump to conservatives to moderate members of the GOP conference, says they want to keep these protections. But they disagree over which Obamacare regulations compose the fundamentals of that safeguard. 
Case in point: Pence told hard-line Freedom Caucus members Monday night that changes to the bill would allow governors to opt out of Obamacare’s “community rating” provision, which prohibits insurers from charging higher premiums to people who are sick, are older or based on their gender. Without it, insurers could charge more to people with cancer or other medical conditions, though supporters say it would drive down premiums for healthy people.
Meadows said they were told governors would be allowed to opt out for “all community ratings with the exception of gender.” 
But moderate GOP members who met with Pence the same day say they were under the impression that governors would receive “community rating” flexibility only based on a person’s age — not their illness or other factors. They argue the “community rating” provision goes hand-in-hand with Obamacare regulations that bar insurance companies from rejecting people with pre-existing conditions — and that without it, the pre-existing conditions protections are meaningless because insurance companies could price sick people out of the market by charging them exorbitant premiums. 
That’s not the only discrepancy. Some Freedom Caucus members say the White House also floated the idea of letting governors opt out of the law’s “guarantee issue,” which bars insurance companies from turning away sick people. The idea, Meadows said, would be to send such individuals to state-run risk pools where they can get insurance partially subsidized from a $115 billion “stability fund” that would go to the states to help keep premiums down.
“This high-risk pool … is a 100 percent guarantee,” Meadows said late Tuesday. "Guarantee issue happens automatically with this backstop. You guarantee coverage 100 percent of the time. With that, the guarantee issue from an individual carriers' point of view becomes a moot point.”
But that’s not at all what centrists said they heard from Pence. Multiple sources said that Energy and Commerce Chairman Greg Walden, who met with Pence, other White House officials and centrist members of the conference Monday, had started drafting legislative text that would allow the opt-out only for age, not for everything else. And it would keep the guarantee issue in place, which other Republicans in the conference view as essential in their replacement plan.
Republicans must have realized they had a potential problem; they did not present any text to the broader group Tuesday night. Drafting continues, sources said, though it’s far from clear where it will go next.
"Energy and Commerce has and will continue to provide technical drafting guidance for legislative proposals at the request of the White House and House Leadership,” a panel aide said in a statement. “The Committee will continue to work with all parties as discussions continue on how to best come to a consensus.”
Jennifer Haberkorn and Kyle Cheney contributed to this report.
Missing out on the latest scoops? Sign up for POLITICO Playbook and get the latest news, every morning — in your inbox.



ARTICLE
Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch copied the structure and language used by several authors and failed to cite source material in his book and an academic article, according to documents provided to POLITICO.
The documents show that several passages from the tenth chapter of his 2006 book, “The Future of Assisted Suicide and Euthanasia,” read nearly verbatim to a 1984 article in the Indiana Law Journal. In several other instances in that book and an academic article published in 2000, Gorsuch borrowed from the ideas, quotes and structures of scholarly and legal works without citing them. 
Story Continued Below
The findings come as Republicans are on the brink of changing Senate rules to confirm Gorsuch over the vehement objections of Democrats. The documents could raise questions about the rigor of Gorsuch’s scholarship, which Republicans have portrayed during the confirmation process as unimpeachable. 
The White House on Tuesday pushed back against any suggestion of impropriety.
“This false attack has been strongly refuted by highly-regarded academic experts, including those who reviewed, professionally examined, and edited Judge Gorsuch’s scholarly writings, and even the author of the main piece cited in the false attack,” said White House spokesman Steven Cheung. “There is only one explanation for this baseless, last-second smear of Judge Gorsuch: those desperate to justify the unprecedented filibuster of a well-qualified and mainstream nominee to the Supreme Court.”
However, six experts on academic integrity contacted independently by POLITICO differed in their assessment of what Gorsuch did, ranging from calling it a clear impropriety to mere sloppiness. 
“Each of the individual incidents constitutes a violation of academic ethics. I've never seen a college plagiarism code that this would not be in violation of,” said Rebecca Moore Howard, a Syracuse University professor who has written extensively on the issue.
Elizabeth Berenguer, an associate professor of law at Campbell Law School, said that under legal or academic standards Gorsuch’s similarities to the Indiana Law Journal would be investigated “as a potential violation of our plagiarism policy. It’s similar enough to the original work.” “I would apply an academic writing standard,” said Berenguer, who teaches plagiarism and legal writing. “Even if it were a legal opinion, it would be plagiarism under either.”
The White House provided statements from more than a half-dozen scholars who have worked with Gorsuch or helped oversee the dissertation he wrote at Oxford University that was later turned into his book. They included John Finnis, professor emeritus at Oxford; John Keown of Georgetown University, one of the outside supervisors for Gorsuch’s dissertation; and Robert George of Princeton University, the general editor for Gorsuch’s book publisher. 
The experts offered by the White House asserted that the criteria for citing work in dissertations on legal philosophy is different than for other types of academia or journalism: While Gorsuch may have borrowed language or facts from others without attribution, they said, he did not misappropriate ideas or arguments. 
"Judge Gorsuch did not attempt to steal other people’s intellectual property or pass off ideas or arguments taken from other writers as his own," said George. "In no case did he seek credit for insights or analysis that had been purloined. In short, not only is there no fire, there isn’t even any smoke.” 
The examples at issue make up a small fraction of published works by Gorsuch, which include hundreds of legal opinions, academic articles, news articles and his book. POLITICO did not conduct a full examination of the federal judge’s writings. 
Yet a review of the documents provided to POLITICO shows Gorsuch parroting other writers’ prose and sourcing without citing them. Instead, Gorsuch often acknowledges the primary sources cited by those writers.
In the most striking example, Gorsuch, in his book, appears to duplicate sentences from an Indiana Law Journal article written by Abigail Lawlis Kuzma without attributing her. Instead, he uses the same sources that Kuzma used: A 1982 Indiana court ruling that was later sealed, a well-known pediatrics textbook, “Rudolph’s Pediatrics,” and a 1983 article in the Bloomington Sunday Herald.
At one point, Gorsuch’s prose mimics Kuzma’s almost word for word in describing a child born with Down syndrome.
Kuzma stated that “Esophageal atresia with tracheoesophageal fistula indicates that the esophageal passage from the mouth to the stomach ends in a pouch, with an abnormal connection between the trachea and the esophagus.”
Gorsuch wrote that “Esophageal atresia with tracheoesophageal fistula means that the esophageal passage from the mouth to the stomach ends in a pouch, with an abnormal connection between the trachea and the esophagus.” 
Gorsuch also uses similar language as Kuzma in describing “Baby Doe’s” first days.
“Shortly after Baby Doe was born, a hearing was held at Bloomington Hospital to determine whether the parents had the right to refuse the surgery on behalf of their child. An attorney was present at the hearing to represent the parents, though no one was present to represent Baby Doe’s potentially adverse interests. Six physicians attended, three of whom had obstetric privileges and three of whom had pediatric privileges at Bloomington Hospital,” Gorsuch wrote.
Wrote Kuzma: “Approximately twenty-six hours after Infant Doe was born, a hearing was held at Bloomington Hospital to determine whether the parents had the right to choose a course of treatment for their child that consisted of allowing the child to die. An attorney was present at the hearing to represent the child’s parents. No attorney was present to represent Infant Doe’s interests. Six physicians attended the hearing, three of whom had obstetric privileges and three of whom had pediatric privileges at Bloomington Hospital.” Kuzma, a one-time aide to former Sen. Dick Lugar (R-Ind.), did not respond to an inquiry from POLITICO, but released a statement through Gorsuch’s team. Kuzma said she does “not see an issue here, even though the language is similar.”
“These passages are factual, not analytical in nature,” Kuzma, a former assistant attorney general in Indiana, said. “It would have been awkward and difficult for Judge Gorsuch to have used different language.” 
But a 1983 Notre Dame Law Review article addressing the same case did, in fact, use different, plainer language to describe the issue than Kuzma or Gorsuch did. Author John M. Maciejczyk wrote that the “infant needed surgery to correct a blocked esophagus.” In several other examples provided to POLITICO, Gorsuch follows the fact patterns and sourcing of other writers without acknowledging them.
In describing euthanasia activist Derek Humphry, Gorsuch’s book tracks closely with a 2003 book titled, “A Merciful End: The Euthanasia Movement in Modern America,” by Ian Dowbiggin.
 “In 1989 Humphry left his second wife, Ann Wickett, soon after she had undergone surgery for breast cancer. During the divorce, Wicket alleged that when Humphry purported to help her mother commit suicide, the resulting death was not fully consensual,” Gorsuch wrote.
Dowbiggin wrote: “In 1989 he left his second wife, Ann Wickett, shortly after she had undergone surgery for breast cancer. Their subsequent divorce was made messier by Wickett’s allegations that her mother had not died willingly when Humphry had participated in the suicides of her own parent,” Dowbiggin wrote.
Gorsuch did not include an attribution to Dowbiggin in the passage at issue, though he did cite the author at numerous other points in the book. Dowbiggin listed his sources as “Deadly Compassion: The Death of Ann Humphry and The Truth About Euthenasia,” by Rita Marker, and “Last Rights: The Struggle over the Right to Die” by Sue Woodman. The same titles were cited as sources by Gorsuch.
In the same chapter, Gorsuch appears to rely heavily on a 2002 article by Paul Lombardo of the University of Virginia about sterilization techniques used in that state in the early 20th century. Lombardo writes that a woman named Carrie Buck was sterilized after having a child and her mother was institutionalized.
“Even worse for her, officials at her mother’s asylum claimed that mother and daughter shared hereditary traits of feeblemindedness and sexual promiscuity,” Gorsuch wrote.
Wrote Lombardo, “Officials at the Virginia Colony said that Carrie and her mother shared the hereditary traits of ‘feeblemindedness’ and sexual promiscuity.” 
Gorsuch did not cite Lombardo despite mimicking his sentences and presenting them in virtually the same order, according to an electronic search of Gorsuch’s book.
Howard, the Syracuse University professor, said Gorsuch engaged in a practice known as “patchwriting” — essentially patching together words, fact sequences and quotes from another source, but occasionally changing up phrasing and tenses.
In addition to “heavy patchwriting,” Howard said, Gorsuch “hides his sources, which gives the appearance of a very deliberate method. I would certainly call it plagiarism.”
In a 2000 article in the Harvard Journal of Law & Public Policy titled “The Right to Assisted Suicide and Euthanasia,” Gorsuch’s writing aligns closely with a 1985 Duquesne Law Review article about euthanasia in colonial America. Gorsuch describes laws in colonial Virginia, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, South Carolina, North Carolina and Pennsylvania in the same order and with similar quotations as the Duquesne article. But Gorsuch never cites the article in that passage, instead only repeating the same sources that it relied on. Oxford's academic guidance for plagiarism states that “paraphrasing the work of others by altering a few words and changing their order, or by closely following the structure of their argument, is plagiarism if you do not give due acknowledgement to the author whose work you are using.”
Christopher Sprigman, a New York University law professor involved in building an online standard for citation in legal scholarship, said he did not believe the examples of Gorsuch’s questionable writings reflected “mendacious” acts on the judge’s part.
Gorsuch’s manner in attributing sources is “a choice that you might agree with or disagree with,” Sprigman said. “It’s a little bit risky, but I wouldn’t say it rises to the level of a bad act. I think some people would say it’s sloppy.”
 Josh Gerstein and Seung Min Kim contributed to this report.
Correction: An earlier version of this story incorrectly stated Kuzma's employment status with the Indiana attorney general's office.



ARTICLE
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell on Tuesday backed calls for a congressional investigation into allegations that Susan Rice, the national security adviser to former President Barack Obama, “unmasked” Trump transition officials in intelligence reports for political purposes. 
"I have asked the [Senate] Intelligence Committee, Sen. [Richard] Burr, Sen. [Mark] Warner, to conduct a bipartisan investigation of this whole episode," McConnell told Fox News anchor Dana Perino in an interview. "They will conduct it. Hopefully at the end we will find out what happened and they will issue a report, I hope, on a bipartisan basis."
Story Continued Below
Numerous reports emerged this week claiming Rice sought to undermine her successor, Trump national security adviser Michael Flynn, by attaining the names of Trump transition officials from intelligence reports. The name of Flynn, among others, was "unmasked," and later leaked to the press, which led to the revelation that he had communicated with Russia officials — a revelation that cost him his job. 
Although Rice has denied the allegations, congressional Republicans have seized on them, calling for a formal inquiry into the matter. 
McConnell, speaking Tuesday, added that the Senate's intelligence panel would be conducting the investigation. 
"Anything related to Susan Rice or any of these other suggestions will be handled by the Intelligence Committee, and we look forward to receiving their report about what happened," McConnell said. 



ARTICLE
Far from winding down their political operations or retreating from the national scene, the collection of failed 2016 presidential primary hopefuls is cutting a high profile in the early weeks of the Donald Trump era, determined to leverage their newfound national stature for the 2018 elections and beyond. 
Bernie Sanders has traveled to states as varied as Mississippi and Massachusetts to advance his message in recent weeks. On Tuesday, the Vermont senator sought to shape the Virginia Democratic governor’s primary by endorsing Tom Perriello. Another Democrat who fell short in the 2016 primary, Martin O’Malley, is also keeping his foot on the gas pedal — he commissioned a 2020 poll of Iowa caucusgoers last month and has campaigned for Democrats across the country in recent state and local races. 
Story Continued Below
On the Republican side, Ohio Gov. John Kasich is planning a return to the early-voting presidential primary state of New Hampshire at the end of the month. Marco Rubio, who won reelection to his Senate seat in 2016 after falling short in the GOP primary, is lending his name to fundraising appeals for Josh Mandel, a challenger to Ohio Sen. Sherrod Brown, and helping to raise money for Miami mayoral candidate Francis Suarez. He’s also weighed in on behalf of Judson Hill, a candidate for a nationally watched special election contest in Georgia. 
In fact, there’s little to indicate the 20-plus former presidential candidates are licking their wounds. Instead, many are busy surveying and mapping the unpredictable new electoral landscape, determined to carve out their place in it with Trump’s unpopular White House serving as the backdrop. For Sanders, who will be 79 years old in 2020, it’s as much about expanding his progressive political movement as anything else. For others, the moves are an attempt to springboard off their 2016 campaigns and maintain a national presence at a time of great turmoil within both parties. 
“One of the things you see in every election cycle is a new set of actors stepping on the stage and an old set of actors stepping off the stage,” said Mark Longabaugh, who was a senior adviser to Sanders’ campaign. “[Sanders has] been very clear about his desire and his intent to move the Democratic Party in his direction [and] he’s built a national organization, a national platform, for himself and his issues. And he’s seizing the day.” 
Few of the 2016-ers have been as aggressive in moving to mold his or her party’s national conversation as Sanders, who took advantage of the post-campaign silence from Hillary Clinton allies to step into the void and push his priority issues like debt-free college and universal Medicare to the forefront. 
The goal, say people close to him and his political operation, is to move toward painting the Democratic Party — which did not vote for him — in his unapologetically progressive image as it approaches a 2018 midterm election. 
The Vermont independent surprised Virginians by wading into the 2017 Democratic primary for governor by endorsing Perriello, a former congressman, over Lt. Gov. Ralph Northam. He’s also stepped into a new leadership role in the Senate Democratic Caucus for which he has worked with Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer to hold nationwide rallies around issues like health care reform, as well as traveling on his own for tightly targeted political fights — like a unionization drive in Mississippi and a Boston rally with fellow liberal hero Elizabeth Warren. 
“These are issues that Bernie has spoken about his entire life, his entire career, and what has happened now, because of the stature that he’s gained in the presidential race, is he has an ability to address these issues on a national level,” said Longabaugh. “People are paying attention now: when he speaks, people hear it."
After failing to install Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison atop the Democratic National Committee, Sanders has relied more on Our Revolution, the political vehicle spawned from his campaign — and run by his campaign manager — that still holds his vaunted email list, to spread his message. And he’s launched a popular Facebook Live talk show out of his Senate office: the late February episode featuring Bill Nye, The Science Guy, has racked up over 1.7 million views.
Sanders’ moves have been the most public-facing, a luxury he is afforded by being in the out-of-power party. The most active among the Republican 2016 hopefuls have had to take a different tack, either joining or allying with the new administration — like Housing Secretary Ben Carson, Energy Secretary Rick Perry, or others like New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie — or quietly crafting their own distinctive role in the midterms.
Among the most active early on has been Rubio, who at 45 still has a long career in Republican politics ahead of him and political debts to repay. 
“Marco’s political priority will be to help all the candidates that helped him when he was running for president,” explained Alex Conant, a longtime senior Rubio aide.
Former Hewlett-Packard executive Carly Fiorina could have a more direct impact on 2018 — she is actively considering a challenge to Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine, Hillary Clinton’s running mate, after being the focus of rumors about the Republican National Committee chair role prior to Trump’s election. Scott Walker and Ted Cruz, meanwhile, have used their national profiles to jump-start fundraising for their 2018 reelection bids.
While Walker — who is leading the Republican Governors Association’s efforts this cycle — does not yet have a prominent opponent, Democratic Rep. Beto O’Rourke announced Friday he’ll challenge Cruz. The day O’Rourke announced his bid, Cruz went on an online fundraising spree, bringing in two times more than any other day this year, he told backers in a subsequent email.
The most intriguing GOP moves have come from Kasich, who is exiting the Ohio governorship next year. The prominent Trump critic is expected to stay away from the looming gubernatorial and senatorial races in his home state, but he will return to New Hampshire — where he finished second in the 2016 primary — later this month to plug a book about lessons from the campaign. He is keeping his political operation active as he travels the country drawing contrasts with the president, often on national television.
The only Democratic 2016 hopeful with a travel schedule more active than Kasich's is O’Malley, who has made no secret of his potential interest in pursuing the presidency again in 2020 — a contrast with the Ohioan's denials. The former Maryland governor has returned to Iowa repeatedly while frequently traveling to other states like Delaware and Nebraska, and soon Georgia, on behalf of Democrats running in local races.
Yet he hasn’t drawn as much buzz as Joe Biden, the former vice president who came close to running in 2016 but stopped short. Just days after telling an audience in New York he could have won the White House had he run, the two-time presidential candidate raised eyebrows by agreeing to appear at a New Hampshire Democratic Party fundraising dinner in Manchester later this month. When Biden didn’t turn up at a similar event in 2015, it was taken as a big signal that he wasn’t going to run the next year.
With Clinton not expected to pursue another run after falling short twice, Monday’s development was widely greeted with similar curiosity.



ARTICLE
The mood was light when President Barack Obama’s former national security adviser Susan Rice took a stage in mid-January with President Donald Trump’s incoming successor, Michael Flynn. Rather than pass a baton to Flynn, she said, she should give him a case of Red Bull.
But Rice later struck a sober note for the audience of foreign policy insiders. Noting the many threats facing America, Rice said: “Gen. Flynn, I am rooting for you.”
Story Continued Below
Now, conservatives are accusing Rice of actively undermining him — by misusing her authority to sabotage Flynn, who was out of the job in less than a month.
Several news outlets reported this week that while Rice was in the White House, she requested that the names of Trump transition team officials be “unmasked” in some intelligence reports. Americans whose communications are incidentally captured in surveillance of foreign persons are generally not named unless there is a specific request to reveal their identities.
Flynn’s name was reportedly among those unmasked, and later leaked to the media, revealing contacts he had with the Russian ambassador in December, which cost him his job after it became clear he had misrepresented them to fellow White House officials.
Conservative critics have suggested Rice sought the identities of officials on Trump’s transition team for political purposes, something Rice flatly denied on Tuesday. “The allegation is that, somehow, Obama administration officials utilized intelligence for political purposes,” Rice told MSNBC’s Andrea Mitchell. “That’s absolutely false.”
Her denial did nothing to slow the gathering wave of outrage in conservative media outlets. Her face appeared for much of the day on Fox News, Breitbart and other right-leaning outlets — with a big assist from Trump, who retweeted a morning Drudge Report headline that read, “RICE ORDERED SPY DOCS ON TRUMP?”
Rice became a household name on the right after she argued in a series of television appearances in the days immediately after the September 2012 Benghazi attacks, in which the American ambassador to Libya and three other Americans were killed, that the episode was not an instance of Islamic terrorism. Rice, who was later accused of trying to engineer a cover-up, said she was relying on the best available information at the time.
The blowback cost Rice an expected nomination to be secretary of state after Hillary Clinton stepped down following the 2012 election.
In mid-2014, Republicans piled on again after Rice said in an interview that Bowe Bergdahl, a U.S. soldier who was found to have been captured by the Taliban after he deserted his post in Afghanistan, had served “with honor and distinction.”
Rice is “the Typhoid Mary of the Obama administration foreign policy,” said Sen. Tom Cotton (R-Ark.) in a Tuesday interview with the conservative talk radio host Hugh Hewitt. “Every time something went wrong, she seemed to turn up in the middle of it,” Cotton added, citing Benghazi and “many of the other fiascos of the Obama administration.”
Speaking on Fox News, Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.), who called on Rice to resign over her Bergdahl comment, said she had a record of “political manipulation of national security information.”
By midafternoon, at least five stories on the home page of Breitbart News, formerly edited by White House senior counselor Steve Bannon, were largely or entirely about Rice. One was titled “5 Susan Rice Scandal Facts Every American Must Know” and included the header: “Susan Rice was the driving force behind a misinformation campaign about the Sept. 11, 2012, Benghazi terror attacks.”
Democrats call the focus on Rice a White House-engineered diversion to distract attention from multiple investigations into the Trump campaign’s alleged connections with the Kremlin, which interfered in the 2016 presidential election.
Some note that Rice seems to provoke an unusually intense reaction among her critics.
“It’s funny how Susan Rice doing her job is the subject of eternal controversy,” Loren D. Schulman, a former senior aide to Rice at the White House, tweeted on Monday. “Why is that, one wonders.”
Unmasking the name of an American incidentally caught up in foreign surveillance is not illegal, although leaking such a name would be.
“The notion that … some people are trying to suggest, that by asking for the identity of an American person, that is the same as leaking it, is completely false,” Rice said in her MSNBC interview. “There’s no equivalence between so-called unmasking and leaking. The effort to ask for the identity of the American citizen is necessary to understand the importance of an intelligence report in some instances.”
Rice’s defenders note that even as national security adviser, she did not have the power to unmask a name from an intelligence report on her own. She could only request that the originating intelligence agency do so, requiring officials at that agency to sign off. They also cited reports that Rice’s name was in logs showing intelligence reports she had accessed and names she had sought to unmask as evidence that Rice had not done anything improper.
Senate Intelligence Chairman Richard Burr on Tuesday would not rule out the possibility of requesting an interview with Rice as part of his panel’s investigation into Russia’s meddling in the presidential election.
“If there is intelligence that leads to a reason for us to look at Susan Rice, then we’ll do it,” the North Carolina Republican told reporters. “Whether it’s Susan Rice or anybody, if there is intelligence that leads to some value at bringing them in, inviting them in for an interview, then we’ll have them in.”
Sen. John Cornyn of Texas, the Senate’s No. 2 Republican and a member of the intelligence panel, said he wanted Rice to come before the committee, saying, “It sounds to me like she has some information that would be pertinent to the investigation.”
The committee is now scheduling an initial 20 interviews with witnesses, starting with intelligence officials. The panel’s top Democrat, Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia, said Tuesday that Rice was not among the initial planned witnesses.
Flynn’s name was first leaked in connection with Russia-related surveillance two days after he and Rice appeared together at an event hosted by the U.S. Institute for Peace focused on the presidential transition. Subsequent leaks made clear that Flynn had misrepresented and downplayed the nature of his contacts with the Russian ambassador to Washington, Sergey Kislyak. Flynn resigned late Feb. 13.
Asked by MSNBC’s Mitchell whether she was responsible for Flynn’s downfall, Rice firmly denied it: “I leaked nothing to nobody and never have and never would.”
Madeline Conway and Austin Wright contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
Conservatives’ latest Obamacare repeal proposal amounts to a sneak attack on one of the health care law’s most popular safeguards for people with pre-existing conditions. 
White House officials and members of the House Freedom Caucus are discussing giving states the option of a waiver from a key Obamacare protection — called community rating — as part of their last-ditch effort to revive the repeal effort. 
Story Continued Below
The new proposal would essentially give lawmakers the cover to argue they are protecting people with pre-existing conditions while creating a framework that enables state officials to gut those very protections. 
Community rating is a wonky term for barring insurers from charging sick people more than healthy individuals for the same insurance policy. Without it, the health law's popular pre-existing conditions provision is meaningless. 
That makes community rating the unassuming but powerful little cousin of the law’s ban on denying coverage to people with pre-existing conditions. That bars insurers from denying coverage while community rating bars them from charging those people more. 
Without community rating, for instance, insurers could theoretically charge a healthy person $100 per month for a health plan and a sick person $10,000 per month for the same coverage. 
“It is probably the most powerful protection for people with pre-existing conditions in the ACA,” said Larry Levitt, a senior vice president at the Kaiser Family Foundation. “Guaranteed access to insurance without any rules [about what it would cost] means protections for people with pre-existing conditions are completely illusory.” 
The back-door assault on the pre-existing conditions ban is noteworthy because many Republicans, including President Donald Trump, have said they want to preserve the protection. 
“You're going to see preexisting conditions, but the price will be down, and the insurance companies can pay,” Trump said last year. “Yes, they will keep preexisting conditions, and that would be a great thing. Get rid of Obamacare, we'll come up with new plans. But, we should keep preexisting conditions.” 
Advocates of the idea to make community rating optional — including conservative groups such as Heritage Action — say they want to reduce Washington mandates on health insurance plans and drive down premiums. If community rating is eliminated, healthy people would probably see their premiums go down and sick people would pay more. 
Moderate Republicans, who were concerned the Obamacare repeal plan would threaten coverage for people already enrolled in the ACA, are already balking at the idea, according to several moderates. 
“I have seen nothing in terms of reported possible changes to American Health Care Act warranting reconsideration,” Frank LoBiondo (R-N.J.) tweeted soon after a Republican conference meeting Tuesday morning “I remain a NO.”
Other pieces of Obamacare’s “Title 1” insurance protections are also on the table. No decisions have been made about which would be optional. But so far, pre-existing conditions and the requirement that young adults can stay on their parents plan through age 26 won’t be optional, Republican sources say. 
The proposal would put pressure on governors to decide whether to suspend community rating. Republicans, in particular, might be unhappy to be confronted by a Sophie’s choice: repeal an Obamacare provision and risk premium hikes for older, sicker people, or keep it and risk being labeled an Obamacare supporter. 
House Republican leaders are taking pains to portray the community rating option as exploratory.
“These are ongoing talks,” Speaker Paul Ryan said Tuesday. “We want our members to talk with each other about how we can improve the bill to get consensus. Those productive talks are happening. We’re at the concept stages right now.” 
The Senate is even more skeptical of a plan coming together. 
“God bless ‘em,” Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn said of the news the House is reviving the Obamacare repeal effort. “I think they got a way to go. I heard the speaker talk about ‘conceptual.’ They were at concepts. So they got a ways to go but if they send a bill we’ll take it up.” 
Seung Min Kim contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
With his administration still staggering from the demise of an Obamacare replacement bill, President Donald Trump counted his victories Tuesday amid a recalibration to get his plans back on track.
“We’re getting unbelievable credit for what we’ve done, other than the mainstream media, which just gives us no credit whatsoever,” Trump said. “But we are getting tremendous credit.”
Story Continued Below
Trump didn’t specify during a town hall with CEOs where such credit is coming from, but the president boasted about withdrawing from the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement and clearing the way for the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines as he ascribed the successes of steady job creation, increased consumer confidence, fewer “job-killing regulations,” a decline in the U.S. trade deficit and a reduction in illegal border crossings to his administration.
“These and so many other achievements have defined our first 10 weeks in office,” Trump told a crowd of members of North America’s Building Trades Unions on Tuesday afternoon at the Washington Hilton.
Trump returned to the type of jampacked schedule Tuesday that came to define the early days of his administration, hosting a town hall of CEOs and engaging with the crowd of union members. He maintained his bold promises to spur infrastructure spending and slash regulation for American businesses, reveling in cheers from supporters.
“Just look at the amazing talent assembled here. We have ironworkers, insulators,” Trump began, shouting out categories of workers one by one for more applause and singling out groups whose cheer “wasn’t that good.”
He didn’t have to go far to get re-engaged. “I love that it’s in Washington,” the president quipped. “Because I don’t have to travel very far. Worked out pretty well, I have to tell you. Five minutes.”
In addition to speaking publicly twice outside the White House, Trump held individual meetings Tuesday with Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson, Rep. Dana Rohrabacher (R-Calif.) and Northern Mariana Islands Gov. Ralph Torres.
Trump made no mention of health care reform during his public remarks, nor did he address the chemical weapons attack in Syria. (White House press secretary Sean Spicer did touch on the latter during a gaggle with reporters, calling Tuesday’s attack “reprehensible,” and Trump later issued a written statement.)
But Trump said his proposed trillion-dollar infrastructure plan could be “perhaps even more” and added that his administration is “absolutely destroying” business regulations imposed over the past 20 or so years.
“We’re gonna do a very major haircut on Dodd-Frank,” Trump said, referring to the Obama-era financial regulations signed into law in 2010 after the financial crisis.
“We’re gonna be able to get rid of 90, 95 percent of [regulations] and still have the same kind of protection,” he added, without explaining how.
He did, however, explain once more his path to victory on Election Day, reveling in his months-old wins as he recounted battleground and blue states he turned red.
“We ran the coast, and if you don’t run it, you can’t win,” Trump said. “Huge disadvantage. The Electoral College is very, very tough — they say almost impossible for a Republican to win. But I had the support of, I would say — I would say almost everybody in this room. We had tremendous — we had tremendous support.”
Trump, who has already applied to trademark his reelection slogan (“Keep America Great!”), predicted his administration will “have a great four years,” lowering his microphone only to raise it back up within seconds to add an important caveat: “Prior to running again.”
The president was more optimistic about the ultimate length of his presidency at his second appearance, promising that Americans will hear the phrases “buy American” and “hire American” both “in the very near future” and “over the next seven and three-quarters years, meaning eight years.”
“And that’s not just a slogan. It’s a promise, believe me,” Trump said. “That’s a promise. The era of economic surrender has come to an end. It’s come to an end. We have surrendered as a country to outside interests. The era of economic victory for our country has just begun. You will see.”



ARTICLE
Just last week, top aides to President Donald Trump declared that ousting Bashar Assad from power is no longer a priority for the United States, calling the Syrian strongman’s continued rule a “political reality” that needs to be accepted.
Now, reports of a deadly chemical weapons attack in Syria have brought home another reality: priority or not, Assad still poses a political problem for Trump, and it's one that won’t simply vanish by blaming former President Barack Obama. 
Story Continued Below
As accounts filtered in Tuesday of dozens dead from the gassing, Trump slammed Assad, while Secretary of State Rex Tillerson demanded that Russia and Iran, Assad's primary backers, rein him in. But there was no solid indication that the U.S. would do anything substantial to retaliate aside from escalating its rhetoric. 
Republicans, Democrats and even some foreign leaders blasted the Trump team for words and actions they said had emboldened Assad. Some critics also asked whether, by publicly stating it will accept Assad's rule, the White House had given away a critical piece of leverage in the struggling international effort to bring peace to Syria.
“Bashar Assad and his friends, that is, his friends, the Russians, take note of what Americans say,” GOP Sen. John McCain of Arizona told CNN. “I'm sure they are encouraged to know the United States is withdrawing and seeking some kind of a new arrangement with the Russians. And it is another disgraceful chapter in American history, and it was predictable.”
Wa’el Alzayat, a former senior policy adviser on Iraq and Syria in the Obama administration, said public assurances that Assad could keep power were exactly what the Syrian regime, the Russians and the Iranians “have been seeking for years.”
“It’s unfortunate that we declared this publicly,” Alzayat said. “Why do that when we could have been gaining some concessions from them in return for Assad staying?”
The latest chemical weapons attack, if confirmed, would be one of the deadliest such attacks of the six-year-long Syrian civil war. 
The toxic gas was delivered, apparently by a government airstrike, in Idlib province, killing dozens including children. According to media reports, an airstrike hit a clinic treating some of the victims a few hours later. The Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, which has a working relationship with the United Nations, said it is trying to gather details about the attacks. There are strong suspicions sarin gas was used.
In a statement, Trump called the attacks “reprehensible” but then quickly pivoted to blaming Obama. “These heinous actions by the Bashar al-Assad regime are a consequence of the past administration’s weakness and irresolution,” the president said.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer insisted the administration wasn't sending mixed messages on Assad's future, but rather realistic ones. "There is not a fundamental option of regime change as there has been in the past," Spicer said, though it wasn't clear exactly to what time he was referring. 
At the same time, Spicer held out the possibility the U.S., in concert with allies, could take some unspecified "action" in response to the chemical attack, even as he said that Trump won't "telegraph what we're going to do." 
But with Russia holding a veto at the U.N. Security Council, and little appetite in the United States for militarily intervening in the fight between Assad and rebels trying to oust him, it's not clear what will be done. 

“Assad will get away with murder as he has been doing since March 2011,” predicted Randa Slim, a Syria expert with the Middle East Institute.
Foreign policy analysts echoed Spicer's criticism of Obama, noting that the former president failed to take military action against Assad even after the Syrian leader violated the U.S. president’s 2012 “red line” by using chemical weapons. Trump himself taunted Obama over the episode, though he also tweeted that the former president shouldn't bomb Syria.
But even Obama critics acknowledged that the previous administration helped orchestrate a 2013 deal to remove much of Assad’s chemical weapons stockpile — and, unlike the Trump team, Obama never publicly abandoned demands that Assad relinquish power.
U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley said last Thursday that America’s “priority is no longer to sit there and focus on getting Assad out.” Tillerson, at a separate event, said, "I think the status and the longer-term status of President Assad will be decided by the Syrian people."
The following day, Spicer said that “with respect to Assad, there is a political reality that we have to accept.” He added that defeating the Islamic State terrorist group is a more important priority than getting rid of Assad, which, again, was also effectively the case for the Obama administration.
Elliott Abrams, who oversaw U.S. Middle East policy under President George W. Bush, suggested that, politically speaking, Trump still has some room to maneuver in its response to the latest chemical weapons strike.
“The excuse the Trump administration has for inaction is that it is new, and this is the first chemical attack since January 20th,” the day Trump took office, Abrams wrote in an email. “At the very least there should be a warning to Assad that this is unacceptable and that there will be an American military reaction if it happens again.” 
Trump administration officials have made it clear they consider Assad a butcher responsible for many of the estimated half-million deaths in the Syrian war. And Haley has in the past spoken out against Russia’s refusal to allow the U.N. to punish Syria over recent chemical weapons attacks, many of which involved chlorine gas.
In a rare public statement, Tillerson took on Russia as well as Iran, saying that they "should have no illusions about Assad or his intentions."
"We call upon Russia and Iran, yet again, to exercise their influence over the Syrian regime and to guarantee that this sort of horrific attack never happens again," the secretary of state said. "As the self-proclaimed guarantors to the ceasefire negotiated in Astana, Russia and Iran also bear great moral responsibility for these deaths."
Such rhetoric largely echoes that of the Obama administration, which nonetheless found itself unable to move either the Kremlin or Tehran to sideline the Syrian autocrat, whom those countries consider a key ally.
The Trump administration’s apparent willingness to accept Assad’s continued rule has fed suspicions that Trump is searching for ways to accommodate Russia, a sensitive subject in Washington. U.S. intelligence agencies believe Russia interfered in the 2016 election to help Trump, and the FBI is looking into Trump campaign aides’ contacts with Russians. The White House has denied wrongdoing and the president has questioned the validity of the intelligence assessments.
The White House has indicated it wants to work with Russia to help eliminate the Islamic State, but many former officials and analysts say that’s a fool’s errand, especially if the ongoing fight against the terrorist group provides a distraction for the U.S. that keeps it off Assad's back. Experts on the region say Assad's fight against various rebels trying to overthrow him has helped fuel the Islamic State's existence.
The Trump administration’s stance on Assad also poses a challenge on another front: It could embolden the Iranians while disheartening America’s Arab allies who view Tehran as a threat to their power. The shift in dynamics could also affect U.S. relationships with other partners, many of whom despise Assad and have long called for his ouster, but who also are well aware of the realities on the ground.
Reacting to the reports of the chemical attack, British Prime Minister Theresa May said: "I'm very clear that there can be no future for Assad in a stable Syria which is representative of all the Syrian people, and I call on all the third parties involved to ensure that we have a transition away from Assad."
But her foreign secretary, Boris Johnson, took a slightly less definitive approach, saying, "It is unbelievable to think that in the long term, Bashar Assad can play a part in the future of Syria." Phrases such as "long term" are often pointed to by Syria experts as indicating Western leaders are willing to let Assad hang on for a while.
Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlüt Çavuşoğlu, meanwhile, used Twitter to make a veiled jab at the Trump team’s recently stated views.
“Those saying Syrian people will decide Assad's future: no people will remain if attacks continue,” Çavuşoğlu wrote.
Louis Nelson and Matthew Nussbaum contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
The White House will soon make available to Congress controversial intelligence reports that it has portrayed as evidence of surveillance abuses by the Obama administration, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee said Tuesday.
The documents will be made available to the full House and Senate Intelligence panels, Rep. Adam Schiff said in a statement. The California Democrat called the move “long overdue and follows an inexplicable series of events in which the White House played a role in selectively and surreptitiously providing the documents to our chairman.”
Story Continued Below
Schiff visited the White House on Friday to view the classified documents, which until then had been made available only to House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes (R-Calif.).
Nunes set off a firestorm last month when he announced he had been shown evidence by an unnamed source that Trump transition aides might have been improperly monitored following November’s presidential election. He went to the White House later that day to brief President Donald Trump on what he had seen.
It was later revealed that Nunes had seen the materials during a late-night trip to the White House grounds and that his sources were high-ranking White House officials — leading Democrats to question why he needed to brief Trump on materials provided to him by some of the president's top national security aides.
“If the White House had any concerns over these documents, or any other documents, they should have provided them to our committee weeks ago,” Schiff said in his statement. “Additionally, the White House has yet to explain why it attempted to conceal its role in the compilation of these materials. The White House is not a whistleblower and nothing that I was shown justifies such duplicitous conduct.”
He said he would not comment on the content of the materials, noting they are classified.
The Senate Intelligence Committee responded to an invitation by the White House last week for its chairman and ranking member to come view the documents by asking that the documents instead be delivered to a secure location in the Capitol.
In his statement, Schiff also blasted any attempt to conflate the possible incidental collection of materials on Trump transition aides with what Trump described in a Tweet last month as an order by President Barack Obama to wiretap Trump Tower.
Trump’s wiretap claim has since been debunked by FBI Director James Comey and other officials.
“Whenever we are doing lawful surveillance for the purpose of gathering foreign intelligence and the targets even mention U.S. persons or businesses, that can be considered ‘incidental collection,’” Schiff said. “Of course, incidental collection can also occur when a foreign party we are lawfully collecting on calls or writes to a U.S. person. Some incidental collection is unavoidable, and as long as proper procedures are being followed, it is fully lawful. It does not constitute either wiretapping or surveillance of Americans.”



ARTICLE
The Trump administration has hired the former executive director of the Louisiana Republican Party whose name turned up on a list of accounts released in the 2015 hack of the cheating website Ashley Madison.
Jason Doré started on Monday as assistant chief counsel for external affairs for the Small Business Administration’s Office of Advocacy, he confirmed to POLITICO on Monday. His office advocates on behalf of small businesses to the federal government and helps address concerns about regulations that may impact small businesses.
Story Continued Below
In 2015, Doré told the New Orleans Times-Picayune he used the Ashley Madison site for opposition research. He said on Monday he stood by that explanation. He told POLITICO the incident “really never came up” in his recent job interviews.
“I addressed it at the time. It’s not a secret,” he said of the episode.
Doré remained executive director of the state party, and when he resigned on Friday he was the longest-serving executive director of a Republican state party in the country, he said. 
The SBA’s advocacy office, where Doré will work, did not respond to a request for comment, and an SBA spokesman did not comment because the advocacy office is "a separate, independent office." The White House said Doré was not a political hire from the Presidential Personnel Office and did not comment further. 
The 2015 Ashley Madison hack led to the leak of millions of email addresses for users, including government officials and business executives, registered on the site. Doré told the Times-Picayune that he used his account, which was created in his name in 2013 and used his former personal credit card billing address, for legal work at his firm, Doré Jeansonne. Doré, a graduate of Louisiana State University and LSU law school, spent $175.98 on the site, the paper said.
“As the state’s leading opposition research firm, our law office routinely searches public records, online databases and websites of all types to provide clients with comprehensive reports,” Doré told the paper at the time. “Unfortunately, it ended up being a waste of money and time.”
During his time leading the Louisiana GOP, Doré said the party made gains in the U.S. Congress and state legislature. “We won majorities on the Supreme Court and the state Board of Education and the Public Service Commission, all first-time things, and defeated Mary Landrieu, which was a big deal,” he told POLITICO.



ARTICLE
When Neil Gorsuch is confirmed to the Supreme Court this week, Mitch McConnell will clinch a place in history after pulling off one of the most audacious gambles in modern political history.
Whether he’ll be regarded as a hero or a villain depends almost entirely on which side of the aisle one is on.
Story Continued Below
The immediate payoff to the Republican Party is enormous and indisputable, starting, of course, with another staunch conservative on the court who could remain there for decades. But Republicans also credit McConnell with saving the Senate majority and electing President Donald Trump, by giving traditional conservative voters a powerful motivator to turn out for a nominee they were less than enthused about.
“He’s a big believer in the prerogatives of the Senate,” said Sen. John Thune of South Dakota, a member of McConnell’s leadership team. “Mitch’s handling of all these issues when it comes to the courts is something that I’m sure will be studied probably down the road.”
McConnell’s critics, though, said what he’ll really be remembered for is the lasting damage he did to the institution. His expected move this week to blow up Senate rules so Supreme Court justices can be approved by a simple majority could well produce a more polarized and ideologically pure high court over time. It takes the Senate down a similar path.
“Merrick Garland is how he’ll be remembered, violating 230 years of Senate tradition to create this unholy mess we’re facing,” said Senate Minority Whip Dick Durbin (D-Ill.).
Belying his reputation for caution, McConnell has revolutionized Senate tactics, stretching his wide-ranging power as party leader to turn once-routine confirmation votes and legislative exercises into trench warfare. Republicans blame Democrats for using the filibuster routinely during the presidency of George W. Bush and launching the first major rules change since 2013, but there is no doubt McConnell has weaponized the Senate rules in a manner that is certain to alter the chamber for years to come.
When Barack Obama was president and McConnell was deep in the minority, he used dilatory techniques and GOP unity to deny the Democratic president wins. Even after former Majority Leader Harry Reid gutted the filibuster and unilaterally confirmed dozens of liberal-leaning judges and several Cabinet members, McConnell often delayed them as much as he could. Once McConnell took the majority, he used his power as Senate leader to slow confirmation of lower-level judges to a trickle and block Garland from even receiving a hearing to set the table for a GOP makeover if Republicans won in 2016.
And Republicans never paid an electoral price for McConnell’s actions, emboldening Democrats to meet McConnell with a historic partisan filibuster to deny Gorsuch the 60 votes he needs to advance. Even Reid had to pay grudging respect to McConnell’s shrewdness after the election, recalling in an interview last year that he told McConnell on the Senate floor: “Mitch, I disagreed with how you did it, but it’s admirable that you did it.”
McConnell is planning to escalate things further by making high-court nominees subject to a simple majority requirement to jam through Gorsuch, a significant change that will both dilute the minority party’s leverage and empower presidents to select justices with no bipartisan appeal.
“We’ll end up with a Supreme Court that has far more extreme justices on both sides of the aisle,” said Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.), who worries the Senate is being ruined. “On our side of the aisle it’s being sold as a badge of honor right now, as a great thing. And that’s what I’ve been railing about.”
McConnell has no regrets about blocking Garland or creating the Senate's current predicament. 
"We were right in the middle of a presidential election year. Everybody knew that neither side, had the shoe been on the other foot, would have filled it," he told NBC's "Meet the Press" on Sunday. "But that has nothing to do with what we're voting on" now.
Still, McConnell’s decision to block Obama from filling the seat made many Republican senators uncomfortable. The most infamous moment was when Sen. Jerry Moran (R-Kan.) said in March 2016 that Garland should be considered and the “process should go forward.” He was immediately savaged by conservatives and threatened with a primary challenge by former Rep. Mike Pompeo (R-Kan.). 
Moran quickly walked back his statement and now admits McConnell's strategy paid off. 
“In my view, Judge Gorsuch is such a quality nominee that the end result is something that’s of great value to the country,” Moran said.
When McConnell announced within hours of Antonin Scalia’s death that the Senate would not take up a replacement until after the election, it was not viewed as an obvious call. Democrats said they would capitalize by knocking off vulnerable incumbents who fell in line behind the GOP leader. And as 2016 dragged on, it appeared McConnell would gain nothing more than a delay, as top officials in both parties believed Hillary Clinton would beat Trump and Democrats would retake the Senate majority.
Now, several Republican senators say they likely would have lost the Senate and the White House without a Supreme Court vacancy on the line to bring reluctant conservatives around for Trump and GOP incumbents. Asked whether the GOP would be in power without McConnell’s move, Sen. Roy Blunt (R-Mo.) responded: “No. I think it was critically important to voters.”
“It’s distinctly possible that that was a game changer, yes,” said Sen. Roger Wicker of Mississippi, who ran the GOP's campaign arm in 2016. “It’s one thing to say there are future nominations that may be at stake. It’s quite another to say there’s a vacancy there and you can vote on Nov. 8 to decide.”
Trump won the election by tipping three Rust Belt states his way by margins small enough that Republicans believe the Supreme Court vacancy was a determining factor. Republicans “would have felt betrayed" had McConnell allowed Obama to fill the high-court seat, said Sen. Pat Toomey (R-Pa.), who narrowly won reelection.
“It almost certainly made the difference in the president’s race in Pennsylvania,” Toomey said. 
McConnell blames Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York, now the Democratic minority leader, for beginning the partisan firefight when he tried to launch a filibuster of high-court nominee Samuel Alito in 2006. But now Schumer is using much of McConnell’s strategy against him: Democrats have drawn out the confirmation of Trump’s Cabinet selections to a historic degree. If Democrats dig in, they could delay hundreds of sub-Cabinet nominees for months, if not years. 
Democrats say McConnell’s reputation will be forever tarnished if he deploys the “nuclear option” to unilaterally kill the filibuster’s 60-vote requirement for high court nominees.
“He’s got some decisions ahead of him. And that could profoundly alter the way he’s perceived afterwards,” said Sen. Tammy Baldwin (D-Wis.).
In the short term, though, there’s nothing Democrats can do to stop McConnell short of taking back the Senate in 2018 — a near-impossibility. More likely, the party's next shot to strike back is defeating Trump in 2020.
Just as he raised the stakes in the 2016 election, McConnell might well do the same for future elections. After the rules change, it's possible that the only way for Supreme Court nominees to be confirmed will be when one party controls both the White House and Senate.
Many Republicans are plainly uncomfortable with what Reid, McConnell and Schumer have wrought in bringing the Senate closer to a majority-rule institution. But given how much heat the GOP took in 2016 over McConnell’s stance and the importance of the Supreme Court vacancy to Republican voters, they believe they have no option but to finish what the GOP leader started in February 2016. 
“Our base wants him confirmed,” said a dour Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), “and would not understand if we did not get him confirmed.”
Elana Schor contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
PALM BEACH, Fla. — Mar-a-Lago will finally fulfill its founder’s vision as a presidential summit retreat when a Chinese delegation arrives Thursday for two days of contentious talks on everything from currency to North Korea. 
The South Florida seaside resort offers President Donald Trump a laid-back setting for his first in-person meeting with the leader of a country he bashed throughout the 2016 campaign and recently targeted with executive orders designed to cut the U.S. trade deficit. 
Story Continued Below
Trump has the home-field advantage by hosting Chinese President Xi Jinping, but he’s also facing a big early test trying to mix his brash and spontaneous personality with the charm and ambiance of a glitzy Trump-branded private club — an unusual venue to fight a battle he’s pinned much of his presidency on. 
Past American chief executives charmed Chinese leaders with beer, barbecue and celebrity chefs, inviting them to their personal homes and historic estates. Trump being Trump, his initial meeting with a fellow leader of a global superpower means they’re likely to be surrounded by dues-paying members, daily bridge games and, if the club’s weekly dinner menu stays the same, a Thursday night all-you-can-eat roast beef buffet. 
“The idea at the core of this strikes a smart tone,” said David Wade, who served as chief of staff to Secretary of State John Kerry. “In both American and Chinese culture, to welcome someone into your home as your guest is a sign of great respect. In principle, it’s a deeply meaningful gesture. But in practice, it requires a lot of work and a little bit of luck to make it a success.” 
Wade, who helped Kerry prepare for a 2013 U.S-China presidential summit at the Sunnylands estate in Southern California, said Trump’s team must navigate the challenges of scheduling a free-form two-day meeting with the Chinese, where ad-libbed diplomacy can easily backfire. 
“There’s typically a suspicion among the Chinese delegation that westerners can use a spontaneous one-on-one walk or pull-aside as a gambit to gain some advantage and veer off script,” he said. “You have to build trust first. Otherwise American-style spontaneity breaks a lot of crystal glasses instead of breaking the ice.” 
Xi’s visit to Mar-a-Lago won’t involve the same pomp that accompanied Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s February visit. For one thing, Trump and his guest won’t be golfing. The Chinese leader isn’t known to play, and the ruling Communist Party back in Beijing has likened the sport to indulgent eating and drinking and urged its members to stay off the links. 
There also won’t be the trappings of a Saturday night at Mar-a-Lago, when charity galas and other events mean hundreds of additional guests pack the beachfront property. After Trump’s dinner with Abe, which got sidetracked when its participants were forced to respond to a North Korean missile test, the two leaders crashed a wedding. 
While more than 2,500 Asian-Americans, including many Trump supporters, are planning to greet Xi upon his arrival in South Florida, it’s not clear whether the Chinese should expect a larger cultural exchange. When Abe came to Florida, his wife accompanied first lady Melania Trump at a nearby botanical Japanese garden. 
“We really lucked out on that one,” said Steve Abrams, a Trump-supporting Palm Beach County commissioner. “We can’t offer an attraction to the leaders of every country.” 
Without even leaving Mar-a-Lago, Trump and Xi will have chances to forge connections. Xi’s wife, Peng Liyuan, is a fashion-savvy former professional singer who will make for a much-watched pairing alongside the first lady. And Ivanka Trump’s 5-year-old daughter Arabella is a viral sensation in China after her mother posted an Instagram video of her singing a New Year’s greeting in Mandarin. 
Trump’s longtime friends and club members say just getting the new president away from Washington will be beneficial for the Chinese. 
“If I was a foreign leader who wanted to really connect with Donald Trump and get to know the real president of the United States, I’d meet him here rather than in Washington,” said Chris Ruddy, a conservative media publisher and Mar-a-Lago member. “This is his natural environment. He’s very relaxed. He has time to focus.” 
The Trump-Xi summit will have plenty of substantive policy topics, starting with North Korea’s recent missile tests and the country’s long-stated intention to build nuclear weapons. China, meantime, has warned of a nuclear arms race in response to Washington’s deployment of a controversial antimissile defense system in South Korea. China has also expressed alarm over a Trump administration plan to sell U.S. weapons to Taiwan, and the two countries have jousted over China’s placement of military installations on several newly constructed small islands in the South China Sea. 
On the economic front, Trump’s presidential campaign centered around an “America First” message that was aimed directly at Beijing. He threatened repeatedly during his improbable 2016 run to impose a 45 percent tariff on Chinese imports. Fact-checkers, meantime, repeatedly debunked the Republican for saying China still manipulated its currency. 
Last week, Trump ratcheted up the rhetoric on Twitter, saying his meeting with Xi “will be a very difficult one in that we can no longer have massive trade deficits … and job losses. American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives.” 
The Trump administration has shown willingness to save face with China. After Trump broke with more than 35 years of U.S. policy shortly after his election by engaging with Taiwan, he called Xi to offer reassurance that the United States still backs the “one China” policy of recognizing a single Chinese government in Beijing. 
During a recent visit to China, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson drew criticism for echoing a Chinese Communist Party slogan when he vowed the U.S. and China have “a very positive relationship built on non-conflict, non-confrontation, mutual respect and always searching for win-win solutions.” 
Trump’s more blustery stances on China need to have some backbone, otherwise he could weaken his standing in the long run, said Laura Rosenberger, a former senior official in Obama’s National Security Council. 
“One of the worst things you can do with the Chinese is do empty chest-beating tough rhetoric and then in practice be extraordinary in your accommodation. What the Chinese see is not strength. They see total weakness,” she said. 
By inviting Xi to Mar-a-Lago — giving the Chinese a powerful photo opportunity that will go over well back home – Rosenberger said Trump is presented with a big opening to force concessions on the policies he’s pursuing. 
“He has the protocol to trade for the substance and the real question is, does he have a strategy to do it?” she said. 
Past high-profile Chinese diplomatic missions to the U.S. have involved a mix of American culture and substance. In 1979, the Chinese delegation drank beer and leader Deng Xiaoping wore a cowboy hat during a visit to a Texas rodeo. In 2002, President George W. Bush drove Chinese President Jiang Zemin around his Crawford, Texas, ranch in a pickup truck and they lunched on fried catfish, barbecue brisket and pork ribs amid talks of their unified opposition to North Korea’s claim it was building nuclear weapons. 
At Sunnylands, Obama hosted Xi just three months into the Chinese leader’s presidency. The get-to-know-you session included celebrity chef Bobby Flay preparing Porterhouse steaks and lobster tamales and a morning outdoor walk in long sleeves despite nearly 100-degree desert temperatures. 
“That’s not where we are now nor what Mar-a-Lago is about for either side,” said Ely Ratner, who served as deputy national security adviser to Vice President Joe Biden. “For Xi, it’s mainly a photo op and a prestige play. He also wants to temper the more hawkish voices in the administration. For Trump, it’s a chance to take the measure of Xi and see if he’s willing to bend more on North Korea and economic issues.” 
Trump also must overcome skepticism that a club like Mar-a-Lago is a smart location to conduct foreign policy. 
“I do know in the past an ideal setting for real serious negotiations has been Camp David,” Sen. John McCain, chairman of the Armed Services Committee, said in an interview. Asked about Trump preparing his response to the North Korea missile test in front of dues-paying club members, McCain replied, “If you live long enough,” then he walked away. 
Trump has plenty of private places at Mar-a-Lago to conduct talks with Xi. But he also can’t exactly shut down his club easily, either. While members told Politico that all dinner reservations for Thursday night are booked up, they still expect they’ll have access to at least part of the grounds while the world leaders are there. 
Back during the campaign, Trump promised that his first get-together with China wouldn’t be formal. “I’d get him a McDonald’s hamburger, and I’d say we gotta get down to work because you can’t continue to devalue,” he said during an August 2015 appearance on “The O’Reilly Factor,” as Obama was preparing to host Xi for a State Dinner at the White House. 
But fast food is probably not what’s on the menu when the two leaders and their wives meet Thursday night. Dinners at the club traditionally involve continental European fare, including Americanized French and Italian dishes. Thursday nights also mean the roast beef buffet, though Trump famously has his go-to meal. 
“Donald’s favorite dish is Mary Trump’s meatloaf,” Ruddy said. “And so I think the president of China is going to love that with mashed potatoes, the gravy and the onion rings. I think he may never go back to eating Chinese food after he’s done.”



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump spoke by phone with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Monday, offering the "full support" of the U.S. government to bring those responsible for the St. Petersburg subway bombing to justice.
Trump "expressed his deepest condolences to the victims and their loved ones, and to the Russian people," according to a White House readout of the call.
Story Continued Below
The two leaders both agreed "that terrorism must be decisively and quickly defeated."
An explosion in the subway on Monday in St. Petersburg killed 11 and wounded 45 others. Putin was visiting the city for a meeting with Belarus President Alexander G. Lukashenko.



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump once again dodged any public comment on Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi’s much-maligned human rights record after their meeting Monday, even as several U.S. families claimed the White House has ignored their pleas to intervene in the cases of at least three wrongfully imprisoned Americans.
One of them is 17-year-old Ahmed Hassan of Atlantic City, N.J., who the families say was beaten and dragged from his home in Zagazig, Egypt on Dec. 1, 2016, denied adequate legal representation and sentenced to one year in jail – all for protesting the arrest of his uncle on a minor building code violation. 
Story Continued Below
Two others are Mustafa Kassem, a 52-year-old paralegal, and Ahmed Etwiy, a 23-year-old student, both of New York, who are spending their fourth year in prison on protest charges, according to a March 28 letter that the families sent to Trump in advance of his meeting with Sisi. 
In their letter, obtained by POLITICO, family representatives asked Trump to confront Sisi during their meeting and demand that he “immediately release all unjustly detained American citizens,” including the three men. 
To improve its chances of success, the letter to Trump was written using buzzwords that would appeal to his “Make America First” worldview and his belief that the U.S. must project strength on the global stage, according to a spokesman, Mohamed Soltan, an American human rights advocate who himself was imprisoned in Egypt for 22 months.
“During your upcoming meeting with Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, we believe that Americans should come first,” they wrote. “Egypt is counting on America to be weak. We are counting on you to show America’s strength.” 
“These Americans – our family members – are in prison for exercising their right to free speech,” declared the family members – Hassan’s father Mohamed Mustafa, Kassem’s sister Eman Kassem and Etwiy’s mother, Dr. Nagwa El Kordy. “They are among at least 60,000 political prisoners in Egypt facing similarly unjust imprisonment. This is totally outrageous. Mr. President, we believe in your commitment to represent Americans first and the values America holds dear, especially Freedom.” 
The families were trying to work internal channels in the hope that Trump would agree to press the issue with Sisi, even after a White House statement released Friday that didn’t mention human rights while praising Sisi for fighting terrorism and improving Egypt’s economy. The families said White House officials confirmed that the letter was received.
But during his public comments after meeting Monday, Trump didn’t mention human rights — only that “We are very much behind” Sisi, especially due to his commitment to counterterrorism. 
A senior administration official told POLITICO that Trump’s failure to mention the issue doesn’t mean it’s not a priority for the administration. 
“The president and President el-Sisi had a very positive conversation that will move this relationship forward,” the official said. “Human rights have always been a topic of conversation with Egypt, and we will continue to engage them on ways to protect human rights. But we will discuss it in a more constructive way that maximizes the likelihood of forward progress.”
“Protecting U.S. citizens is a key priority for the president,” the official added, “and we will engage in whatever way is most constructive to ensure they are protected.”
Nonetheless, when Trump failed even to mention the Americans imprisoned in Egypt, the families were devastated, said Praveen Madhiraju a pro bono lawyer with Pretrial Rights International, who represents Hassan. "Ahmed and these families pleaded for something so basic — for their government to protect them. And now they are in despair."
Soltan said that the case of Hassan is especially egregious, and that the teenager was laughed at and retaliated against when he told local police that he was an American. As a minor, he is also at some risk of harm because he is sharing the same cell with more than 20 adults, Soltan said.
In a personal letter to Trump, Hassan wrote that he wants to return to America so he can go to college here. “Mr. President, please help me. I want to be with my family and friends. I am proud to be an American. I beg you to defend my right to be free.”
The families didn’t ask that Trump follow the lead of the Obama administration and Congress and condition a hefty portion of the $1.3 billion the U.S. gives to Egypt in foreign military financing on the release of the detained Americans, Soltan said. 
But that is a requirement that the State Department can now waive and that it was likely to be one of Sisi's requests of Trump during the visit, according to Soltan. He added that President Barack Obama would not allow Sisi to visit the White House over that issue, which infuriated the military strongman. 
Brian Katulis, an Egypt expert at the liberal-leaning Center for American Progress, said Trump’s failure to even mention the detained Americans — or the tens of thousands of Egyptians similarly imprisoned — was reflective of an administration that aims to “downgrade human rights and issues related to detention” in Egypt.
Egypt has always pressed for a separation of those issues from U.S. funding, said Katulis, a State and Defense department and National Security Council official in the Clinton administration. “What’s different is that this is the first U.S. president to give in to those demands.”



ARTICLE
Former Vice President Joe Biden is returning to New Hampshire for the first time since leaving the White House later this month for the state Democratic Party’s fundraising dinner.
Headlining such events is often associated with presidential ambitions, and when Biden passed on the state committee’s big fundraising dinner in 2015, it was widely read as a sign that he wouldn’t pursue the presidency in 2016.
Story Continued Below
But Biden — who said last week that he could have won if he had run last year — will now return to the early-voting presidential primary state for the McIntyre-Shaheen 100 Club Dinner in Manchester on April 30.
A candidate in both 1988 and 2008 who also flirted with runs in other years, Biden, 74, chose not to run in 2016 after the death of his son Beau the year before. He has joked about running in 2020, but has not been at the center of most preliminary conversations about the party’s potential candidate field.
Biden isn’t the only two-time candidate returning to New Hampshire and making waves about a return to the national political arena: Ohio Gov. John Kasich is due to return three days earlier.



ARTICLE
White House press secretary Sean Spicer acknowledged on Monday that President Donald Trump can withdraw money from his businesses at any time, but he declined to say whether Trump would make such withdrawals public.
ProPublica reported earlier on Monday that a February change to legal documents governing Trump’s trust allows him to receive money from the businesses without disclosing it to the public. 
Story Continued Below
Asked about the issue at the White House press briefing, Spicer acknowledged Trump can withdraw money under the arrangement that separated the president from leading his businesses but left his sons in charge.
But he said he was not aware of any change in the policy, contradicting the report by the Pulitzer Prize-winning nonprofit, which Spicer called a “left-wing blog.”
“That’s frankly part of the point of setting it up,” Spicer said. He said he did not know whether Trump had withdrawn any money from his businesses yet. “I’m not aware that there was ever a change in the trust.”
Trump’s business set-up has raised concerns among ethics experts, as he refused to fully divest himself from his sprawling business empire. The company is currently being run by his eldest sons, Eric Trump and Donald Trump, Jr., and is planning to expand domestically.



ARTICLE
House conservatives and the White House are mulling a potential agreement to revive the GOP Obamacare replacement bill that was pulled from the House floor just over a week ago, POLITICO has learned.
Leaders of the House Freedom Caucus, the group of three-dozen conservatives that helped bring down the bill, have been in talks with Trump administration officials about changes to the legislation that might get them to “yes.” One option seriously being considered by the White House, multiple GOP sources said, includes allowing governors to opt out of some Obamacare regulations on the insurance industry.
Story Continued Below
The developments could mean that Speaker Paul Ryan’s bill might not be dead after all — or at least indicate that continued discussions are going on behind the scenes.
Sources stressed that the details are still being finalized, and it's far from certain that such a change would act as a silver bullet to salvage the much-maligned bill, and whether it would win over enough conservatives while also keeping centrist Republicans on board. 
Indeed, Vice President Mike Pence, White House chief of staff Reince Priebus and budget director Mick Mulvaney huddled with the Freedom Caucus Monday night to layout some broad details and gauge whether they would be acceptable to members of the group.
Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows (R-N.C.) emerged from the meeting saying nothing had been agreed to and there was no legislative text. He said lawmakers expected to see text sometime "within 24 hours."
“No one made any definitive changes in terms of moving from ‘no’ to ‘yes,’ primarily because there’s not enough detail to do that, but I can tell you that all the ‘nos’ — every one of the ‘nos’ — expressed a willingness to look at this in a very detailed manner,” he said.
Meadows doesn’t expect his group to formally endorse any emerging deal, but said he’s working toward presenting Ryan with “an accurate whip count” of Freedom Caucus members' positions.
The White House ran traps on the potential changes with moderates Monday afternoon, summoning more than half a dozen Republicans in the moderate Tuesday Group to discuss the tweaks. Pence, Priebus and Mulvaney huddled with Energy and Commerce Chairman Greg Walden (R-Ore.), Tuesday Group co-chairman Tom MacArthur (R.-N.J.) and a handful of their moderate-minded colleagues. One member who attended, Trump ally Rep. Chris Collins (R-N.Y.), said the group gave the administration the green light to forge ahead if they think they can win the Freedom Caucus.
"If they couldn't get it passed those of us who are 'yes' in the Tuesday Day group, then it would be clear then that it didn't have any legs," Collins said. "But we said, 'No — you definitely have some legs."
Sources cautioned that while many want to vote on a deal quickly, lawmakers are far from scheduling a floor vote.
The renewed talks come as President Donald Trump cranks up the heat on conservatives for tanking the GOP replacement plan. The president tweeted last Thursday and Friday that the Freedom Caucus had become a roadblock to his agenda, and he encouraged Republicans to "fight" them in 2018, hinting at primary challenges. 
Trump also specifically called out Meadows, Caucus Vice Chairman Jim Jordan (R-Ohio) and group member Raul Labrador (R-Idaho), turning millions of his followers on the group's leaders. Jordan defended the group's blockade Sunday, arguing that the bill would not significantly lowers premiums or fully repeal President Barack Obama's health care law.
“Tweets and statements and blame don’t change facts, and the facts remain the same: When you look at the document, when you look at the legislation, it doesn’t repeal Obamacare,” Jordan said on CNN’s “State of the Union.” "Even people who support it say it... doesn’t bring down premiums."
Behind the scenes, however, Trump officials — including the president himself— have been reaching out to conservatives to see if there's a way to garner their support. Over a round of golf this weekend, Trump sought to woo firebrand Sen. Rand Paul, a close Freedom Caucus ally who helped rally the group to oppose the bill. 
Meanwhile, during a Ryan donor retreat late last week, White House legislative liaison Marc Short told attendees the White House was working hard behind the scenes to come up with a deal. Sources familiar with the ongoing talks say even outside conservative groups that opposed the replacement legislation, including Heritage Action and Americans for Prosperity, are showing a willingness to work with them. 
One administration source didn't think a deal was imminent but said the White House is pushing for one "very quick." 
"This is a level of urgency I haven't seen out of them," the source said.
Paul (R-Ky.) on Monday floated another potential change to reporters: a proposal to leave some Obamacare subsidies intact, albeit scaled back, instead of replacing them for tax credits. Such a modification, he argued, would "placate the people who want” to continue providing government assistance for health care — without asking conservatives to support tax credits they've deemed a "new entitlement program."
Paul said he discussed his proposal with Trump over golf and has brought the idea to the Freedom Caucus and the White House. It did not appear, however, that the White House or GOP leaders in Congress were inclined to run with the idea.
“They’re banging a square peg into a round hole right now,” Paul said of the Trump administration. “They either keep banging it hard enough that they get the votes for it, as is, or we take a new approach.” 
In the closing days of negotiations, before Ryan pulled the bill amid a lack of support, Freedom Caucus conservatives said they needed a repeal of so-called Title One regulations in order to win their support. Those include popular provisions such as barring insurance providers from discriminating against people with pre-conditions and allowing adults under age 26 to keep coverage under their parents' insurance. 
Conservative sources have suggested, however, that they're fine with retaining those insurance regulations if they can axe other Obamacare regulations from Title One. A source involved in the conversations said the parties are still discussing which regulations governors would be allowed to sidestep but said the talks could shape the “contours of a deal." No text has been written.
“There does seem like there is a willingness [from the White House] to get at the regulations conservatives have been talking about,” the person said.
Meadows said he’s had “cursory” conversations with administration officials “within the last 72 hours” about some ideas that could revive health care talks. But he said he wasn’t expecting an offer from the administration to emerge Monday. 
"We’ve seen nothing,” he said. "We have been presented nothing."
Under the floated changes, governors wanting waivers for Obamacare regulations would have to show that exemptions would improve coverage and lower costs, Collins said. 
Conservatives are particularly interested in state flexibility on Obamacare’s “community rating” provision, which requires insurance companies to charge the same premium price to everyone — regardless of how sick or old they are. Without it, insurers could charge more to people with cancer or a history of smoking or for elderly people. Eliminating the requirement would likely drive down premiums for healthy people but would increase them for sicker people.
That's different than Obamacare’s pre-existing condition requirement, which bans insurers from denying customers because of their old medical conditions. The community rating requirement simply bans them from charging customers more.
It's unclear how moderates will react to those changes. That's why the White House called them in to discuss the matter Monday, assuring them that several other changes would likely be made to keep their support.
The White House is looking at changes to the $115 billion "stability fund," which in the original bill allowed governors flexibility in how they divvy up that cash. Under the emerging agreement, states would be required to use a large chunk of that money to help finance "risk-pools," where sicker individuals purchase insurance. Republicans working on the matter said it would bring down premiums for those individuals. 
The source also said the White House was considering retaining Obamacare’s essential health benefit requirements, which mandates basic coverage like mental health and maternity leave, but allowing governors to opt out of them.
Repealing essential health benefits has been a central requirement for the Freedom Caucus support.
Kyle Cheney and Elana Schor contributed to this article.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump is donating his salary from his first quarter in the White House to the National Park Service, press secretary Sean Spicer said on Monday. 
At the start of the daily White House press briefing, Spicer handed a check for $78,333.32 to Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke and Tyrone Brandyburg, the superintendent of Harpers Ferry National Historical Park in West Virginia. Spicer said it was Trump’s full salary from his inauguration to March 31, the end of the first quarter.
Story Continued Below
“The Park Service has cared for our parks since 1916, and the president is personally proud to contribute the first quarter of his salary to the important mission of the Park Service,” Spicer said. 
Trump promised during the campaign to give away his full-year presidential salary of $400,000 if he was elected president. But he ran into trouble with other donation pledges. In January 2016, Trump promised to donate money raised at a veterans event, but it took the campaign months to actually hand out the money under prodding from the media, particularly The Washington Post. 
Last month, Spicer said Trump would donate his salary at the end of the year and said the administration wanted reporters to decide where the money would go. 
On Monday, Spicer said the White House counsel's office gave Trump a list of government organizations to which he could donate his salary.
Zinke said he was “thrilled” by the choice of his department, and he said the money would go toward infrastructure on the country’s 25 national battlefields. He said the department has deferred $229 million in maintenance spending on the battlefields. 
The Center for Western Priorities, a conservation policy organization, quickly criticized the donation as a "publicity stunt" in light of budget cuts the president has proposed for the Department of the Interior.
“You can’t propose $1.6 billion in cuts to our public lands, then pretend a $78,000 donation makes it better,” said Greg Zimmerman, the center's deputy director. “The White House needs to protect America’s parks and public lands, not pay lip service to them.” 



ARTICLE
The arrival in Iraq on Monday of Jared Kushner as part of a senior U.S. military delegation is the latest example of a conscious outreach campaign by the Pentagon to President Donald Trump and his inner circle, according to several administration officials with direct knowledge.
Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and Marine Gen. Joe Dunford, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, have sought to build strong personal and working relationships with members of the new administration – with an eye to using those relationships to win the president’s support not just for their approach to dealing with ISIS, but for making hiring and other decisions.
Story Continued Below
Two officials said that both Mattis and Dunford have spent a considerable amount of time meeting privately with the commander-in-chief, who graduated from military school as a teen but never served, to discuss a range of issues facing the armed forces. They declined to provide further details. Dunford and Mattis have also invited White House advisers to high-level meetings in the Pentagon, said the officials, who were not authorized to speak publicly.
They’ve also been holding what one official called a series of “pop-up calls” outside the normal structure of the National Security Council, including one-on-one discussions between Mattis and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, the former CEO of ExxonMobil, who the officials said is on the defense secretary’s “speed dial.”
“Sounds like Mattis,” said James Carafano, vice president for foreign policy at the Heritage Foundation who served on the Trump transition team, of the Pentagon effort. He pointed out that there has been some friction between Mattis and the White House in recent months over personnel appointments – and the outreach is an effective way to get past that.
“The challenge is to work together with trust and confidence,” said Carafano, a retired Army officer. “If you want to have a cabinet-level government and people all pulling in the same direction, it makes sense. You have to build bridges.”
Trump’s son-in-law Kushner, a senior White House adviser whose broad portfolio includes foreign policy, was invited on the trip to meet with Iraqi leaders by Dunford, according to a Pentagon spokesman.
White House spokesman Sean Spicer said Tuesday that Dunford had asked Kushner and Tom Bossert, the assistant to the president for homeland security, to help demonstrate American support for the Iraqi government, which is battling the Islamic State with significant U.S. military assistance.
“Jared’s going to specifically express the commitment of the United States to the government of Iraq, meet with U.S. personnel engaged in the campaign,” he told reporters. “Mr. Bossert will participate in meetings and briefings to reinforce the strong U.S.-Iraqi partnership to defeat ISIS.”
Kushner has major sway over policy, but is largely unfamiliar with the inner workings of the Pentagon or with diplomatic affairs.
Spicer said neither Kushner or Bossert had previously been to Iraq. Trump has also not traveled there.
Another recent example of Mattis’ efforts to build rapport with the Trump inner circle and reinforce cooperation between different power centers in the administration was the decision to invite Kushner and Steve Bannon, Trump’s top political adviser, to join the visit last month of Saudi Arabia's defense minister, Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed Bin Salman, to the Pentagon.
Also on hand were Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster, Trump's national security adviser; Dina Powell, the deputy national security adviser for strategy; and representatives from the State Department, officials said.
The overall objective, said one of the national security officials, is “making sure everybody is seated at the table.”
The outreach comes as Trump’s inner circle, which is still in its early months and remains largely untested in national security, is grappling with a host of global challenges.
They include a more belligerent North Korea, the military campaign to dislodge the Islamic State from its strongholds in Iraq and Syria, and a testy standoff with Russia over its incursions into both Ukraine and Syria.
Mattis, a retired Marine Corps general whose nomination garnered broad bipartisan support in the Senate, is widely seen as one of the more experienced hands at the top rungs of the Trump administration.
He’s also very close to Dunford, who served under him when he was in uniform, as well as John Kelly, another retired Marine general who is now secretary of Homeland Security.
In his outreach, Mattis is attempting to encourage an “inter-agency view,” according to one of the officials – and to reinforce that the best way to address challenges is by getting input from the White House and a variety of agencies.
That is especially true with the State Department, which was at loggerheads with the Pentagon in the waning days of the Obama administration, when aides said Secretary of Defense Ash Carter and Secretary of State John Kerry, who had deep policy differences over Syria, were barely communicating at all.
One of the officials said the Pentagon’s efforts to reach out to Tillerson were striking: “I don't think I’ve ever seen them make sure the State Department was so clued in.”



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump called Monday’s subway bombing in St. Petersburg, Russia that claimed at least 10 lives a “terrible thing.” 
“Happening all over the world,” Trump said Monday during a meeting with Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi. “Absolutely a terrible thing.” 
Story Continued Below
At least 50 people were injured in the bombing along with the fatalities, which occurred in St. Petersburg’s subway system at 2:20 p.m. local time. 
Russian President Vladimir Putin said authorities were including all possible causes, including terrorism. 
Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley also released a statement, where she attributed the attack to terrorism. 
“We would like to extend our condolences to the people of Russia,” she tweeted. “We stand with you on defeating these extremist groups who continue to cause senseless harm against innocent people.”



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump on Monday said the U.S. is “very much behind” Egypt’s Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, the controversial military ruler accused of human rights abuses and often described as a tyrant.
In brief remarks in the Oval Office on Monday during the leader’s first visit to Washington, Trump praised Sisi and referenced their first meeting, during the 2016 presidential campaign, describing him as “somebody that’s been very close to me from the first time I met him.”
Story Continued Below
“We agree on so many things,” Trump said. “I just want to let everybody know, in case there was any doubt, that we are very much behind President el-Sisi. He’s done a fantastic job in a very difficult situation. We are very much behind Egypt and the people of Egypt, and the United States has, believe me, backing and we have strong backing.”
Sisi, in return, said to Trump through a translator: “I've had a deep appreciation and admiration of your unique personality, especially as you’re standing very strong in the counter-terrorism field.”
Unlike Trump, former President Barack Obama declined to invite Sisi to visit the White House over his term in office. Sisi led the 2013 overthrow of Egypt’s first democratically-elected president, Mohamed Morsi, and later ascended to the top of Egypt’s government. He has since been accused of employing repressive tactics, including jailing thousands of political opponents and protesters. 
Trump did not mention those controversies in his public comments with Sisi before reporters on Monday.
Trump’s praise of Sisi and other autocratic leaders, like Russia’s Vladimir Putin, has concerned human rights advocates.



ARTICLE
GOP Sen. Lindsey Graham on Monday expressed concern about former national security adviser Michael Flynn’s requests for immunity from prosecution over ongoing investigations into whether members of Donald Trump’s presidential campaign had inappropriate contacts with Russian officials.
“The whole situation with Gen. Flynn is a bit bizarre,” Graham told CNN Monday. “He's said in the past nobody asks for immunity unless they have committed a crime. I'm not so sure that's true — as a lawyer I know that always that is not true. But the whole situation is really strange.” 
Story Continued Below
“The bottom line is if there were any contacts between the Trump campaign and the Russian intelligence services that were inappropriate, I want to find out about it, and I want the whole world to know about it,” the South Carolina senator added. 
Graham is one of several Republican legislators who expressed concern about Flynn’s ties to Russia after it was revealed that Flynn misled officials over the nature of conversations he had with the Russian ambassador to the U.S., which prompted him to resign. Since then, Flynn has faced a separate investigation into the payments he received from foreign governments without receiving proper approval from the State Department. Last week, Flynn offered to testify to the FBI and to the House and Senate Intelligence Committees about possible Trump-Russia ties in exchange for immunity, a request that has so far not been granted. 
Over the weekend, Graham said at a town hall that the situation with Flynn was “getting weirder by the day,” and implored his fellow Republicans to “stay focused” on the investigation into Russia’s attempt to influence the outcome of the presidential election. Graham, who has been critical of the Trump administration’s approach to Russian relations, said Monday that he wouldn’t give immunity to Flynn, and said that Trump’s tweet defending Flynn’s request for immunity was “inappropriate.”
“I don't know what [Flynn] has to offer,” Graham said. “I wouldn’t give immunity to somebody until I knew they had something to offer.” 



ARTICLE
Neil Gorsuch, zero. Hillary Clinton, two. 
That’s the breakdown of tweets from President Donald Trump regarding both individuals Monday, the day the Senate Judiciary Committee voted to advance Trump’s Supreme Court nominee. 
Story Continued Below
Trump offered no support for Gorsuch from his favorite platform, Twitter, where the president praised, commented on and quoted “Fox & Friends” in a series of Monday morning tweets spanning more than 2½ hours. Rather, he questioned whether Clinton associates are the people with ties to Russia and flippantly asked whether the former secretary of state ever apologized for accepting a heads-up about a debate question during the Democratic primary campaign. 
“Was the brother of John Podesta paid big money to get the sanctions on Russia lifted? Did Hillary know?” Trump tweeted. 
“Did Hillary Clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate?” he added minutes later. “Just asking!” 
Trump’s tweets appeared to be inspired by Fox News, which re-aired a weekend clip of former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, who argued Sunday that the Russia-Trump story is “absurd” but raises questions about whether former President Barack Obama’s administration “deliberately” leaked information and what the Russians have been up to. 
“It’s ironic that all of the real evidence of real money and real influence-buying by the Russians relates to Democrats,” Gingrich said, pointing to Tony Podesta. 
Podesta, whose brother John Podesta chaired Clinton’s failed White House campaign and had his personal email account hacked by WikiLeaks, reportedly earned $170,000 over a six-month span last year representing Sberbank, Russia’s largest bank, which sought to have economic sanctions against Russia lifted. 
David Marin, who is listed as a principal on the Podesta Group’s website, called the allegations “fake news” and “an attempt to distract.” 
“Our work for Sberbank USA was never about getting sanctions lifted,” he wrote in an email to Politico. “It was simply about helping to clarify to what extent our client, the US subsidiary, was subject to sanctions. We confirmed they were not.” 
Trump extolled Fox News early Monday morning for what he called “amazing reporting” on the network’s morning show. 
“Such amazing reporting on unmasking and the crooked scheme against us by @foxandfriends,” Trump tweeted at 6:15 a.m., sticking by his explosive claim that the Obama administration surveilled Trump Tower during the election. “‘Spied on before nomination.’ The real story.” 
“Fox & Friends” opened its broadcast Monday morning with host Steve Doocy highlighting the network’s “bombshell report about the unmasking of the Trump team.” 
Citing a source, Malia Zimmerman and Adam Housley reported Friday that the U.S. intelligence official responsible for unmasking names of associates of Trump is someone who is “very well known, very high up, very senior in the intelligence world.” The official, they said, is not in the FBI, which is investigating Russia’s meddling in the presidential election, including possible collusion between Trump associates and Russian officials. 
Zimmerman and Housley added that House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes (R-Calif.) is aware of who the official is and has known about the unmasking since January. They said Nunes reportedly obtained the information well before the president blasted out an unsubstantiated tweet accusing Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower before the election. 
Intelligence officials, including FBI Director James Comey, and top lawmakers on congressional panels investigating Russia’s election interference say they have seen no evidence to support Trump’s wiretapping claims. (Trump has since suggested that by “wiretapping” he meant surveillance more broadly.) But that didn’t stop the Fox News hosts from commending their colleagues. 
The prospect of appointing a conservative Supreme Court justice from a prescreened list helped elevate Trump over Clinton in November. Gorsuch’s confirmation would also give the Trump administration some much-needed momentum after its failed effort last month to repeal and replace Obamacare. 
Trump himself said in his weekly address Friday that tapping Gorsuch has been “one of my most important actions as president.” But the president has tweeted about Gorsuch from his personal account only once since February and twice from his @POTUS account (Trump rolled out Gorsuch as his nominee on Jan. 31). 
But the White House was seemingly more focused on other issues, such as the Fox News report. 
“It’s a huge story,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders said on Fox News. “And the fact that most of the media is ignoring it is absolutely — I wish I could say it is unbelievable, but, frankly, given the coverage we’ve had over the last several months, it really isn’t. But thankfully, some people are carrying the story, and hopefully Americans will see exactly what the president’s been talking about for the last several weeks.” 
Housley appeared on a Fox News segment to discuss his report Monday, apparently catching the president’s eye. Citing multiple sources, Housley said “there was electronic surveillance of Trump and the people close to Donald Trump, including some supporters for up to a year before [the] inauguration.”
“It’s unprecedented, I’m told, the way this was done,” he said. 
In a tweet tagging the FBI, Trump quoted Housley: “.@FoxNews from multiple sources: ‘There was electronic surveillance of Trump, and people close to Trump. This is unprecedented.’” 
Rep. Eric Swalwell (D-Calif.), a member of the House Intelligence Committee, suggested that the emphasis on unmasking is simply a diversion. 
“I’m not buying GOP ‘unmasking’ claim. It’s more #RussianHacking deflection. Same guys voted last week to unmask all of our online privacy,” he tweeted, alluding to Republicans’ vote last week to repeal broadband privacy rules that protected consumers’ information. 
Trump has repeatedly dismissed reporting on his associates’ possible ties to Russia, insisting the real story is leaks coming out of Washington. He also claimed in an interview with the Financial Times over the weekend that his wiretap tweet “is turning out to be true.” 
“I don’t regret anything, because there is nothing you can do about it,” Trump said of his tweets. “You know if you issue hundreds of tweets, and every once in a while you have a clinker, that’s not so bad. Now my last tweet, you know the one that you are talking about perhaps, was the one about being in quotes wire tapped, meaning surveilled, guess what? It is turning out to be true.” 



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump built a career shaping on-screen apprentices. Now his administration is becoming a magnet for interns who want to be stars.
Traditionally hailed as a path to public-sector employment, the White House Internship Program is drawing young applicants with media, entertainment and business bragging rights fit to serve a former reality television mogul.
Story Continued Below
“I appreciate a man who can speak his mind,” said Auburn University senior Anna Kelly, a political science major and beauty pageant contestant seeking one of the unpaid intern slots working for Trump, a onetime owner of the Miss Universe contest.
A Virginia native who has volunteered for Republicans for the past five years, Kelly says she’s eager to defend Trump from attacks in the press. “I think a lot of the coverage of this administration has been very biased and very unfair,” she said. “My ultimate lifetime dream job would be to be press secretary, especially to learn from someone like Sean Spicer.”
The initial application deadline on Friday night spurred a flurry of action from prospective candidates trying to stand out from the crowd and become the first intern class in the Trump White House, for the summer term from May 30 to Aug. 11. Along with a résumé and letters of recommendation, applicants were asked to submit essays demonstrating an interest in working for the Trump administration and a commitment to public service.
The Trump White House’s application added a field that didn’t exist when President Barack Obama adopted the program: social media details.
Josh Hall, an incoming freshman at Harrisburg Area Community College, hoped the White House would notice that his tweets condemning the media mimic the president’s own style. “I started my Twitter as a political account six months ago. I have like 12,000 subscribers,” he said.
“I’d maybe be able to shed a lot of light on the bias that happens within the media,” Hall added. “I try and do that a lot of the time with my Twitter.”
One of Hall’s recent tweets: “The fact of the matter is #Manafort's Russian ties from YEARS AGO had no influence on the campaign or the election. This is FAKE NEWS!”
A fan of alt-right media darling Milo Yiannopoulos, Hall said he likes Trump because “he sounds like your average American.”
“He can be offensive at times,” Hall said. “There are things he says that I think go too far. But your average Americans do say kind of offensive things.”
Amy Dai, who’s studying business administration and cinematic arts at the University of Southern California, wants a White House internship even though she was an informal “Never Trump” libertarian. The appeal: a president who knows how to use the press.
“He really knew how to leverage media, getting all that ad time for free,” says Dai, who has racked up media internships at Turner Broadcasting, NBC Universal and Disney ABC. “I love complaining on Twitter and usually I get my voice heard,” she said. “All the things I wouldn’t actually say in real life, I just post on Twitter.”
But one piece of her background may trigger alarms: Her side job in college hawking newspapers. “I’m a campus representative for The New York Times, which Donald Trump has said is fake news,” she said of her involvement promoting the paper through a collegiate marketing program.
Still, she sees the appeal of working in an administration rocked by controversy since its start. “It sets you up for every type of office environment,” Dai said. “Nothing would be as extreme as a Trump White House.”
The White House says it has not determined the number of interns who will be selected or the curriculum. “We are looking for applicants who are interested in learning about how government works and the importance of public service,” a spokesperson said.
The interns, who are considered government volunteers, will be assigned to a variety of departments, including those with key staff openings, the administration says.
The federal hiring freeze will not affect the program because interns are unpaid. And the summer class might get more work than usual in an administration that has yet to announce nominations for 489 of its top 553 posts requiring Senate confirmation, according to the most recent data from the Partnership for Public Service.
Christian Peele, who was promoted to run the Obama administration’s White House Internship Program for two years after interning herself, said it can be retooled to fit a president’s agenda. “It doesn’t have to be any one thing. You can shape it as a little extra workforce.”
Candidates who planned to apply as interns this year were touting qualifications that could make them a strong match with Trump’s background and useful to the White House staff.
“Having a business degree along with a political science degree would look more favorable,” said John McCracken, a senior at Birmingham-Southern College in Alabama. “I’d be able to distinguish myself better under a Trump administration.”
McCracken, who said he has supported Trump since the day he announced his candidacy, is fixated on the media but for a different reason from the president: It’s “always been my dream to go into journalism,” he says. He hopes to meet the White House press corps on the job.
George Mason University junior Yasser Aburdene is also working his business credentials. “I believe the administration will want more business and accounting or economics majors,” he said, pointing to his ongoing work with Americans for Prosperity, the conservative group for which he interned.
But Aburdene worries about standing out for a different reason: His grandparents are from the Middle East and he’s an immigrant who moved to the United States from Bolivia five years ago. “For me, for minorities, I think it will be more challenging to get in, just to be an intern,” he said. “I’m Hispanic with a Middle Eastern name. That’s the first challenge."



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump doesn't like to lose. And when it comes to a health care overhaul, he doesn’t consider himself defeated.
Negotiations for a new health care bill are still underway — legislation that, Trump said, some members of the House Freedom Caucus have already promised to support, according to an interview with the Financial Times published Sunday.
Story Continued Below
"Yeah, I don’t lose. I don’t like to lose. But that wasn’t a definitive day. ... There was no reason to take a vote. I said, ‘Don’t take a vote,’ and we will see what happens," the president said in the interview. "But one way or the other, I promised the people great health care. We are going to have great health care in this country. Now, it will be in one form or another. It will be a repeal and replace of Obamacare which is the deal that is being negotiated now." 
"And if we don’t get the ... Freedom Caucus there that would be fine. They’re friends of mine. Many of them have already left, and many of them as you know have already given us their vote," he continued. "But when you have zero Democrats, zero, you need close to 100 percent of the Republicans."
Since the American Health Care Act was pulled before it could be voted on last month, Trump has attacked leaders and members of the House Freedom Caucus, the conservative alliance that mostly fought against the measure. Trump has also blamed Democrats and warned that Obamacare will "implode."
But if he can't gain support from the majority of Republicans in the House, Trump is moving on to plan B: Try to work with Democrats.
Trump said that trying to create a new bill with Democrats is "the second way" to go, saying he would "hate to see" that because then the Freedom Caucus "loses so big."
"If we don’t get what we want, we will make a deal with the Democrats and we will have in my opinion not as good a form of health care, but we are going to have a very good form of health care and it will be a bipartisan form of health care," Trump said.



ARTICLE
Michael Bennet is in a bind.
 The centrist Coloradan is under siege like no other Senate Democrat in the battle over Neil Gorsuch — trapped between significant home-state pressure to back the Denver-bred judge and a scorching liberal base urging Democratic senators to filibuster President Donald Trump’s first Supreme Court nominee.
Story Continued Below
 Even more significant for Bennet — a stickler for Senate tradition — is that he’s watching the chamber further collapse all around him as an institution, as the deeply divided body careens toward a triggering of the “nuclear option” that will lower the bar for confirming Supreme Court nominees.
 “He’s struggling with it,” one Democratic senator said.
 Bennet has sat down extensively with Gorsuch, likely longer than any of the other 70-plus senators whom the nominee has privately courted during his confirmation process. The two men met once in Denver and again in Washington, according to several sources, with the meetings running multiple hours.
 But more than evaluating Gorsuch on the merits, Bennet has also tried privately to make the case to other Democrats that the next Supreme Court vacancy will almost certainly be the one that matters, according to people close to the senator. Gorsuch would replace the late conservative Justice Antonin Scalia and wouldn’t alter the ideological balance of the court.
 Bennet has been arguing that point to Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.), who instead has said every nominee is important, regardless of the vacancy to be filled. 
 “If you’re looking to preserve Roe, [the next vacancy] is the seat you need to die on the sword for,” said one person close to Bennet, describing the senator’s thinking.
 Indeed, for the past two months, few Democrats have publicly weighed the factor of that second vacancy and what it could mean for landmark rulings on abortion and gay marriage. Audio leaked last week of Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-Mo.) fretting at a closed-door fundraiser about what happens after the demise of the filibuster, particularly if one of the three eldest Supreme Court justices — two liberals and a swing vote — leaves the court while Trump is president.
 But McCaskill announced Friday that she would vote to filibuster Gorsuch, even as she acknowledged that the nuclear option was unavoidable and said it will “usher in more extreme judges in the future.”
 In this era of hyperpartisanship, Bennet has at least tried to stick to Senate norms. He wouldn’t take a public position on Merrick Garland last year, instead waiting for the hearing for President Barack Obama’s final Supreme Court nominee that everyone on Capitol Hill knew would never come.
 As senators deliberated on Gorsuch’s nomination, Bennet went to the Senate parliamentarian, seeking information about the history of the filibuster, the impact of the nuclear option and how the Senate got here: a place where its members were preparing to kill off the 60-vote threshold needed to end a filibuster of a Supreme Court nominee.
 Bennet also participated in the traditional home-state courtesy of introducing a high court pick at his confirmation hearing, despite pressure from the base since the election to shun Trump and his agenda at every turn.
 Meanwhile, a remarkable pressure campaign targeting Bennet has unfolded on both sides. The Judicial Crisis Network, a well-funded conservative group that is a major player in the Gorsuch fight, has poured $650,000 into radio, television and digital ads promoting the Denver judge on the Colorado airwaves.
 More than 200 attorneys in Colorado sent Bennet a letter effusively praising Gorsuch and warning that a “filibuster now will do Colorado no good.” Several signers are Democratic power brokers, including Jim Lyons, a former adviser to Bill Clinton whom the president nominated to the 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, and Steve Farber, co-chair of the 2008 Democratic National Convention in Denver.
 Former Democratic Colorado Gov. Bill Ritter — who appointed Bennet to the Senate in 2009 — penned an op-ed saying Gorsuch’s “temperament, personal decency and qualifications are beyond dispute.” Ritter had planned to step in and introduce Gorsuch at his hearing had Bennet declined to do so, according to Wendy Hartzell, who works for Ritter, now at Colorado State University, which would have put Bennet in a conspicuously awkward spot. 
 Even John Elway, the former Denver Broncos quarterback, is on Team Gorsuch. 
 “Sen. Bennet has to go home every weekend,” said Leonard Leo, a key adviser to Trump on the Supreme Court currently on leave from the conservative Federalist Society. “He’s either going to hang with the moderate Democrats against a filibuster, which best reflects his constituency, or he will go for broke and line up with the hard left flank of the Democrat caucus, which has far less to lose than he does.”
 But Gorsuch opponents have also turned the screws on Bennet, warning about the fate of Roe v. Wade if the conservative justice were seated on the court. Abortion politics loom large in the socially liberal state, where 75 percent of voters either support abortion rights or believe the government should not prevent a woman from having one, according to a June 2016 Global Strategy Group poll commissioned by NARAL Pro-Choice America.
 People for the American Way, one of the few liberal groups that has gone on air against Gorsuch, has run an ad in Colorado that features a judge shredding the Constitution. MoveOn is hosting a “Resist Gorsuch” protest at Bennet’s Denver office on Tuesday. And Colorado members of NARAL Pro-Choice America met with Bennet aides last week, walking away dissatisfied.
 “We got a very neutral response,” said Karen Middleton, executive director of NARAL Pro-Choice Colorado. “I can tell you that my board members, my key volunteers, are very frustrated because we really feel Sen. Bennet has been a leader in reproductive rights issues in general. He has always supported us. He has helped us on other key votes. This neutrality is distressing.”
 Indeed, Bennet has kept his thinking on Gorsuch under wraps. He has not discussed his views on Gorsuch at length with reporters at the Capitol, and a spokeswoman declined a request for an interview.
 These days, the phone lines won’t stop ringing at Bennet’s Washington office, with young aides repeatedly telling callers that Bennet has not taken a public position on Gorsuch. The responses have run about 1,200 calls against the nominee and about 200 for him, according to aides.
 But Republicans believe Bennet spoke so favorably about Gorsuch while introducing him at his confirmation hearing that voting to filibuster the judge now would be nothing short of a massive flip-flop.
 “I have no doubt that, unlike the president, Judge Gorsuch has profound respect for an independent judiciary and the vital role it plays as a check on the executive and legislative branches,” Bennet told the Senate Judiciary Committee. “I may not always agree with his rulings, but I believe Judge Gorsuch is unquestionably committed to the rule of law.”
 Just reelected to a six-year term last November, Bennet has a bit more political freedom than other Democrats, yet he faces a swing electorate that’s awarded him only narrow wins.
 He’s also long cut the profile of a low-key moderate who was perhaps the most obscure member of the bipartisan Gang of Eight that crafted a sweeping immigration reform bill four years ago. Bennet has bucked the liberal base on some major issues, such as supporting the Keystone XL oil pipeline and voting in favor of fast-track trade powers meant to help Obama advance a major trade pact loathed by the left.
 Bennet’s lengthy consideration of Gorsuch also mirrors his approach when he mulled over the Obama administration’s controversial nuclear deal with Iran, which the Colorado senator ultimately backed despite being up for reelection and being hammered by conservatives over his support.
 “Knowing Michael,” one senator said, “he is going to arrive at this with a lot of deliberation.”



ARTICLE
Egypt’s military ruler Abdel Fattah el-Sisi was never invited to the Obama White House, where he was viewed as a brutal tyrant with little regard for human rights and democracy.
On Monday, President Donald Trump will roll out the red carpet for him.
Story Continued Below
Reviled by activists for what they call the harshest political repression in Egypt’s history, Sisi has emerged as an early Trump favorite among world leaders. The two men first met during the presidential campaign in September, leading Trump to call Sisi a “fantastic guy,” and Sisi was the first foreign leader to reach Trump after his election. 
Their meeting Monday will offer important clues about how Trump plans to engage with foreign dictators with poor human rights records. It is also key to Trump's effort to bolster ties with Arab allies in the fight against Islamists across the Middle East.
While Western governments have protested Sisi’s imprisonment of thousands of people on dubious political charges, Trump has openly praised the Egyptian autocrat’s ruthlessness.
“He took control of Egypt. And he really took control of it,” Trump said in a September interview with the Fox Business Network. Sisi claimed the title of president after a June 2014 election in which his official vote total was 96.91 percent.
Trump and his advisors admire Sisi’s hard—many say brutal—stance against Islamic radicalism. The Egyptian general helped lead the overthrow of an elected Islamist Muslim Brotherhood government in July 2013, and denounces the Islamic State. Other Sisi backers in the White House include senior adviser Stephen Bannon; counter terrorism adviser Sebastian Gorka; and Derek Harvey, the National Security Council’s top Middle East official. Defense Secretary James Mattis and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson also back better ties with Egypt.
But Trump’s enthusiasm for Sisi disturbs human rights and democracy advocates who worry that Trump is drawn to authoritarian rulers and tactics. Trump has called Russian President Vladimir Putin a “strong leader,” and once approvingly described the decisive force of the Chinese government’s 1990 crackdown on pro-democracy demonstrations in Tiananmen Square.
They also see Trump’s virtually uncritical embrace of Sisi as the latest sign that he finds little use for democracy and human rights as priorities in American foreign policy. 
“The larger message that I hear from the president is that he is not interested in America being a force for good in the world,” said Tom Malinowski, who served as Assistant Secretary of State for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor from 2014 until this year.
Trump has even implicitly rejected the very idea that the U.S. enjoys any special virtue. “When the world sees how bad the United States is and we start talking about civil liberties, I don’t think we are a very good messenger,” he told the New York Times in July. Asked in a February Fox News interview whether Vladimir Putin is a “killer,” Trump replied: "There are a lot of killers. You think our country's so innocent?" 
Malinowski and others cited several recent instances where Trump officials have sidestepped or downplayed human rights.
Last month, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson broke with tradition by not personally presenting his department’s annual report on human rights worldwide. In mid-March, the Trump administration declined to sign a letter condemning alleged torture practices in China that was backed by 11 other nations, including Britain, France, Germany and Canada. And Trump’s proposed cuts to the State Department budget would weaken programs designed to promote U.S. values abroad.
Last week, the State Department notified Congress that it would end conditions imposed by Obama on arms sales to Bahrain that require evidence of progress on human rights and political reform.
Taken together, those actions could portend a sea change in what America stands for on the global stage, critics say
“That’s where our influence has been,” said Sen. Ben Cardin, the top Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. “It’s about our principles—human rights, good governance. That’s what our brand is all about.”
That part of the America brand will take a back seat with Sisi arrives at the White House Monday. On Friday a White House official told reporters that Trump would criticize Sisi’s record on human rights only “in a private, more discreet way” than past presidents. 
Human rights advocates are skeptical that Trump will show much energy on the topic, which the White House official only addressed after a reporter asked about it. 
A White House statement announcing Sisi’s visit last week listed only two issues—terrorism and economic reform—on the meeting agenda. Among the omissions was the case of Aya Hijazi, an Egyptian-American citizen who ran a charity for orphans until she was arrested in 2014 on what activists call bogus charges tied to her foreign nationality and interest in political reform. Pressed on her case, the White House official declined to say that Trump would raise it with Sisi.
“I see no signs in general that Trump is very concerned with human rights abuses in Egypt or their consequences,” said Stephen McInerney of the Project on Middle East Democracy. “Sisi’s approach to ruling Egypt directly undermines his ability to be an effective partner” on terrorism and economics, McInerney said. 
McInerney warned that Sisi’s repression might breed more radicalism. Egypt has imprisoned thousands of young men on non-violent political charges alongside genuine extremists who might try to convert them to their cause.
But Trump has suggested in the past that brutal tactics can keep a lid on Islamic radicalism. During the 2016 campaign, he complained that U.S. interventions to topple Arab dictators who repressed their populations only unleashed terrorism. 
Several key Trump advisors also believe Sisi deserves more fulsome U.S. support than he received from an Obama administration hoping to pressure him into a more open governing style.
“Why won’t President Obama talk to Egyptian President Sisi? Sisi has taken on the threat of violent, intolerant Islamic jihadism at great personal risk,” Harvey wrote on his personal blog in January 2015.
And in an April 2016 talk at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, Secretary of Defense James Mattis said he was concerned that Sisi’s Egypt did not allow “legitimate political dissent.” But Mattis noted that Sisi has denounced violent radicalism that claims the mantle of Islam, and concluded “it’s time for us to support him.”
While never cutting ties with Cairo, Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry sharply criticized Sisi for his government’s historic clampdown, in which hundreds of people were killed or sentenced to death. Sisi shut down NGOs and charitable groups, limited press freedoms and jailed thousands of people affiliated with the Muslim Brotherhood.
Obama also suspended joint military exercises with Egypt, along with a portion of the $1.3 billion in annual U.S. military aid to Cairo. (The aid was eventually restored, in part because Obama concluded the punishment was not changing Sisi’s behavior.)
The official said that Trump and Sisi would “reboot” the U.S.-Egyptian relationship. During the campaign, Trump vowed in a statement that the U.S. would be “a loyal friend, not simply an ally, that Egypt can count on.”
White House officials did not respond to a request to comment for this story. But the official who briefed reporters on Friday added that human rights “are always of concern” to the U.S. 
Trump officials have made some public gestures on that front. During his recent visit to China, Tillerson said that the U.S. “will continue to advocate for universal values such as human rights and religious freedom.” The State Department and White House also condemned the arrest of hundreds of political protesters in Russia last weekend. But critics call those exceptions to the rule.
Every modern president has struggled to define the relationship between values and security. Ronald Reagan celebrated freedom but backed anti-communist dictators. George W. Bush vowed to spread democracy across the Middle East but did little to discomfort undemocratic allies like Saudi Arabia. Obama spoke about dignity and civil rights but struck security deals with repressive tyrants from Iran to Uzbekistan. 
The results often seemed hypocritical, and some foreign policy scholars argue that the U.S. should not adopt a pose of moral superiority. But Republicans in particular subscribe to the idea of “American exceptionalism,” and lambasted Obama for allegedly doubting it; they have said little about Trump’s apparent rejection of the notion.
Trump’s critics fear that he is undermining the image of a virtuous America, and the values it represents, just as Russia and China promote their own authoritarian vision abroad.
“You can’t promote moral values around the world if you’re constantly echoing the propaganda of our adversaries that America is not a moral country, no better than anybody else,” Malinowski said. 
Anti-democratic foreign leaders like Putin, Sisi and Chinese President Xi Jinping, he added, “are delighted to have this opportunity to level the moral playing field.”



ARTICLE
Former national security adviser Michael Flynn reported payments of at least $5,000 for a speaking engagement with the Kremlin-funded English language network RT, new documents released Saturday by the White House show, though Flynn didn’t originally include the payment when he first filed his ethics forms in January.
That RT payment and two others from companies with Russian ties — for U.S.-based speaking engagements involving the cybersecurity firm Kaspersky Government Security Solutions and Volga-Dnepr Airlines — are listed in an amended financial disclosure form Flynn delivered to the White House on Friday, more than a month after he stepped down from his top post under President Donald Trump.
Story Continued Below
The disclosures were part of a more comprehensive recounting of his private-sector work and assets that the White House asked for only this week — long after the retired Army general was tapped to be Trump’s national security chief and his subsequent ousting amid controversy over how forthcoming he was with Vice President Mike Pence and other senior aides over his pre-inauguration communications with the Russian ambassador. 
“He disclosed the speaker bureau arrangement [in January] and when asked to update the form with specific speaking events he did so,” Flynn’s attorney Robert Kelner told POLITICO on Saturday.
The two forms released by the White House show that Flynn, who retired from the Army in 2014 after being replaced as director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, quickly cashed in on his experience and access by working with more than a dozen Washington D.C., consulting firms and Silicon Valley tech companies seeking to expand their federal government contracts — despite his own public condemnation of fellow retired generals who quickly leverage their status in the private sector. 
In an interview last summer with The Washington Post, Flynn criticized fellow retired military officers for taking advantage of the lucrative market for retired military leaders with secret clearances and deep relationships in the Pentagon.
“What do generals do when they get out?" Flynn said. “One of the big companies in Arlington [Virginia] just put out a little call saying, ‘we are looking for two two-stars and two retired one-stars.'”
Asked what point he was making, he continued: “Why? Because people want to use that person for themselves, for their company. That’s why I didn’t go to work for anybody because I wanted to make my decision for what I wanted to do.”
But Flynn appears to have been doing exactly what he said he wasn’t doing.
He was working for a slew of high-tech firms including Palo Alto Network and Adobe Systems Inc. — as well as a variety of military consulting companies and Pentagon contractors, including secretive intelligence firms such as Ulysses Group, a South Carolina outfit, and GreenZone Systems, an Arlington, Virginia-based contractor that makes “military-grade” secure communications systems.
The forms also show Flynn served as a consultant for the FBI, which is now investigating Flynn and other Trump campaign officials for possible ties with the Russian government when it hacked into Democratic Party organizations and individuals in an attempt to help the real estate mogul’s presidential candidacy. 
Flynn’s biggest financial haul appears to have come from his own private consulting firm, Flynn Intel Group, where he earned a salary and bonuses of $827,000, plus another $50,000 to $100,000 payment for undisclosed reasons, the document show.
His firm’s clients are not disclosed.
Likely to get most scrutiny, however, are Flynn’s ties to the Russian firms.
In the original January ethics filing, Flynn made no mention of the payments from RT, Moscow-based Kaspersky Government Security Solutions or Volga-Dnepr Airlines, which is based in Ulyanovsk, Russia. 
Instead, he only disclosed that he’d earned income from the Washington-based speakers bureau Leading Authorities LLC. The ethics process commonly involves back and forth negotiations between the White House counsel’s office and the Office of Government Ethics as employees are vetted, but the effort was suspended when Flynn left his job, Flynn’s attorney said.
White House aides then requested Flynn update his forms earlier this week — ahead of the wider Friday release of materials for more than 180 Trump staffers. It’s in the amended form that Flynn offers an itemized account of any payments he got over $5,000.
This isn’t the first disclosure lapse for the retired Army lieutenant general. His ouster less than a month into his White House job came after he failed to notify fellow Trump administration officials, including Pence, that he had discussed economic sanctions with the Russian ambassador during the presidential transition.
Last month, House Oversight and Government Reform Committee ranking member Elijah Cummings also released documents showing Flynn made nearly $68,000 in fees and expenses from Russian-related organizations, including more than $45,000 from RT tied to a December 2015 trip to Moscow where he sat near Russian President Vladimir Putin during the network's 10th anniversary party. 
Flynn also was paid $11,250 each for the Kaspersky and Volga-Dnepr speeches that were made in Washington, according to The Washington Post.
Capitol Hill and Justice Department investigators have signaled interest in interviewing Flynn as they probe allegations of ties between the Russian government and the Trump campaign. Earlier this week, Flynn, through his attorney, offered to deliver that testimony in exchange for immunity from prosecution.
On Twitter, Trump wrote Friday that he supported his former national security adviser’s immunity request “in that this is a witch hunt (excuse for big election loss), by media & Dems, of historic proportion!”
On Saturday, the White House referred questions on the matter to Flynn.



ARTICLE
U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said Saturday that President Donald Trump has not stopped her from "beating up on Russia."
In an interview that aired Sunday on ABC's "This Week," host Martha Raddatz asked the former South Carolina governor how the U.S. maintains its role, in Haley's words, as the "moral conscience of the world" if Trump won't condemn Russia's actions.
Story Continued Below
"The president has not once called me and said 'don't beat up on Russia,' has not once called me and told me what to say," Haley replied. "I am beating up on Russia."
Raddatz pressed Haley, asking whether Trump needs to "be beating up on Russia," too.
"Well, of course. He's got a lot of things he's doing, but he is not stopping me from beating up on Russia," Haley said.
During Haley's first appearance at the U.N. Security Council in February, she strongly condemned Russia for its incursions into parts of eastern Ukraine. 
"The United States continues to condemn and call for an immediate end to the Russian occupation of Crimea," Haley said. She added that "Crimea-related sanctions" levied against Russia will continue to "remain in place until Russia returns control over the peninsula to Ukraine."
Intelligence agencies have concluded that Russia tried to interfere in the 2016 elections. The FBI is investigating potential connections between Trump campaign officials and the Russian government.
On Saturday morning, Trump tweeted to "stop with the fake Trump/Russia story." The Trump administration has also repeatedly stated that alleged surveillance of its campaign by Obama administration officials is a story that should be focused on more.



ARTICLE
In a White House where President Donald Trump commands reverence, Jared Kushner often refers to the president by one name: Donald. And while cable TV can dominate the president’s mood and set the agenda for senior administration staff, Kushner usually keeps his large flat-screen TV in his office turned off, a stark departure from other top aides. 
Kushner, the president’s 36-year-old son-in-law and White House senior adviser, does essentially what he wants, having the benefit of not only Trump's ear but — as a family member — his implicit trust.
Story Continued Below
That trust has resulted in a vast portfolio that so far includes negotiating an Israeli-Palestinian peace deal, helping oversee relations with Canada, China and Mexico and, as of this week, reinventing the federal government through the new White House Office of American Innovation. 
But Kushner's status as the big-issue guru has stoked resentment among his colleagues, who question whether Kushner is capable of following through on his various commitments. And some colleagues complain that his dabbling in myriad issues and his tendency to walk in and out of meetings have complicated efforts to instill more order and organization into the chaotic administration. These people also say Kushner can be a shrewd self promoter, knowing how to take credit — and shirk blame — whenever it suits him. 
“He's saving the government and the Middle East at the same time,” one senior administration official quipped.
In addition to being arguably the president’s most trusted and influential adviser, Kushner also serves as Trump’s unofficial hatchet man. And all eyes are on Kushner as White House insiders predict a broader staff shakeup amid rising tensions between Kushner and White House chief strategist Steve Bannon.
 Kushner would like to present Trump a plan for improving the White House within weeks, around the 90-day mark, according to a person familiar with the plan. 
In a move that's alarming the West Wing's hardline conservatives, Kushner is increasingly aligning himself with national economic adviser Gary Cohn, who’s participating in Kushner’s innovation office and a Democrat whose moderate political positions in some ways mirror Kushner’s own. 
 Kushner, the person familiar with his plans said, wants fewer zealots and less ideology in the West Wing — and is frustrated with the constant leaking and infighting that have characterized the administration’s early days. 
“Everyone is jealous,” said one person close to the White House. Kushner is “the ultimate decider. Mostly people are jealous."
This account of Kushner's role is based on more than a dozen interviews with senior White House officials, allies, donors, lawmakers and others. 
White House chief of staff Reince Priebus said Kushner has been an asset to the Trump administration. “Jared has been a top advisor to the president from the beginning. Using his wealth of private-sector experience, he is always finding innovative solutions to our country’s biggest problems.”
Kushner spends his days bopping from meetings on Capitol Hill to pacing the Oval Office with Trump to calling Trump's friends and potential media allies, like morning show host Joe Scarborough. He involves himself in high-level discussions on all manner of policy priorities, ranging from health care and tax reform to trade policy. In foreign policy, he’s been publicly tasked with solving Middle East peace, while also handling Canada, China and Mexico issues. 
He created the innovation office last week — which is amorphous but designed to save the government money, improve technology and reduce bureaucracy, officials say. He is particularly interested in large infrastructure projects, a senior administration official said. 
The creation of the office added to a perception around the White House that Kushner’s portfolio is almost impossibly ambitious, and that he prefers big-picture discussions to the sometimes mundane and detail-oriented work involved in carrying out policy changes. 
On Wednesday, White House staffers and outside allies passed around a story from the parody website The Onion indicating that Kushner had “quietly moved the task ‘solve Middle East crisis’ to his to-do list for next week” because “there was simply too much on his plate right now to bring stability to the fractious region by end of day Friday.” Kushner did not see the piece, a person close to him said. 
Yet he is frequently the last person Trump speaks to at night. He spends most weekends with his father-in-law, traveling to Florida aboard Air Force One. Last week, he called lawmakers from a vacation in Aspen, Colo., as the health care bill went off the rails — and, while several aides questioned his decision to go on holiday at such a critical time, Kushner was the one who went to dinner with the president the day after the bill failed, joined by his wife Ivanka Trump--who is now also taking a formal position alongside her husband in her father’s administration.
Kushner’s boosters see him as “a visionary” who is bringing to government a disruptive Silicon Valley mindset that helped him succeed in the technology and real estate industries, as well as on Trump’s unconventional presidential campaign.
Kushner signed off on a mini-shakeup formalized on Thursday, when White House Deputy Chief of Staff Katie Walsh packed her bags and headed to the non-profit group created to support Trump’s agenda, sources familiar with the move said. His involvement with White House staffing echoes his role in orchestrating Trump’s campaign, where Kushner was instrumental in the removals of Corey Lewandowski as campaign manager, as well as Paul Manafort as campaign chairman, and later New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie as transition chief, according to people involved in all three shakeups. 
Kushner has told people that he believes at least some of the resentment of him is being whipped up by people who worked on the campaign but didn’t get the jobs in the White House, such as Lewandowski, as well as conservatives concerned that he’s too liberal. 
Lewandowski did not respond to a request for comment, but Kushner’s allies contend that Lewandowski and other critics have tried to plant negative stories about Kushner in the media. 
 They point, for example, to a burst of inquiries from at least seven media outlets chasing a tip that Kushner was lobbying Trump to pardon Kushner’s father Charles Kushner, who pleaded guilty in 2005 to tax evasion, witness tampering and making illegal campaign contributions. There’s no evidence Jared Kushner sought such a pardon, and no media outlets have corroborated the rumor.
 Kushner defenders argue that he has a moderate sensibility that benefits the White House. Kushner, for his part, believes striking middle ground means people are often going to be mad at him from all sides.
 But it’s made him a target for those who believe Trump is being encouraged to jettison some of the promises that got him elected—or adopt new positions at odds with what his Trump Train voters thought they were getting. Influential conservative talk show host Mark Levin has name-checked Kushner several times as a liberal influence in the White House, including late last month when Kushner reportedly was considering supporting a border adjustment tax proposal. Levin called the tax “an old-time liberal Democrat protectionist” policy and called Kushner “some 32-year-old, liberal Democrat kid out of New York.”
When the White House is planning initiatives on those issues that might offend moderates, one of the senior administration officials said, “You can expect to read the anonymous story that Jared and Ivanka are trying to stop it.”
Others are more concerned about what Kushner hasn’t done. One pro-Israel operative who works with the administration said “there were high hopes” that Kushner — an Orthodox Jew and the grandson of Holocaust survivors, whose only picture in his office is of his grandparents — “was a guy who really understood our community” when Trump tapped him as a point person on the Middle East. 
But, the operative said, those hopes mostly have been supplanted by “deep concern that Jared is not the person we thought he was — that this guy who is supposed to be good at everything is totally out of his depth.”
Those concerns have been fueled by a series of disappointments, including Trump’s equivocation on campaign trail pledges to move the U.S. embassy in Israel to Jerusalem and to support Israeli settlements in the occupied West Bank, as well as his unwillingness to force personnel moves at the State Department sought by neoconservatives.
Influential Jewish Republicans including the mega-donor casino billionaire Sheldon Adelson lobbied Kushner to convince Trump to appoint prominent neoconservative foreign policy hand Elliott Abrams as the No. 2 official in Foggy Bottom and to remove Michael Ratney, a State Department official who previously served as U.S. consul in Jerusalem under Obama, from his role handling Middle East affairs.
Kushner was non-committal about Ratney, according to two sources familiar with the lobbying. But Kushner did go to bat for Abrams, only to have Trump veto the appointment because Abrams had criticized Trump during the campaign and was opposed by Bannon. Nonetheless, Adelson, who has spoken repeatedly by phone with Kushner, was disappointed with Kushner’s inability or unwillingness to deliver on the personnel recommendations, as well as the stasis on the embassy, said three Jewish Republicans active in Israel causes.
On Abrams, Kushner “got outmaneuvered by Bannon and couldn’t turn it around,” said a leading neoconservative who has spoken to both Kushner and Adelson in recent weeks. The leader added that, despite the attendance of Vice President Mike Pence at this week’s conference of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) in Washington, Kushner’s absence was noted by attendees, who questioned the administration’s Israel policy and Kushner’s role in it.
“One of the things that people are realizing now for the first time is that he’s in charge of too many things, and therefore his ability to get deeply involved in any one of them is limited,” said the neoconservative leader.
That dynamic was apparent during the debate over the failed health care bill, the Trump administration’s first major public policy fight. Kushner privately expressed displeasure with the GOP replacement bill to the president repeatedly and in no uncertain terms, three people familiar with the discussions told POLITICO. He voiced his displeasure so often that Trump at one point grew exasperated, telling his son-in-law that he fully understood his position, according to the two senior administration officials.
Kushner played a key role in arranging for health expert Zeke Emanuel, an architect of Obamacare, to meet at the White House three times with senior staff and at least once with the president himself to discuss healthcare, according to three people familiar with the visits. Two of the people said the meetings drew eye rolls from conservative Trump staffers, who viewed Emanuel — brother of former Obama chief-of-staff Rahm Emanuel — as the opposition. (The third Emanuel brother, talent agent Ari, represented Trump during his “Apprentice” days.)
Kushner is “genuinely interested in trying to find the right answers to solve difficult problems in the country in a bipartisan way,” Zeke Emanuel said. “Nothing suggests that he is deeply ideological, and unlike many people in Washington, he’s not afraid to acknowledge that there are things that he knows and other things he doesn’t know that much about.”
But during Emanuel’s final White House visit, on the Monday before the implosion of the healthcare bill, Kushner kept walking in and out of the meeting, according to a source who attended. Then, he disappeared for a few days of skiing and ice-cream outings in Aspen, an absence his critics saw as either a protest or a dereliction of a duty.
It didn’t help that a front-page spread in The Washington Post unveiling Kushner’s new White House Office of American Innovation appeared on the same day that it was revealed that he had acquiesced to a Senate Intelligence Committee request to testify about meetings with the head of a Russian-government-owned development bank. Kushner failed to disclose the meetings to the White House, blindsiding colleagues managing fallout from the Russia-related scandals gripping the young administration.
He has encouraged allies not to worry about the Russia investigation because he believes it will go nowhere — and says the Trump administration will outgrow its early stumbles. But if it doesn’t, allies and aides say, one thing is clear: the president will surely find someone else to take the blame. And Kushner will likely be delivering the bad news.



ARTICLE
Less than three months into Donald Trump’s White House, top advisers are exploring organizational changes to stabilize an administration consumed by crisis and chaos.
Following the failure to advance health-care legislation, senior officials, including Vice President Mike Pence, chief of staff Reince Priebus, senior adviser Jared Kushner, chief strategist Steve Bannon, and chief economic adviser Gary Cohn gathered this week to hold post-mortems about what went wrong. 
Story Continued Below
“Everybody,” said one official involved in the talks, “agreed to do it differently next time.”
In interviews over the last week, several senior aides said they were carefully examining how the beleaguered administration functions as they weigh possible fixes. Among the top concerns: The circular firing squad continually playing out in the press pitting top aides against one another — a dynamic that one senior adviser described as increasingly unsustainable. 
“It will have to either stop or there will have to be decisions made,” this person said, hinting that more serious changes would be made if the incessant shooting doesn’t end.
The discussions provide a window into an embattled administration that is scrambling to find answers. It’s also an acknowledgment that the White House is not the "fine-tuned machine" that Trump has sought to portray.
Among those frustrated, say friends and aides, is the president himself.
"In my experience the president is focused on the practical. He uses trial and error, things that don't work are discarded, things that work are used all the time,” said Chris Ruddy, a longtime Trump friend who is chief executive of Newsmax, a conservative website. “This approach made him billions, a TV star and a presidential winner."
Another close Trump friend was more explicit: "Trump is a guy who likes to put things on the board — and when he doesn't get it, he looks around the room and says, ‘Why didn't I get it?’"
White House officials tried to tamp down talk of any internal upheaval. “No,” press secretary Sean Spicer answered curtly when asked Thursday if more staff shakeups were coming following the sudden departure of deputy chief of staff Katie Walsh, one of the top-ranking women in the White House.
Some aides said they were waiting to see how April unfolds. Within the highest levels of the administration, the coming month is seen as a critical one, with Trump’s team preparing for a visit from Chinese President Xi Jinping, the expected confirmation vote of Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch, and the possible launch of tax and infrastructure packages.
“We're going to keep adjusting until we figure out how to get it right and successful and I think that sometimes it comes from things that we do by changing things organizationally,” said one senior administration official, adding, “Where we are today is way more advanced than what we were 60 days ago. And where we’ll be 60 days from now will be way more advanced.”
The first changes are already afoot. Walsh became the West Wing’s first casualty, when it was announced on Thursday that she would be departing to help run a pro-Trump outside group. Within the White House, the departure was seen as a blow to the influence of chief of staff Reince Priebus, who counted Walsh as a longtime lieutenant. 
Priebus and Walsh had come under fierce criticism from rival administration factions, with some accusing them of going too far to restrict access to the president. Others faulted the Priebus team for the failure of the health care bill, noting that the chief of staff had been hired in large part because of his Capitol Hill relationships, particularly with Speaker Paul Ryan.
Those who have spoken with Priebus in recent days said he has expressed frustration with his own diminished power in the West Wing and with Walsh’s departure. One person close to the president described Walsh, who was an accomplished Republican fundraiser before becoming Priebus’s top aide, as the chief of staff’s “oxygen tank.”
White House aides strenuously deny that Priebus’s job is in jeopardy. But Trump, who churned through three campaign managers in 18 months, has a history of shuffling through top staff – sometimes abruptly. And one senior adviser said that aides with political and campaign backgrounds would gradually “fall off” and make way for others. 
In hopes of promoting conservative policies and, perhaps preserving his standing, Priebus has forged an unexpected alliance with Bannon, a fiery populist who, as the former chairman of Breitbart News, orchestrated attacks on the Republican establishment. The two are looking to combat the rising influence of Cohn and Dina Powell, the deputy national security adviser for strategy, who they view with suspicion because of their more moderate views.
As Priebus has come under fire, Bannon has rushed to his defense. “Reince [is] here to stay," he told POLITICO.
In the immediate term, the administration has begun the process of finding a replacement for Walsh, who had played a critical role in overseeing scheduling and logistics. Among the names mentioned by officials: White House legislative affairs director Marc Short, deputy assistant to the president Sean Cairncross, deputy chief of staff for operations Joe Hagin, director of presidential personnel Johnny DeStefano. David Urban, a Washington lobbyist who helped to oversee Trump’s successful Pennsylvania campaign, is also being considered.
In the longer term, it is examining how to improve the systems and processes that govern how the White House runs. There have been discussions about improving the scheduling operation. And within the highest ranks of the administration, there has been an acknowledgment that too many agenda items are often being tackled at once. “We’re doing a lot of good stuff, but it’s too much stuff and a lot of it is getting drowned out in the noise of too much stuff,” said one senior adviser.
Officials are also frustrated with the outside group that was established to support the president’s agenda. Walsh’s departure to America First Policies, the principal pro-Trump political organization, was pitched by the White House as a shoring up of the flagging organization, which was absent from the health care fight. Kushner had hand-picked Brad Parscale, the campaign’s digital director, to lead that group, and some laid its failures at his feet. “That’s Jared’s group,” one top White House official said. With Walsh’s arrival, it now has close ties to Priebus.
As America First Policies sat on the sideline, a second group, Making America Great, was formed that is more closely aligned with Bannon and Republican donor Rebekah Mercer. Other organizations, including one co-chaired by former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani and former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, and one bankrolled by the billionaire Ricketts family, are also looking to invest. All of them are jockeying for donors and political turf.
Increasingly, the dynamic among the outside groups mirrors that of the White House itself, with rival factions competing for donors and political turf.
But as the White House recovered from the health care debacle and dispatched Walsh to repair America First Policies, one top aide used a single word to describe the outside group effort so far: “Aimless.”
Tara Palmeri contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
Details of the personal finances of many Trump White House officials went public on Friday, revealing the investments, previous salary and organizational ties of those entering government service.
The White House began releasing the personal financial disclosure forms upon request through the White House web site. Officials stressed that the forms were likely to be updated in many cases and that, in order to address conflict of interest concerns, some of the assets listed may have been sold since the forms were filed. 
Story Continued Below
Here is a selection of the forms obtained by POLITICO (list will be updated):
Jarrod Agen, deputy assistant to the president and director of communications to the vice president
Steve Bannon, assistant to the president and chief strategist
Thomas Bossert, homeland security adviser
Sean Cairncross, deputy assistant to the president and senior adviser to Reince Priebus
Steven Cheung, assistant communications director
Gary Cohn, chief economic adviser
Kellyanne Conway, counselor to the president
Reed Cordish, assistant to the president for intragovernmental and technology initiatives
Makan Delrahim, deputy White House counsel
John DeStefano, director of president personnel
John Eisenberg, legal adviser, National Security Council
Michael Ellis, special assistant to the president and associate counsel
Michael Flynn, former national security adviser
Michael Flynn, former national security adviser
Jason Greenblatt, assistant to the president and special representative for international negotiations
Julia Hahn, deputy policy strategist
Hope Hicks, director of strategic communications 
Joseph Kellogg, chief of staff and executive secretary, National Security Council
Jared Kushner, assistant to the president and senior adviser to the president
Gerrit Lansing, former chief digital officer
Chris Liddell, assistant to the president and director of strategic initiatives
Marc Lotter, special assistant to the president and press secretary to the vice president
Omarosa Manigault, director of communications, OPL
Stephen Miller, senior adviser to the president for policy
Kathleen McFarland, deputy national security adviser
Donald McGahn, counsel to the president
Bill McGinley, Cabinet secretary
Peter Navarro, director of the National Trade Council
Jennifer Pavlik, deputy assistant to the president and deputy chief of staff to the vice president
Joshua Pitcock, assistant to the president and chief of staff to the vice president
Dina Powell, assistant to the president and senior counselor for economic initiatives
Reince Priebus, chief of staff
Dan Scavino, director of social media
Keith Schiller, deputy assistant to the president and director for oval office operations
Marc Short, director of legislative affairs
Sean Spicer, press secretary
Bill Stepien, White House political director
Katy Talento, special adviser to the president for health
Katie Walsh, former deputy chief of staff for implementation
Paul Winfree, deputy director of the Domstic Policy Council 



ARTICLE
Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley wants information on how a Washington opposition research firm was apparently involved in a pro-Russian lobbying campaign at the same time that it was overseeing the unverified dossier about the Trump campaign’s ties to Russia.
In a letter to Acting Deputy Attorney General Dana Boente, Grassley demanded to know whether the Justice Department is looking into the firm, Fusion GPS, for alleged violations of the Foreign Agents Registration Act, known as FARA. 
Story Continued Below
Grassley’s letter cites earlier reporting by POLITICO connecting Fusion GPS to a mysterious lobbying effort last year that tried to derail a human rights sanctions bill that irked the Kremlin.
The lobbying campaign occurred at the same time that Fusion GPS reportedly hired a former British spy to gather intelligence on Russia’s efforts to tamper with the 2016 presidential election and develop contacts with then-candidate Donald Trump and his associates.
“The issue is of particular concern to the Committee given that when Fusion GPS reportedly was acting as an unregistered agent of Russian interests, it appears to have been simultaneously overseeing the creation of the unsubstantiated dossier of allegations of a conspiracy between the Trump campaign and the Russians,” Grassley wrote in the letter.
Fusion GPS said it was working for the law firm representing Prevezon, a Cyprus-based holding Russian company, in litigation and complied with disclosure rules. 
"By the very nature of that work, Fusion GPS was working with a law firm to ensure compliance with the law,” the firm said in a statement. "Fusion GPS was not required to register under the Foreign Agents Registration Act."
BuzzFeed published the dossier in January after CNN reported that intelligence officials included its existence in a briefing to then-President Barack Obama and President-Elect Trump. Trump denied the allegations in the dossier.
The dossier’s author, Christopher Steele, used to head MI6’s Russia desk, and the FBI takes him seriously because he assisted with its corruption investigation into FIFA, according to the Washington Post. U.S. intelligence officials have corroborated some of the information in the dossier, according to CNN.
Steele was hired by Glenn Simpson, a former Wall Street Journal reporter who co-founded Fusion GPS, according to The New York Times.
While Steele was compiling the dossier last summer, Simpson was at the same time working for the U.S. law firm representing the Cyprus-based Russian holding company Perezov, which federal prosecutors in New York accused of laundering money in a massive tax fraud. The company is controlled by Denis Katsyv, the son of a former Russian transport minister.
Katsyv meanwhile hired a lobbyist named Rinat Akhmetshin to oppose the human rights sanctions bill called the Global Magnitsky Act. The Russian government opposed the bill because it’s named after a Russian lawyer who died mysteriously in a Moscow jail cell in 2009. The lawyer, Sergei Magnitsky, uncovered the tax fraud through which Katsyv is accused of laundering money.
Grassley’s letter noted with concern Akhmetshin’s background in Russian intelligence. Akhmetshin previously told POLITICO he was drafted as a Soviet counterintelligence officer but denied any ongoing affiliation with the Russian state. He didn’t immediately answer a request for comment on Grassley’s letter.
“It is highly troubling that Fusion GPS appears to have been working with someone with ties to Russian intelligence—let alone someone alleged to have conducted political disinformation campaigns—as part of a pro- Russia lobbying effort while also simultaneously overseeing the creation of the Trump/Russia dossier,” Grassley wrote. “The relationship casts further doubt on an already highly dubious dossier.”
Grassley’s letter also attached a complaint to the Justice Department last July from Bill Browder, an American-born investor who employed Magnitsky at the time of his death. In the complaint, Browder accused Fusion GPS of failing to disclose its activities under FARA. Grassley wanted to know what action the Justice Department had taken on Browder’s complaint.



ARTICLE
Steve Bannon, a top adviser to President Donald Trump, earned more than half a million dollars last year from entities linked to a pair of major conservative donors, according to documents released by the White House detailing the personal finances of its officials.
Bannon reported an ownership stake of $1 million or more in a data-crunching firm that worked for Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) during the presidential race. He also took in $191,000 in consulting fees in 2016 as executive chairman of the conservative media website Breitbart News, which sided with Trump during the Republican primary.
Story Continued Below
The disclosure highlighted Bannon's ties to a pair of conservative political donors, Robert and Rebekah Mercer. The couple, which funded the upstart data company Cambridge Analytica, backed Cruz early on but eventually swung their allegiance to Trump. 
Cambridge Analytica later worked for Trump, and now it is seeking government contracts. Bannon’s disclosure form said that he has “an agreement in principle” to sell his stake in Cambridge. 
Bannon also reported income from the Government Accountability Institute and the film production company Glittering Steel, both of which are linked to the Mercers, who also are part owners of Breitbart.
The documents released Friday night also put on public view new details about two Trump family members who have taken official White House posts: Trump's daughter Ivanka and son-in-law, Jared Kushner. 
Ivanka Trump’s self-branded businesses, including her clothing line, brought in more than $5 million since the beginning of 2016 and are valued at over $50 million, the documents showed. Ivanka recently assumed an official assistant-to-the-president post, so no disclosure has been released for her yet, but her husband's form also includes her assets. She is putting the Ivanka brands in a trust she will no longer manage directly, her legal advisers say.
Meanwhile, Kushner resigned from positions with 266 different entities in order to begin work as a senior adviser to Trump, a senior administration official told reporters Friday. 
The disclosures showed the wealth of an administration filled with real estate and finance experts alongside government hands. They show former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn got paid at least $5,000 for a speaking engagement with the Kremlin-funded English language network RT -- a disclosure Flynn left out of his initial January disclosures but which he revealed in an amended document that he signed Friday.
The forms also offer a small window into how much people are paid at the privately-held Trump Organization.
Jason Greenblatt listed a little more than $1 million in pay from the president’s company for his work as its executive vice president and chief legal officer. Greenblatt spent a decade working in Trump Tower before joining the White House in January as Trump’s special representative for international negotiations. 
The forms being made public cover White House staff making more than $161,755 a year, as well as anyone who's a commissioned officer — people who hold a title like assistant or special assistant to the president.
Trump's own form was not among those released Friday. He filed the disclosure twice as a candidate, in July 2015 and May 2016. He's not required by law to file again until May 2018, but aides said they have not decided whether he will file an update this year.
Here are highlights from the newly-disclosed financial reports:
Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump
Ivanka Trump’s investment in the Trump International Hotel in Washington is valued at between $5 million and $25 million and brought her between $1 million and $5 million in income since its opening in September, the disclosure says.
Meanwhile, Kushner made $4.5 million in 2016 from the company that owns the New York Observer. He's sold his stake in the firm.
Kushner has sold or is selling several other operating businesses, including an insurance brokerage, a broadband firm and a window and door company. But he’s holding on to well over 100 other real estate assets, primarily buildings in the New York City area.
Critics say his investments could pose a conflict of interest as he tackles a broad, almost unbounded portfolio of issues for his father-in-law.
Omarosa Manigault
The reality television star-turned-Trump White House communications staffer accepted a wedding dress, custom veil and other accessories -- worth an estimated $25,000 -- to appear on an episode of TLC’s “Say Yes to the Dress.” She also listed on her financial disclosures between $7,100 and $18,000 for rents or royalties surrounding her role in several television shows, including syndication of Trump’s ‘The Apprentice.’ 
She is also a one-third beneficiary of a trust worth between $1 million and $5 million that was established by her late fiancée Michael Clarke Duncan, an Oscar-nominated actor who died in 2012.
Gary Cohn
The former Goldman Sachs chief operating officer now heading the National Economic Council director reported assets worth at least $200 million and perhaps $1 billion or more, since the forms generally use broad ranges and don't even require a range for assets worth over $50 million. His income in the past year was between about $48 million and $76 million.
Cohn did not include details about selling off his investment stakes in the financial disclosure, as other senior White House staff did, though it has previously been reported that he sold his shares in Goldman for approximately $285 million. Earlier this month the New York Times also reported that Cohn planned to sell a stake in one of China’s largest banks. The total stock is listed as worth over $1 million in his disclosure though the Times reported it was worth approximately $16 million. 
In addition to his Goldman holdings, Cohn reported stock worth as much as $250,000 in Bank of America, which could pose a conflict should the administration rewrite the financial regulatory regime put in place by Dodd-Frank. He also reported stock in Facebook and the president’s favorite social media, Twitter. 
Cohn also reported ownership stakes in several commercial real estate properties, technology patents, and a helicopter. 
Don McGahn
The chief White House counsel left behind $2.4 million in pay as a Jones Day partner. At the firm, McGahn’s clients included Trump, then-Sen. Mark Kirk (R-Ill.), the National Rifle Association, the GOP data firm i360 and Aaron Schock, the former Illinois Republican congressman under indictment on federal criminal corruption charges.
Stephen Miller
Trump’s top policy adviser on the campaign made $124,885 in 2016, according to his financial disclosure. At the same time, he listed as an employer “Insperity PEO Services, L.P.,” which he wrote on his form is the name of his parents' real estate company, where he had an advisory, unpaid position while working on the campaign.
Reed Cordish
One of the Trump family’s closest friends is now serving in the White House. His financial disclosure forms show he maintains a stake in companies and holdings worth tens of millions of dollars, including casinos, real estate and restaurants in Baltimore, Kansas City, St. Louis, Richmond, Louisville, Kentucky, and Arlington, Texas. He’s also a beneficiary of a family trust worth between $5 million and $25 million.
Katie Walsh
The White House deputy chief of staff who departed Thursday in a staff-shake up made more than $600,000 in the last year. About $320,000 of that was from the Republican National Committee and about $283,000 came from her Missouri-based political consulting firm, the Laymont Group.
Sean Spicer
Press secretary Sean Spicer made $260,000 in his former post as spokesman for the Republican National Committee. But he shares another passion with the man he represents in the briefing room: real estate investment. The combative press aide owns commercial and rental properties in Rhode Island, Alabama and Virginia worth between $2.6 million and $5.2 million, according to his financial disclosure. He also has a family trust worth between $500,000 and $1 million, and between $45,000 and $135,000 in income last year from stock funds.
Peter Navarro
Peter Navarro, director of the newly-created National Trade Council, made $240,000 in his previous job as a professor of economics and public policy at the University of California-Irvine. He also earned extra income of $10,500 for delivering a keynote speech to the Casket & Funeral Supply Association of America on Nov. 15, 2016.
Shane Goldmacher, Colin Wilhelm, Matthew Nussbaum, Tara Palmeri, Annie Karni, Isaac Arnsdorf and Kenneth Vogel contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump, in the Oval Office to discuss executive orders on Friday, wanted to get out an unrelated message: He's impressed with Vice President Mike Pence's marriage.
“I will tell you, he has one hell of a good marriage going,” said Trump as he stood behind a podium, reaching over to awkwardly grab Pence’s arm. Pence and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, both standing near Trump's side, smiled at the remark.
Story Continued Below
Trump did not appear to explain why he brought up Pence's marital status, but a recent Washington Post profile of his wife, Karen Pence, riled critics on social media this week. The profile mentioned a 2002 report in The Hill that Pence, then a U.S. congressman, did not eat meals alone with other women or attend events involving alcohol without his wife. 
Liberal critics and many women said the rule was misogynistic and limited women's options for advancement in workplaces with male bosses. Some religious conservatives, however, likened Pence's practice to that of famed evangelist Billy Graham, who would not meet, eat or travel with a woman alone, which came to be known as the "Billy Graham Rule."
Trump has styled himself as a champion for women, saying he promoted them in his businesses. But he has been criticized for making graphic comments in the past about women's bodies and for hiring more men than women in the White House.



ARTICLE
Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said Friday he still has deep concerns about the Trump administration’s handling of classified intelligence following a trip to the White House to review key documents for himself.
Schiff issued a brief statement after viewing the documents, which had previously been made available only to House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes (R-Calif.).
Story Continued Below
“It was represented to me that these are precisely the same materials that were provided to the Chairman over a week ago,” Schiff said. "Nothing I could see today warranted a departure from the normal review procedures, and these materials should now be provided to the full membership of both committees.”
The California Democrat added, “The White House has yet to explain why senior White House staff apparently shared these materials with but one member of either committee, only for their contents to be briefed back to the White House."
Nunes set off a firestorm last week when he made a secret trip to the White House grounds to review the documents and then in multiple press conferences portrayed them as evidence that Trump transition aides might have been improperly monitored by the Obama administration following November’s election.
Schiff, in his statement Friday, declined to weigh in on Nunes' characterization of the materials, saying he “cannot discuss the content of the documents” because they’re classified.
Schiff recently wondered aloud whether the White House had been trying to “launder” information through the House Intelligence Committee in a bid to distract from the panel's investigation into Russia's meddling in the 2016 election and possible collusion between Trump's team and Moscow.
On Thursday, the White House invited the chairmen and ranking members of the House and Senate intelligence committees to come view the documents. The Senate Intelligence panel is asking the White House to send the documents instead to a secure facility at the Capitol.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Friday the White House was in talks with the Senate panel about viewing the documents.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump shouldn’t talk about whether former national security adviser Michael Flynn should be granted immunity, a top House Republican advised Friday.
 The Wall Street Journal reported Thursday evening that Flynn has informed the FBI and House and Senate Intelligence Committees — which are investigating Russia’s alleged meddling in the U.S. presidential election — that he will agree to be interviewed if granted immunity from prosecution. Flynn was asked to resign last month after misleading Vice President Mike Pence and others about his conversations with the Russian ambassador to the U.S. during the transition.
Story Continued Below
 Trump tweeted Friday morning that “Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt (excuse for big election loss), by media & Dems, of historic proportion!”
 House Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah) told Fox News he disagrees with the president’s characterization of the Russia investigation, as well as the commander in chief’s decision to comment on it. 
 “No, I don’t think it’s a witch hunt,” Chaffetz said. “Look, it’s very mysterious to me, though, why all of a sudden Gen. Flynn is suddenly out there saying he wants immunity. I don’t think Congress should give him immunity. If there’s an open investigation by the FBI, that should not happen. I also don’t believe that, actually, that the president should be weighing in on this. They’re the ones that actually would prosecute something.”
 Chaffetz suggested he was being just as critical of Trump as he was of former President Barack Obama, specifically, he said, when Obama commented on the IRS targeting scandal before he had all the facts.
 “And I don’t think Donald Trump should be weighing in on this at this point,” he said. “But I don’t think there should be given immunity, either. I mean, immunity from what? We don’t know what that is.”
 Flynn’s past comments about immunity resurfaced soon after the Wall Street Journal report. The former Trump campaign adviser said in a September “Meet the Press” interview with host Chuck Todd, “When you are given immunity, that means you have probably committed a crime.”
 Asked whether Flynn’s request for immunity indicated that he may be guilty of something, Chaffetz conceded that “it doesn’t look good.”
 “If all of a sudden you have somebody stand up and say, ‘Hey, I need immunity,’ you know, it kinda raises your eyebrows,” he said. “Even Gen. Flynn, back in the day, said and used that same thing against Hillary Clinton. So, you know, it comes around to bite you, and I just think they need to get to the facts.” 
 “There are some swirling things that need to be answered,” he added.



ARTICLE
The Obamacare repeal debacle has eroded Donald Trump’s already weak approval ratings, leaving him historically unpopular just 10 weeks into his presidency.
A comparison of polls conducted before and after House GOP leaders pulled the bill to repeal parts of the 2010 Affordable Care Act suggests Trump has suffered only a slight downtick over the past week. But the attrition culminates a month in which perceptions of the president have notably worsened.
Story Continued Below
Over the past week, six pollsters have released surveys conducted after the failure of the GOP health care bill. And while some show a decline in Trump’s approval rating and others show little change, one thing remains consistent across all of the surveys — more Americans disapprove than approve of Trump. None of the polls shows any improvement in perceptions of the president.
Trump’s latest approval ratings range between 38 percent and 46 percent. Fifty percent or more of respondents in each of the polls disapprove of his performance.
 The president’s lowest approval rating comes from the Gallup Daily Tracking survey. In interviews conducted Monday-Wednesday, 38 percent of Americans approved of Trump’s job performance, while 57 percent disapproved.
Gallup has generally been more negative for Trump than other public polls. His approval rating dipped as low as 35 percent in the tracking survey earlier this week — down from 41 percent immediately before the health care bill died.
The POLITICO/Morning Consult poll has featured some of the most positive results for Trump, and the president’s 46-percent approval rating in this week’s survey is the highest recorded by any pollster since Trump and Republicans fell short on health care. But even that number reflects a slide of 4 percentage points from the previous week, down from 50 percent.
Trump’s approval rating also declined 3 points from earlier this month in an automated-phone survey from the Democratic firm Public Policy Polling.
In SurveyMonkey’s polling around the health care legislation’s rollout, Trump held steady at 42 percent. But he is in a longer-term decline. Even Rasmussen Reports, the Republican-friendly automated polling firm, shows a decline for Trump over time, though little change from last week.
All in all, March has been a month the administration might just as soon want to forget. On March 1, Trump’s average approval rating stood at 45 percent, according to HuffPost Pollster, with 50 percent disapproval. By Thursday afternoon, the numbers were down to 40 percent approve, versus 55 percent disapprove.
The RealClearPolitics average shows a similar movement in the wrong direction: On March 1, Trump was at 43 percent approve versus 50 percent disapprove. As of Thursday, his average approval rating had ticked down to 41 percent, compared to 53 percent disapproval.
Beyond Trump’s approval ratings, there are other red flags for his presidency, as it shifts its focus to confirming Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch and other legislative priorities, like an overhaul of the U.S. tax code.
In the CBS News poll, only 42 percent of Americans say they are confident in Trump’s ability to make deals with Congress to pass legislation, while 54 percent are not confident. And only 32 percent of Americans approve of how Trump is handling health care, versus 59 percent who disapprove.
 In the POLITICO/Morning Consult poll, voters in the latest survey trust congressional Democrats over Republicans when it comes to dealing with health care, 45 percent to 35 percent. Two weeks ago, Republicans actually held a narrow advantage on the issue: 43 percent to 39 percent.
While Trump’s ratings are historically poor for a new president, there are examples of presidents recovering in their first year. Bill Clinton’s approval ratings bottomed out in the high 30s in June 1993, only to recover into the 50s when the summer ended in September. And Trump’s approval ratings on the economy remain higher than his scores overall or on other, more controversial issues.
Americans are also still relatively hopeful about the future of the country. Despite poor views of Trump’s job performance, 53 percent of Americans surveyed by CBS News say they are optimistic about the next four years with Trump as president, more than the 42 percent who say they are pessimistic.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump will sign an executive order Friday instructing his administration to examine the causes of the U.S. trade deficits with China and other major trading partners and report back to him within 90 days for possible action to reduce the gaps. 
"This will represent the first systematic analysis of what are the causes [of the deficit] country by country and product by product,” Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross told reporters at the White House Thursday evening. “It will form the basis for decision-making by the administration subsequently and that will be decision-making that will be based on hard facts, not theories.”
Story Continued Below
Trump, who is hosting Chinese President Xi Jinping for talks next week in Palm Beach, Fla., also will sign a second executive order directing Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly to strengthen the collection of penalties on unfairly traded foreign products.
Both Ross and White House National Trade Council director Peter Navarro insisted the executive orders were not intend to send a message to China ahead of the Xi meeting, even though Trump railed against China’s trade practices during the presidential campaign and the U.S. trade deficit with China, which totaled $347 billion in 2016, is far larger than that with any other country.
“Nothing we’re saying tonight is about China,” Navarro told reporters. “Let’s not make this a China story. This is a story about trade abuses.”
At least $2.8 billion in penalties on unfairly traded products have gone uncollected since 2001 as a result of importers evading the payments, Navarro said. China accounts for much of the problem since about one third of the more than 340 existing U.S. anti-dumping and countervailing duty orders currently in place are on Chinese goods.
“This is a big deal” since the under-collection of duties denies a variety of U.S. producers the relief they have legitimately won against unfair foreign trade practices, Navarro said. “It’s steel, chemicals, agricultural products. It’s the whole gamut.”
Ross identified more than a dozen countries that will come under intense scrutiny in the report because of the size of the U.S. trade deficit with each of them.
Those include Japan ($68.9 billion), Germany ($64.9 billion), Mexico ($63.2 billion), Ireland ($35.9 billion) and Vietnam ($32.0 billion), as well as Italy, South Korea, Malaysia, India, Thailand, France, Switzerland, Taiwan, Indonesia and Canada.
“This is not meant to say that everybody on this little list is an evil doer. That’s not the case,” Ross said, noting there are some legitimate reasons why the United States runs trade deficits with some countries. 
The report prepared jointly by the Commerce Department and the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative will examine the degree to which each of the trade deficits are caused by “cheating or other inappropriate behavior,” Ross said.
But in a nod to Trump’s criticism of NAFTA and other trade agreements, the report will also look at whether the bilateral deficits are the result of free trade deals falling short of expectations or policy decisions made by previous administrations, he said.
The report will also examine whether other factors such as currency misalignment, foreign excess capacity or constraints imposed by the WTO on the United States have contributed to the bilateral deficits, Ross added.
Trump is ordering the report on the same day that the USTR is due to release its annual report on foreign trade barriers around the world. That publication runs nearly 500 pages and examines the trade practices of more than 60 trading partners, but it does not attempt to calculate how they contribute to the trade deficit.
The new report could provide useful ammunition for the administration as it follows through on campaign promises to more aggressively go after unfair foreign trade practices, including by drawing on trade remedy tools that have not been used in decades.
That includes one provision known as Section 301, which allows the White House to unilaterally retaliate against unfair foreign trade practices. The United States voluntarily stopped using the measure when the WTO came into existence in 1995.
The rest of the world might worry the report raises the prospect of the Trump administration launching a multi-front trade war, but Ross said it showed the White House was determined not to run half-cocked.
“It will demonstrate the administration’s intention not to hip-shoot, not to do anything casual, not to do anything abruptly, but to take a very measured and analytical approach, both to analyzing the problem and therefore to developing the solutions for it,” he said.



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
Former national security adviser Michael Flynn is seeking “assurances against unfair prosecution” in order to provide interviews to congressional panels investigating possible collusion between Trump aides and Moscow, his lawyer said in a written statement.
The statement came after a report in The Wall Street Journal that Flynn has told the FBI and congressional committees he is willing to testify in exchange for immunity from prosecution.
Story Continued Below
“General Flynn certainly has a story to tell, and he very much wants to tell it, should the circumstances permit,” said Flynn’s lawyer, Robert Kelner. But Kelner said there had been “vicious innuendo" against Flynn in the news media and that “no reasonable person, who has the benefit of advice from counsel, would submit to questioning in such a highly politicized, witch hunt environment without assurances against unfair prosecution.”
The FBI is conducting a counterintelligence investigation into possible coordination between Russia and the Trump campaign — an investigation FBI Director James Comey has said could include criminal prosecutions.
The House and Senate intelligence committees are also investigating Russia’s meddling in the 2016 election, including possible collusion with Trump aides. Senate Intelligence Chairman Richard Burr said Wednesday his panel is setting up an initial 20 private witness interviews and could seek additional witnesses later.
Kelner acknowledged in his letter that there had been discussions with both committees about interviewing Flynn.
But a spokesman for the House intelligence panel denied that the committee had received a request for immunity from Flynn.
“No, Michael Flynn has not offered to testify to HPSCI in exchange for immunity,” said the spokesman, Jack Langer. A committee aide, speaking on the condition of anonymity, also said Flynn had not offered to testify in exchange for immunity.
Kelner’s statement, though, made clear Flynn has some conditions before he’ll agree to congressional interviews.
Flynn resigned as President Donald Trump’s national security adviser last month after it became clear he had misled his colleagues about the nature of his pre-inauguration phone calls with Russia’s ambassador.
The former three-star Army general also delivered a paid speech in Moscow in 2015 at a gala celebrating the Russian propaganda outlet RT at which he was seated at a table with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Price Floyd, who was Flynn’s crisis communications director until earlier this week, had no comment Thursday. Floyd also would not comment in recent days about rumors floating around the White House and elsewhere that the former national security adviser was cooperating. Floyd said there was nothing unusual about the timing of his departure as a Flynn spokesman on Monday.
One person close to Flynn said that unless new information becomes available, the retired general’s mistakes were innocent ones that arose out of political and perhaps even legal naiveté, but that shouldn’t create any criminal liability for him. 
“I’m not privy to what he is saying to his lawyers or what his lawyers are suggesting to him,” the Flynn associate said. “But I have seen nothing that would lead me to believe that he has made anything but judgment miscues.”
Nevertheless, the associate said Flynn is doing what anyone in his position would do —working with a lawyer to negotiate whatever protections he can, given the ongoing investigations by the FBI and congressional committees. The associate added that despite earlier media reports that the FBI has signaled that Flynn won’t face any charges for his pre-inauguration communications with the Russian ambassador, Flynn has said he was never told that, leaving open that possibility. 
“I know of no official at the FBI telling him, 'Hey, we’re not prosecuting you.' Only in the press,” the associate said. “If he is talking to them, if he is cooperating,” or considering cooperating, “it is news to me.”
Earlier this month, Flynn filed a belated foreign agent disclosure with the Justice Department, after his lawyer concluded that lobbying work Flynn did last year “could be construed to have principally benefited the Republic of Turkey.”
The FBI and Justice Department declined to comment.
Josh Gerstein contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump warned that next week's scheduled meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping would be challenging, with the two world leaders set to square off on issues ranging from trade to military expansion and North Korea. 
"The meeting next week with China will be a very difficult one in that we can no longer have massive trade deficits and job losses," the president said in a series of tweets. "American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives."
Story Continued Below
Xi will reportedly spend two days next week, April 6 and 7, with President Donald Trump and officials at his Mar-a-Lago resort in their first in person talks since the president took office on Jan. 20. In a statement released earlier Thursday, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Trump and Xi would “discuss global, regional, and bilateral issues of mutual concern." The visit will also include a dinner between the president, first lady Melania Trump, Xi and his wife, Peng Liyuan.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is also expected to be in attendance, prioritizing the visit over a since-rescheduled meeting with NATO leaders. 
Trump has been critical of China's handling of trade and foreign policy, railing against their military expansion into the South China sea and their handling of neighboring North Korea, both on the campaign trail and since taking office. 
In a February interview with Reuters, Trump said he was "not liking" the interactions between China and North Korea During a campaign rally in May of last year, Trump said the U.S. could not allow China to continue to "rape" the country of its jobs, a stance he has since repeated repeatedly. In February during an interview with Reuters, Trump said he was "not liking" the interactions between China and North Korea.
Trump also alarmed the international community by engaging with the Taiwanese president in December as president-elect, breaking with decades of precedent and sparking fears that he'd skirt with the U.S.'s longstanding "one China" policy, which fails to recognize Taiwanese sovereign. Trump has since pledged to Xi in a February phone conversation to uphold the policy. 



ARTICLE
The Trump administration is appealing the broadest judicial order currently blocking President Donald Trump's revised travel ban directive.
The Justice Department filed a formal notice Thursday appealing U.S. District Court Judge Derrick Watson's preliminary injunction suspending Trump's executive order that sought to halt the issuance of visas to citizens of six Muslim-majority countries and held up refugee admissions from across the globe.
Story Continued Below
Watson issued the injunction Wednesday after a court hearing in Honolulu on Wednesday on a suit brought by the State of Hawaii and a local Muslim leader. Earlier in the month, the Obama-appointed judge had issued a temporary restraining order that prevented Trump from instituting much of his directive, which had been intended to kick in on March 16.
The appeal will go to the San Francisco-based 9th Circuit Court of Appeals. Last month, a three-judge panel of that court declined to overturn a Seattle-based judge's order blocking key parts of Trump's original travel ban order.
The administration said in a separate court filing Thursday that it will seek to expedite the appeal at the 9th Circuit. However, some legal experts believe the Justice Department deliberately slowed litigation in the Hawaii case in order to try to get the issue in front of a three-judge panel set to go on duty starting Saturday.
The Justice Department is also appealing a Maryland-based judge's ruling blocking a single aspect of Trump's revised order: the six-country visa ban. That appeal is pending at the Richmond-based 4th Circuit, which is considering whether to take the case directly to the court's full bench.
Minutes after filing the new appeal Thursday, Justice Department attorneys moved to shut down the information-gathering discovery process in the Seattle case, involving six states challenging Trumps' revised order. The federal government lawyers say the records and testimony the states are seeking will intrude on presidential decision-making and should be put on hold until the 9th Circuit rules in the Hawaii case.
"Plaintiffs intend to seek sweeping and invasive discovery, to which Defendants will object on numerous grounds," the Justice Department wrote. "Proceeding in the absence of such guidance [from the appeals court] would be inefficient, waste the resources of the Court and the parties, and potentially result in inconsistent rulings."
The Justice Department motion paints the discovery effort as a potential morass that may prove unnecessary or excessive, depending on the 9th Circuit ruling.
"According to Plaintiffs, they intend to seek discovery — including electronically stored information — regarding the factual basis, intent, design, issuance and effects of both executive orders," Justice lawyers wrote. "Plaintiffs indicated a desire to probe the motivations for issuing the executive orders; the consultative process leading to their issuance; email communications among Defendants and third parties; drafts of the executive orders and related documents; communications about implementation of the orders; and databases with information on potentially affected aliens and visa applications. ... Plaintiffs believe the relevant time period for discoverable information is June 16, 2015 — the date Donald Trump declared his presidential candidacy — to the present."
The Trump administration is arguing that no discovery is or will be appropriate in the case.
Justice Department lawyers also filed a parallel motion Thursday seeking to suspend court action in another federal suit in Seattle, brought by private individuals who say they are affected by Trump's executive actions.



ARTICLE
The coal industry is divided over whether President Donald Trump should pull the U.S. out of the Paris climate change agreement — with some producers hoping they could gain some economic leverage if he chooses to stay.
The top three U.S. coal producers — Peabody Energy, Arch Coal and Cloud Peak Energy — indicated in recent meetings with White House officials that they would not publicly object to sticking with the international accord, particularly if the administration can secure more financial support for technology to reduce pollution from the use of coal, according to industry officials and sources close to the administration.
Story Continued Below
Some Trump administration officials have been flirting with such a strategy, POLITICO reported earlier this month.
But that approach faces resistance from others in the industry, such as Murray Energy CEO Robert Murray, mirroring the broader split within the administration over the global climate deal.
Peabody, Arch and Cloud Peak hope to see their policy priorities reflected in the reworked domestic climate plan that the Trump administration would probably submit if it decides to stay in the 2015 Paris deal, the sources said. Together the three companies mine more than 42 percent of the coal produced in the U.S., according to the Energy Information Administration.
Arch spokeswoman Logan Bonacorsi praised the administration for reconsidering former President Barack Obama's climate change regulations for power plants and focusing instead on "driving progress on advanced, low-emissions fossil fuel technologies that will provide far greater benefits over time," but she did not directly address the company's position on the international deal.
"We are confident that the administration is taking these same priorities into consideration as it evaluates the way forward with regard to the Paris agreement,” Bonacorsi said.
Peabody did not respond to requests for comment, and a Cloud Peak spokesman declined to comment.
But other coal companies remain deeply opposed to the U.S. remaining in the Paris deal, arguing that the global effort to crack down on emissions could further harm the ailing industry. In the agreement, the U.S. and nearly 200 nations committed to take steps in the coming decades to sharply reduce their emissions of the greenhouse gases that are warming the planet.
Robert Murray, who has close ties to the Trump administration, called the deal "illegal" and a waste of taxpayer money in a February speech in Miami. Murray joined the president on Tuesday when Trump signed an executive order that took the first steps toward repealing key portions of Obama's climate agenda. His company is the largest private coal company in the country and, according to EIA, the fifth-largest overall producer.
The divide over Paris was briefly on display during a Monday conference call with members of the National Mining Association, according to two people familiar with the private exchange.
Amid a discussion about the possibility that the U.S. may not withdraw from the Paris agreement, Murray lobbyist Andrew Wheeler underscored the company's opposition to the accord. Sources stressed that Paris was not the focus of the discussion, which only briefly touched on the issue.
A National Mining Association spokesman declined to comment. A Murray Energy spokesman pointed to the company's record of opposition to the Paris deal.
Trump is expected to nominate Wheeler as deputy administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. A former aide to Sen. Jim Inhofe (R-Okla.) who has worked at the law firm Faegre Baker Daniels since 2009, Wheeler does not lobby specifically on the Paris agreement, but he could prove to be an influential opponent of the deal if he joins the administration. EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt called the agreement a "bad deal" in a recent interview.
That any coal companies are considering giving their tacit approval to staying in the Paris agreement marks a significant shift. Many coal companies have long been wary of the accord. But the World Coal Association, which includes Peabody among its members, has said it sees the agreement as an opportunity to get more financial support for technologies to cut coal emissions, especially since developing countries are still so reliant on the fossil fuel.
Trump administration officials who support remaining in the agreement have been quietly meeting with energy companies to build support for their approach, which includes weakening and rewriting Obama's 2015 pledge to reduce U.S. emissions by 2025.
The Trump officials' pitch: Keeping a seat at the table in international climate talks will preserve important relationships with other countries, and it could give the U.S. leverage to boost fossil fuels and help ease access to foreign coal markets.
"If you’ve got the ability to try to increase coal’s access to markets, you’ve got to take it," said a person who favors staying in Paris, who requested anonymity because of the sensitivity of the internal discussions. 
Rep. Kevin Cramer (R-N.D.), an informal Trump energy adviser, echoed White House aides' strategy in a letter to the president he is circulating to his colleagues.
The new U.S. climate target should showcase "the energy security, consumer, and emission benefits produced by the shale revolution and emphasize the importance of baseload power generation, including highly efficient and low emission coal-fired and nuclear power plants, to grid reliability," Cramer wrote.
"We should work closely with our allies to develop, deploy and commercialize cleaner technologies to help ensure a future for fossil fuels within the context of the global climate agenda, including support for the deployment of highly efficient and low-emission coal, as well as carbon capture, utilization and storage technologies, in global markets," he added.
In an interview, Cramer said he has discussed his proposal with several coal companies, adding that their response has been "pretty favorable to say the least.” Cramer declined to the name the coal companies he has talked to.
"They’ve been pretty generally supportive of the concept," he said. "I don’t want to speak for them, but I do get the sense that there’s some serious weighty thinking going on."
Technology to capture emissions from coal-fired power plants is seen by some coal companies as crucial for competing with low- or zero-carbon energy sources in a world that is increasingly focused on tackling climate change. But the technology has proved difficult and expensive to commercialize, and many climate activists have argued that the money should go instead to promoting green energy sources such as wind and solar.
Major oil companies like ExxonMobil and ConocoPhillips have also advocated staying in the Paris deal, with Exxon reiterating its position in a letter to the White House last week.
It remains unclear what Trump will decide to do about the Paris accord. Most Republicans in Congress oppose the agreement, and Steve Bannon, Trump's chief strategist, is said to be in favor of withdrawing.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Thursday that Trump will make a final decision on whether to stay in the Paris deal by the G-7 summit, which will take place May 26-27 in Italy.
Alex Guillén contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
When Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin launched his outreach earlier this month to lawmakers on an overhaul to the country’s tax system, one of his first meetings was with the newly created Problem Solvers Caucus, a group of 20 Democrats and 20 Republicans trying to vote together on issues such as taxes and infrastructure.
While the meeting did not produce any firm commitments, Mnuchin’s decision to prioritize the group in the early stages is just one sign that the White House, stung by its initial defeat on health care, is taking a starkly different legislative strategy for taxes.
Story Continued Below
Trump has tasked Mnuchin, one of the administration's most liberal members, with making many of the pitches on the issue, and has told Mnuchin and others he wants moderate Republicans and Democrats on board, several people familiar with the conversations say. Administration officials say Trump — who is transactional and strongly wants to get to yes — didn't appreciate the dynamics of the House Freedom Caucus on health care and is eager to build a bipartisan coalition for tax reform. And Marc Short, the president's legislative affairs director, has begun inviting Democrats to the White House. 
Several administration officials also explained in interviews that they were disappointed with the legislative efforts on health care — and want to change their tack from negotiating heavily with conservatives and leaving the bill-writing to Speaker Paul Ryan. “We learned a lot," one senior administration official said, comparing it to Trump’s loss in the Iowa presidential primary. 
Some Democrats are cautiously optimistic about the White House’s different approach to tax reform.
"We were never brought to the table on health care," said Rep. Josh Gottheimer, a New Jersey Democrat who attended the Mnuchin meeting. "That was certainly not a piece of legislation I could support."
That Trump and his crew can win Democrats and moderates is no sure bet, and tax reform is likely even more complicated than health care, which proved a disastrous failure for the White House when they couldn't even get their backed plan to the floor for a vote. Some of Trump's aides and conservative allies say the chances of getting Democratic votes are “slim." 
For one, the president has record-low approval ratings for an incoming president — giving Democrats little reason to work with him. The plan is likely to include tax cuts that would help the rich, which could keep Democrats away. 
There are also turf battles among White House aides on what to propose in the tax reform package, administration officials say, as Mnuchin and economic adviser Gary Cohn, another starkly liberal member of the West Wing, take the lead on the proposal. And tensions have already flared up with Republican leaders on the Hill, who are skeptical of the White House taking the lead on drafting the proposal.
 Mnuchin didn’t respond to a request for comment. 
Still, Barry Bennett, a consultant with close ties to the administration, said tax reform holds the potential for some bipartisan support. He said the administration would want to pick off Democrats in the House — and "they could probably pick off 10 or so." 
That may be easier said than done. Rep. Joe Crowley, a New York Democrat who leads the House caucus, said he "has no plan to work with the administration in silos." Crowley said it is difficult to negotiate with the administration on changes to the tax code while "they make a number of other moves that damage my city, like stripping money from sanctuary cities and cutting money for public housing."
Crowley said the administration should have begun with infrastructure instead of a number of executive orders and "going on a rampage." He said the administration didn't invite the Queens lawmaker to a St. Patrick's Day event — which would have been a "clear overture" and the president hadn't reached out otherwise.
A number of Democratic legislators said they have no relationship with the administration, and a senior Democratic aide said Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer hasn't spoken to the president in months — including at a White House function Tuesday night for senators and their spouses. The senior aide said the administration is likely to leak different ideas to woo Democrats, “but they remain an administration that is upside down.” 
Yet Democrats also say they believe changes are needed to the tax code. A top Democrat on Capitol Hill said they'd like to lower the top corporate tax rate — but to 28 percent, or maybe a bit lower, instead of the 15 percent Trump has pitched — while eliminating some of the loopholes. "There are problems in the tax code," said Rep. Hakeem Jeffries, a New York Democrat. "The question is: Do they want genuine and bipartisan reform?"
White House officials and some blue-collar Democrats note it would be hard for Democrats to vote against a bill that lowers taxes on the middle class, particularly in swing districts. Top White House officials recently huddled with Javier Palomarez, head of the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, to try and forge a partnership — and will help the White House push Democrats and moderate Republicans. 
"What I heard is we're specifically going to do outreach to the Democrats, and they really want Democrats to vote for this," Palomarez said. He also recently had coffee with Mnuchin. 
Mnuchin's outreach last week to the Problem Solvers Caucus members, who say they'd like to vote together in a bloc like the Freedom Caucus, is another notable example of the White House’s early stage maneuvering. Gottheimer and Rep. Tom Reed, a New York Republican, are chairing the group — and are being backed with a PAC from No Labels, a third-party organization that hopes to raise $50 million.
At the recent meeting, Gottheimer said he raised a number of potential problems with Mnuchin — from the border adjustment tax that some within the administration like, to discussions about financial regulation rollbacks being pushed by the administration. Mnuchin was responsive, he said, and promised to stay in touch. "We don't want to be obstructionists for the sake of being obstructionists,” Gottheimer said.
Asked if he would vote against the wishes of Democratic leadership, and whether he would face blowback from House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi if he agreed to a Trump plan, Gottheimer said he was open to bucking leadership. 
"You'd have to ask the leader that," he said, of whether he would be pushed to vote against Trump. "I believe that if we can develop an actual piece of legislation that helps my state and promotes growth, we'd want to move it forward. We don't want to be obstructionists for the sake of being obstructionists."
Reed, the New York Republican who served on Trump's executive committee, said he tried to whip votes on health care — but Freedom Caucus members wouldn't budge. The administration made a lot of movement on the law to accommodate Freedom Caucus members, and leadership listened to concerns, Reed said. 
This time, he says a different strategy could work — even if Democratic overtures leave some Republicans voting against the bill. "People are tired of the extremes not allowing us to govern," Reed said. "The White House's problems, and our problems, are not going away with health care." 



ARTICLE
For years, the House Freedom Caucus has pushed around House Republican leaders, even driving a speaker out of office. But now they’ve messed with the president of the United States, and Donald Trump is coming at them in full force. 
Trump on Thursday evening turned his Twitter firepower on the ringleaders of the conservative group that helped tank the House GOP Obamacare replacement — a direct assault that could undermine the group’s influence going forward.
Story Continued Below
While Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows (R-N.C.), Vice Chairman Jim Jordan (R-Ohio) and group member Raúl Labrador (R-Idaho) have long been the darlings of the far right, Trump's offensive could hurt them in their home districts, where he's extremely popular.
“If @RepMarkMeadows, @Jim_Jordan and @Raul_Labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts & reform,” Trump tweeted Thursday afternoon.
“Where are @RepMarkMeadows, @Jim_Jordan and @Raul_Labrador? #RepealANDReplace #Obamacare,” the president added.
Trump's Thursday tweetstorm against the group marks an escalation in the faceoff between the White House and conservative purists. Trump previously tried to offer the Freedom Caucus concessions on health care, but the group rejected his carrot approach. Now, he's reached for the stick. 
His message also come as stories of White House primary threats against Freedom Caucus members are starting to trickle out. Freedom Caucus member Mark Sanford said Trump asked Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney, a founding caucus member and fellow South Carolina Republican, to threaten him politically. 
“The president asked me to look you square in the eyes and to say that he hoped that you voted ‘no’ on this bill so he could run (a primary challenger) against you in 2018,” Sanford said Mulvaney told him, according to The Post and Courier.
Before last Friday's health care debacle, Trump had at least some relationship with two of the members he called out by name Thursday. Meadows campaigned with Trump in the Tar Heel State. Trump considered Labrador for Interior secretary. 
Labrador tried to remind Trump earlier Thursday of Freedom Caucus support he received during the 2016 campaign.
"Freedom Caucus stood with u when others ran," he tweeted. "Remember who your real friends are. We're trying to help u succeed."
Labrador's comments were a direct reaction to a Trump tweet earlier on Thursday morning in which the president claimed the conservative bloc “will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they don’t get on the team, & fast.”
“We must fight them, & Dems, in 2018!” Trump said, hinting that he may support primary challenges to HFC members next election cycle and run them out of office.
The three have not responded to a request for comment. But the group's spokeswoman, Alyssa Farah, retweeted Trump's post and said the three members were "en route back to their districts to serve their constituents." 
Farah in recent days has emphasized that moderates also sank Speaker Paul Ryan's Obamacare replacement bill, arguing that conservatives alone are not to blame. Jordan has sounded like a broken record the entire week, repeating over and over again that Ryan's bill doesn't repeal Obamacare at all, as Republicans told voters they would. 
Trump has reacted to the group's opposition with a heavier hand than they're used to. In the past, when Freedom Caucus members have tanked GOP bills they felt weren't conservative enough, constituents applauded them back home. 
Now, however, they're taking on the head of the Republican Party with an extraordinary bully pulpit — not just the leaders of an unpopular Congress, so the consequences of rebellion are uncertain. 
Trump’s decision to single out these three lawmakers in particular shows he’s well aware of the dynamics of the group.
Jordan and Labrador, multiple group sources said, rallied some Freedom Caucus members when they started wobbling in their opposition to the Obamacare replacement. Meadows had a harder time with the matter, but ultimately stuck with the group.
Since the bill was pulled last week, some Freedom Caucus members have wondered aloud whether they did the right thing. But others defiantly argue they were right on principle, even if it means taking on the man in the Oval Office.
Trump's tweet singling out caucus members followed one in which he shared an op-ed from Colorado Rep. Ken Buck, a Freedom Caucus member who wrote in The Hill that Trump has earned conservatives’ support and party leaders deserve their faith.
“In fact, we have to trust the president and party leaders, because the law requires a meandering path through Senate rules and administrative action before we can arrive at a better system,” Buck wrote.
“Great op-ed from @RepKenBuck,” Trump tweeted. “Looks like some in the Freedom Caucus are helping me end #Obamacare.”



ARTICLE
White House economic officials are at the beginning stages of engaging Congress and others on tax reform, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said after several administration officials met with President Donald Trump on the issue today.
They’re weighing the best options for middle-class tax relief and starting a dialogue with Congress, businesses and the general public, Spicer said. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn, strategist Steve Bannon and others sat down with the president this morning.
Story Continued Below
“They’re talking about the process that they intend to partake in,” Spicer said, adding that the team is also laying out some of their guiding principles while seeking input from Trump at the same time.
Tax reform could take several months, Spicer said.
He wouldn’t answer a question about tax reform adding more red ink to federal debt, noting that it’s too premature to forecast a cost when elements of the plan, including provisions that may boost economic growth, are still coming together.
House Republicans are pushing a plan that includes pro-growth elements like a provision to let businesses immediately deduct the cost of new investments.
Tax reform can advance alongside a salvage effort for the failed attempt to repeal Obamacare. There’s enough oxygen in the room for a dual-track strategy, Spicer said.



ARTICLE
Did the White House seek to “launder” information through the House Intelligence Committee?
That’s the question Rep. Adam Schiff, the panel’s top Democrat, asked Thursday as new details emerged about Chairman Devin Nunes’ secret visit to the White House grounds last week to view what he claims was possible evidence of wrongdoing by the Obama administration. 
Story Continued Below
Nunes briefed President Donald Trump on the evidence the next day, even though it reportedly came from high-level White House staffers who likely could have taken the information to the president themselves, rather than first deliver it to Nunes.
The behavior by the California Republican and the White House has led to an outcry from Democrats, who say he has shown he is too close to Trump to lead an impartial investigation into Russia’s meddling in the presidential election, including the possibility of collusion between Moscow and the Trump campaign.
The war of words continued Thursday as Schiff responded to the latest developments — an invitation from the White House for Democrats to review relevant classified evidence and a report in The New York Times that Nunes’ sources were senior White House national security staffers. 
“If the object here was to give it to someone to give to the president, it makes it all the more bewildering why it wasn't just taken to the president,” Schiff told reporters at the Capitol. “The White House needs to answer, is this instead a case where they effectively wished to launder information through our committee to avoid” revealing the source?
Democrats so far have not been able to view the evidence Nunes cited in making his claim last week that Trump transition aides might have been improperly monitored following November’s presidential election — a break with tradition on a committee in which both sides of the aisle are normally provided access to the same information.
But White House press secretary Sean Spicer indicated on Thursday that Democrats might soon be able to go through the evidence.
In a letter to the House and Senate Intelligence Committees, White House counsel Donald McGahn invited the chairmen and ranking members to come to the White House to view what it characterized as documents responsive to a congressional request for "information collected on U.S. persons [that] was mishandled and leaked." This appeared to be a reference to the evidence Nunes viewed last week on the White House grounds, though Spicer did not say that explicitly.
Schiff responded in a letter, obtained by POLITICO, saying he looked forward to viewing the materials at the “earliest opportunity.”
"I hope you will confirm to the committee whether these materials are the same as those first shared with the chairman,” the California Democrat wrote. “If they are this raises profound questions as to why these materials were given to the chairman for the purpose of providing to the president instead of being shared directly with the White House, and whether an effort was made to conceal their origin by providing them to the chairman first.”
On the Senate side, Intelligence Committee leaders are expected to ask the White House to simply send the documents to Capitol Hill, according to a congressional source.
"We’re saying, 'Great, we’re happy to take a look at those. Why can’t you send them over here?'" the source said.
Nunes set off a firestorm last week when he went public with the alleged evidence, which he said came from an unnamed “source.” He also denied that the whole thing had been orchestrated by the White House. But Democrats cried foul, saying they suspected this was all a scheme designed to take heat off Trump for his much-maligned claim that President Barack Obama had ordered the wiretapping of Trump Tower — something even Nunes said his evidence does not show.
Schiff on Thursday vowed that he would not let these issues “distract us from doing our Russia investigation,” though he added that there’s “no doubt” that Nunes’ actions have cast a “cloud over the investigation.”
On Thursday, The New York Times reported that Nunes’ sources were Ezra Cohen-Watnick, the senior director for intelligence for the White House National Security Council, and Michael Ellis, a White House lawyer and previously an aide on the House Intelligence Committee.
Both of these staffers presumably would have had the ability to brief Trump themselves on the evidence they uncovered, rather than providing it to Nunes to take to the president.
Spicer on Thursday declined to comment on the Times’ report.
A spokesman for Nunes, Jack Langer, said, “Chairman Nunes will not confirm or deny speculation about his source’s identity, and he will not respond to speculation from anonymous sources.”
Meanwhile on Thursday, the Senate Intelligence panel — which has managed to operate in a bipartisan fashion, in stark contrast to the House — held a two-part hearing on Russia’s election interference.
As he exited the hearing, the panel’s top Democrat, Mark Warner of Virginia, expressed bewilderment when asked about The New York Times report on Nunes’ sources.
“It gets more bizarre every day,” Warner said.
Added Sen. Martin Heinrich (D-N.M.), another member of the committee: “My reaction is I'm glad I'm on the Senate committee and not the House committee.”
Martin Matishak contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
White House press secretary Sean Spicer dodged questions about a report that two White House officials helped give Rep. Devin Nunes the intelligence reports behind his allegations that Trump transition team communications were incidentally monitored last year.
Nunes, the Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, announced last week that he had seen evidence that intelligence officials in the last months of the Obama administration had picked up communications involving members of President Donald Trump’s transition team. 
Story Continued Below
Nunes said the monitoring seemed to be legal and incidental, but Trump nonetheless asserted that it vindicated his unfounded claim that President Barack Obama ordered an illegal wiretap of his Trump Tower phone lines. Nunes himself has said the reports he saw do not support Trump’s claim. 
The congressman has declined to say who gave him the documents, but he later acknowledged traveling to the White House grounds to view them, prompting critics to question whether the administration was his source and if it had coordinated to push a good story for Trump.
Last week, Spicer cast doubt on that theory, saying it didn’t pass the “smell test.” But The New York Times reported Thursday that two White House officials had been involved in providing Nunes with the materials, furthering raising questions about his independence from Trump, whose campaign his committee is investigating for alleged ties to Russia.
Spicer repeatedly declined to confirm or deny the report at the Thursday afternoon news briefing and instead criticized the Times’ use of anonymous sources. He also dismissed reporters' questions about the implication of the report as "process" concerns.
“I'm not commenting on the reports,” Spicer told reporters. “We are not going to start commenting on one-off anonymous sources that publications publish.”
“I'm not going to get into it,” he added. 



ARTICLE
Russian President Vladimir Putin on Thursday unequivocally denied that the Kremlin tried to influence the 2016 U.S. presidential election — albeit while referencing the wrong American president’s quote to get his point across.
“Ronald Reagan, once debating about taxes and addressing the Americans, said, ‘Watch my lips,’” the Russian autocrat said, according to a translation, while pointing to his mouth. “Watch my lips. No!”
Story Continued Below
Putin was in fact somewhat quoting George H.W. Bush, who told Americans during the 1988 Republican National Convention, “Read my lips: No new taxes.”
Russia has repeatedly rejected the assessment from U.S. intelligence agencies, which identified Russia as the culprit behind a series of cyberattacks on Democratic targets during the campaign. The intelligence community also concluded that the Kremlin interfered to boost Donald Trump’s chances to beat Democrat Hillary Clinton.
“All those things are fictional, illusory and provocations, lies. All these are used for domestic American political agendas,” Putin told CNBC’s Geoff Cutmore, who moderated a panel at the Arctic Forum in Arkhanangelsk, Russia. “The anti-Russian card is played by different political forces inside the United States to trade on that and consolidate their positions inside the EU.”
The FBI and House and Senate Intelligence Committees are investigating Russia’s alleged influence on the presidential campaign, including possible collusion between Trump associates and the Russian government.
A number of individuals with ties to the president have admitted to meeting with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak and will likely testify before the congressional committees. Former national security adviser Michael Flynn discussed sanctions with Kislyak during the transition and misled Vice President Mike Pence about it, eventually leading to Flynn's ouster. Attorney General Jeff Sessions also met Kislyak twice last year, a fact he failed to disclose during testimony for confirmation to his Cabinet post.
Putin suggested a double standard exists between how the U.S. and Russia treat each other’s diplomats. The U.S. ambassador, he said, communicates freely with representatives of the government and major Russian companies.
“We don’t interfere. We on the contrary help and try to assist them,” Putin said. “Meanwhile, the contacts of our ambassador to the U.S. are limited, and there is negative response and reaction to any possible meeting of his. But he’s there in order to be able to maintain contacts with people: the political elites, with Senate and Congress, with the government administration. Otherwise, why had he come there?” 
Putin added that meetings with Russian bankers and businessmen are cited in U.S. reports “every now and then, but American businessmen also come to talk to Russian counterparts and Cabinet members.”
“So it’s not in the interest of the majority of the American people to make a bilateral relationship trying to favor the warmongers,” he said.



ARTICLE
Republican and Democratic veterans of Washington’s messy policymaking process have a vehement response to the idea that the White House, fresh from its failed attempt to repeal the Affordable Care Act, will take the lead on drafting legislation to reform the nation’s tax system: good luck with that.
Traditionally, the White House has stumbled when trying to craft major new legislation. Writing laws is, after all, what Congress gets paid to do — and lawmakers don’t like being big-footed by staffers at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave., even when they come from the same party.
Story Continued Below
“I really can’t think of a consequential piece of legislation written in the White House in decades,” Democratic former Senate Majority Leader Tom Daschle told POLITICO. “You’ve got to have legislators at the table. Legislators have to feel invested. If they’re not invested they have no stake in the game. They have no real reason to be cooperative or supportive, other than the issue itself. I think it’s a huge mistake to drive any legislative effort solely from the White House.”
White House press secretary Sean Spicer said earlier this week that President Donald Trump is “driving the train” on tax reform, a move that goes against the grain of recent history. The most recent examples that White House and legislative affairs veterans could recall in which bills with significant presidential input ended up being signed into law included the George W. Bush-era PATRIOT Act after the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks and the related bill creating the Department of Homeland Security, as well as President Barack Obama’s Trade Promotion Authority in 2015.
Some of the biggest legislative accomplishments over the past three decades that advanced with significant help from a president — Ronald Reagan’s 1986 tax reforms; George H.W. Bush’s 1990 budget bill; No Child Left Behind in 2001; the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act in 2009; and the Affordable Care Act in 2010 — actually originated from key legislative committees or congressional leadership circles.
“I tend to think the more specific you are the more likely you are to fail because it gives everyone something to shoot at,” said a former senior aide in the George W. Bush White House. On tax reform, the GOP staffer warned that going public with details means “some group somewhere will find something saying they can’t live with it.”
One of Trump’s biggest challenges: He’s working with a GOP-led House and Senate dominated by members who were elected under Obama, and who are more familiar with finding ways to tank major initiatives than with getting on board.
Several leading lawmakers told POLITICO the Trump White House would be smart to keep its powder dry on the details.
“I don’t think they should” release legislative text, said Iowa Republican Sen. Chuck Grassley, a legislative veteran. “What they better do is just work with the people in the Senate Finance Committee like me and people in the Ways and Means Committee, work as a collegial group, to see what can be done.”
Another member of the tax-writing Finance panel, North Carolina Republican Sen. Richard Burr, concurred: “Every White House has written legislation themselves. But they’ve never gotten us to pass their bills.”
Democrats smarting from the president’s blustery rhetoric and early policy moves on everything from immigration to climate change also said they’d rather have Trump butt out as Congress develops his big initiatives.
Rep. Richard Neal, the top Democrat on the House Ways and Means Committee, said Trump would be better off leaving the details of tax reform to Congress, especially when the executive branch remains short-handed without senior officials confirmed at Treasury and other key agencies. “I don’t think the executive branch can drive tax reform,” the Massachusetts lawmaker said. “Many of us have spent careers working on this stuff.”
White House aides did not respond to questions seeking to clarify whether Trump intended to write bill text that lawmakers would be asked to work from, or if the president would instead offer a loose set of legislative principles.
House Speaker Paul Ryan has long dreamed of passing a major overhaul of the nation’s corporate tax system, and some senior lawmakers and GOP aides said this week that they welcome a White House push if it means turning decades of talk on such a complicated issue into progress.
Yet Ryan and others in the House GOP leadership are waiting for a clearer signal from the Trump White House and its Treasury Department on what it wants out of a tax package, and they’re especially interested in hearing the president take a position on a controversial Republican proposal to tax imports and exempt exports, also called the border adjustment tax.
“We think this is great,” a House GOP leadership aide said in response to a question about Spicer’s “driving the train” pledge for tax reform. “We need to be working together with presidential push if we’re going to get it done.”
Trump’s recent health care defeat has also opened the door to suggestions he could make progress on another one of his big-ticket priorities — infrastructure — by working with Democrats on a bill that kick-starts repairs for the country’s roads, bridges and airports. Sen. Tim Kaine, the Virginia Democrat and Hillary Clinton’s 2016 running mate, said White House leadership on the issue could pay off if it responds by incorporating some of the ideas his party has already sent to the president.
“Driving the train is great, but hopefully listening to others while you’re driving the train, that’d be even better,” Kaine told POLITICO. “We’ve given ideas. If they really want to work together, we’ll see some of those ideas in a proposal he might make.”
Starting with a clear outline from Trump might also help limit the influence of special interests on the Hill. “I believe any real meaningful tax reform is going to be a long, hard struggle, process-wise,” Arizona GOP Sen. John McCain said in an interview. “Every lobbyist on Earth is going to be descending on this town. It’ll be a lobbyist bonanza.”
For now, there’s no formal schedule for votes, though a top Republican aide said a House Ways and Means Committee markup on the issue could start in May.
Trump officials are reportedly considering pairing infrastructure and a tax overhaul together — something that’s long been suggested in policy circles.
South Dakota Sen. John Thune, the chamber’s No. 3 Republican leader, said this week he thinks that approach represented the “best path” forward for both bills. In addition, he said the president’s bully pulpit would be especially beneficial for the progress in the more conservative House.
“Right now the echo chamber for what they’re trying to do I don’t think is big enough,” Thune said. “I think it’d be helpful actually for the House for the White House to be more engaged.”



ARTICLE
A judge in Hawaii has extended a broad block on President Donald Trump's revised travel ban, turning aside pleas from the federal government to narrow or drop an earlier order forbidding the president from implementing key parts of his plan.
In a ruling Wednesday, U.S. District Court Judge Derrick Watson converted the temporary restraining order he issued into a preliminary injunction. He did not alter his earlier instruction that the federal government be barred from implementing a ban on issuance of visas to citizens of six majority-Muslim countries and from carrying out a plan to suspend refugee admissions worldwide.
Story Continued Below
Although Trump redrafted an earlier version of the executive order that was blocked by other federal courts, Watson said the revised version still appeared to be driven by anti-Muslim sentiment. And he again flatly rejected the Justice Department's calls to ignore Trump's public statements about seeking a ban on immigration and travel from Muslim countries in order to fend off terrorism.
"Where the 'historical context and "the specific sequence of events leading up to"' the adoption of the challenged Executive Order are as full of religious animus, invective, and obvious pretext as is the record here, it is no wonder that the Government urges the Court to altogether ignore that history and context," Watson wrote. "The Court, however, declines to do so. ... The Court will not crawl into a corner, pull the shutters closed, and pretend it has not seen what it has."
The Justice Department said it "strongly disagrees" with the federal district court’s ruling.
 “The President’s Executive Order falls squarely within his lawful authority in seeking to protect our Nation’s security, and the Department will continue to defend this Executive Order in the courts,” an agency spokeswoman said.
After the judge blocked Trump's revised order two weeks ago, the president told a crowd in Nashville that the new directive amounted to “a watered-down version of the first one.” Watson cited that statement in his ruling Wednesday.
The judge said he was sensitive to concerns that Trump's public remarks from the presidential campaign and since taking office should not forever preclude him from taking necessary security steps, but that the Justice Department had failed to show a bona fide difference in the motivation behind the second executive order.
"The Court recognizes that it is not the case that the Administration’s past conduct must forever taint any effort by it to address the security concerns of the nation," Watson wrote. "Based upon the preliminary record available, however, one cannot conclude that the actions taken during the interval between [the] revoked Executive Order .. and the new Executive Order represent 'genuine changes in constitutionally significant conditions.'"
Watson also specifically declined to rein in his decision to cover only the 90-day ban on visa issuance, saying that the federal government's request that he do so "makes little sense" and that federal officials failed to provide a clear way for him to segregate "internal" policy review aspects of Trump's order from provisions like the visa ban and refugee halt.
The Obama appointee's latest ruling came after a hearing earlier Wednesday in federal court in Honolulu where lawyers for the State of Hawaii and for a local Muslim leader squared off with a Justice Department attorney.
An appeal to the San Francisco-based 9th Circuit Court of Appeals is expected. Last month, a three-judge panel of that court declined to disturb a Seattle-based federal judge's broad order blocking key parts of Trump's original executive order.
The Trump administration has already appealed a narrower ruling by a federal judge in Maryland, who blocked the visa-ban provision of Trump's revised order at the request of refugee aid groups and others. That appeal is pending at the Richmond, Virginia-based 4th Circuit, which is considering whether to have the appeal decided by the court's full 15-member bench instead of the typical smaller panel.
In a filing with the 4th Circuit earlier Wednesday, the Justice Department said it did not object to the initial en banc hearing that the appeals court is mulling, but supported the idea only if it would not delay a ruling on the appeal.
Further appeals or emergency applications to the Supreme Court are expected from whoever loses in the appeals court showdowns over Trump’s signature policy initiative.



ARTICLE
Republicans are escalating their fight over the future of the internet, triggering a battle that Democrats plan to take into the 2018 election.
Congressional Republicans drew blood this week by voting to repeal the Federal Communications Commission’s Obama-era broadband privacy rules. The GOP's next target is likely to be the Obama administration's top technology legacy: net neutrality rules that essentially require internet providers to treat all Web traffic equally, a policy championed by Silicon Valley.
Story Continued Below
Even in a Capitol often dominated by fights over defense or health care, the GOP’s technology offensive has handed a potential political weapon to Democrats and consumer groups, who are eager to use it. Democrats followed Tuesday’s privacy vote by launching broadsides against GOP Sens. Jeff Flake of Arizona and Dean Heller of Nevada, supporters of the privacy repeal who face reelection in 2018 — denouncing the GOP work as “creepy” and “indefensible.”
“Voters across party lines understand the importance of personal privacy and are not going to be happy as they find out that Republican senators and Senate candidates used a party-line vote to put data including health and financial information for sale to the highest bidder," said Ben Ray, a spokesman for the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee.
The stakes are only going to rise, as Republicans in Congress and at President Donald Trump's FCC turn their sights to the Obama-era net neutrality rules, which are designed to prevent internet providers from blocking, slowing or creating fast lanes for Web traffic. Those regulations, which the commission passed in 2015 in what it called its Open Internet Order, transformed how the federal government oversees the internet by classifying broadband as a utility-style service. Democrats see the net neutrality rules as fundamental rights for internet users and are planning to fight tooth and nail to keep them.
"You saw what happened in just a few short days," Democratic former FCC aide Gigi Sohn said of Democrats' aggressive but ill-fated effort to block the GOP privacy measure. "This will be months and months and months of emails, phone calls, Twitter, Facebook, everything you can imagine."
Republicans battled for months to repeal the FCC privacy rules, which would have restricted internet providers like Comcast and AT&T from using or selling data like browsing history without consumer consent. Broadband providers complained that the rules, approved by the commission’s previous Democratic majority on a 3-2 party-line vote in October and set to go into effect later this year, would give an unfair advantage to tech companies like Google and Facebook that also use consumer data but aren’t covered by the FCC regulations. 
Republicans made the privacy rules one of their first targets for repeal under the Congressional Review Act, a legislative tool that the GOP has used several times this year to undo the Obama administration’s regulations. 
In response, Democrats have ratcheted up the political rhetoric and messaging in hopes of turning voters against the GOP. 
The DSCC says it's running Google search ads against Flake and Heller on the issue, and state Democratic parties in Indiana, Nevada, North Dakota and Michigan are hammering Republicans there over the vote. They're getting reinforcements from outside organizations like the tech activist group Fight For The Future, which says it will put up billboards in Washington and key districts around the country to call the GOP’s action a "betrayal" of voters.
Republicans have sought to turn the tables on Democrats, arguing that it's actually the FCC privacy and net neutrality rules that harm consumers. They say the fact that websites like Facebook and Yahoo aren't covered by the privacy rules would confuse consumers and suggest that the agency's prescriptive regulations would block broadband providers from innovating.
"The impact of these rigid regulations has the potential to stifle one of the most innovative sectors of our nation's economy," House Energy and Commerce Chairman Greg Walden (R-Ore.) said in support of the repeal resolution Tuesday. "And it is consumers who will suffer."
The White House supports the effort to block the FCC privacy rules, but press secretary Sean Spicer declined to defend it when asked about the issue during Wednesday's briefing. "When we sign it, I'm sure we'll have further details on why," he said.
With a Trump signature set to wipe the privacy rules off the books, the GOP is turning its attention to the net neutrality rules — the Obama administration’s biggest tech legacy and Republicans’ top tech target over the past two years. 
Republicans say those rules could stifle investment in broadband networks and limit innovative offerings like so-called free data services from wireless companies. FCC Chairman Ajit Pai offered the latest signal Tuesday that he would repeal those regulations, highlighting the importance of returning authority over internet providers to the Federal Trade Commission, which lost that jurisdiction as a result of the FCC's net neutrality rules.
“I strongly opposed usurping the FTC, and the FCC’s struggles to address the privacy issue over the past couple of years (along with its refusal to recognize consumers’ uniform expectation of privacy) has only strengthened that view,” he said in statement. 
Pai’s FCC has the power to rescind the net neutrality rules, but doing so could cause a firestorm that makes the privacy backlash look quaint. Consumer groups have already previewed a fight akin to the uproar over the 2012 Stop Online Piracy Act, a copyright bill that prompted websites like Wikipedia and Reddit to go dark in protest and sparked a wave of calls and emails to Congress. 
Some congressional Republicans like Walden and Senate Commerce Chairman John Thune (R-S.D.) want to pass more limited net neutrality rules as a middle ground, but many Senate Democrats, including Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.), have painted that compromise as a nonstarter.
"We think the Open Internet Order has been good for the public, good for consumers, and we think it’s tremendously popular with people, too," said Rep. Mike Doyle (D-Pa.). "While they have the power and authority to do it, I just think they’re going to pay a heavy price if they keep moving in the direction they’re moving."
Margaret Harding McGill and Ashley Gold contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
House Intelligence Committee ranking Democrat Adam Schiff said he'll meet with Chairman Devin Nunes on Thursday to discuss their ongoing stalemate over the panel's probe into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election. 
Schiff — who in recent days has publicly called for Nunes to recuse himself from the investigation — told CNN he and Nunes had not yet agreed on terms to hear testimony from FBI Director James Comey and former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates. 
Story Continued Below
According to Schiff, Nunes was seeking to have Comey testify on the subject before the panel in a closed- door meeting next Tuesday, instead of having an open hearing the same day. 
"We weren't willing to do that," Schiff said of the plans to meet behind closed doors. 
The senior iItelligence Democrat added that he'd be willing to participate in a closed session with Comey, but not as a substitute for the planned open hearing with Comey, Yates and former Director of Central Intelligence John Brennan that Nunes had cancelled. 
Schiff said Nunes was the only person currently standing in the way of Yates testifying before the committee.
“We would like [Yates] to testify. The public would like to hear would she has to say,” Schiff said. “There is no obstacle to having her come in now except a decision by the chair not to reschedule that hearing.”
During his appearance on "The Situation Room," Schiff proposed a compromise. 
"We propose, let's do both. We're more than happy to do both and are waiting to hear back on that," he said. 
Schiff also kept up his criticism of how Nunes is handling the probe. 
“We can’t conduct an investigation this way," he said. "That's not sustainable. It’s not credible”



ARTICLE
Riffing during a fundraising dinner before the National Republican Congressional Committee, President Donald Trump asked if anyone knew Abraham Lincoln was a Republican.
“Great president. Most people don't even know he was a Republican," Trump said earlier this month. "Does anyone know? Lot of people don't know that.”
Story Continued Below
The president’s statement was met with ridicule — and this wasn’t the first time. From implying famed abolitionist Frederick Douglass was still alive to praising both Andrew Jackson and Henry Clay, two bitter rivals, within a week, presidential historians say Trump is showing he lacks a solid grasp on history.
Most recent presidents have entered the Oval Office with a fierce curiosity about their predecessors, but Trump acknowledged not reading any presidential biographies before he clinched the Republican nomination — and he hasn’t indicated he intends to read one soon.
Trump’s remarks Wednesday to the Women’s Empowerment Panel showcased his freewheeling approach to history. Although he was factually correct about the history of Abigail Adams, Harriet Tubman and Susan B. Anthony, his delivery raised eyebrows. After describing Harriet Tubman as “very, very courageous, believe me,” he asked the audience a strange question about Anthony.
“Have you heard of Susan B. Anthony?” he asked.
Trump particularly stands out from former presidents Barack Obama, George W. Bush, Bill Clinton and George H.W. Bush, who all took an intense interest in history.
“They were all people who had read about the past, they were very invested in thinking of themselves in the trajectory of other presidents,” said Julian Zelizer, a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University. “That’s not who [Trump] is. … He’s not someone who reads deeply, he’s not someone who even identifies, necessarily, with the long trajectory of presidents.”
Obama’s interest in history was reflected clearly in his speeches, especially his second inaugural address. That speech was full of allusions, including to the Revolutionary War, Lincoln, the Civil War and John F. Kennedy’s 1961 inaugural. Obama also used that speech to reference Dr. Martin Luther King and the struggle for civil rights at Seneca Falls, Selma and Stonewall.
This stood in contrast to Trump’s “American carnage” inaugural address which did not touch on much history.
Although comedy about George W. Bush often centered on perceiving him as illiterate, Bush was a constant reader. A history major at Yale, Bush often cited history and met with historians to discuss his predecessors. In speeches, he expressed a belief that history would vindicate him, particularly as he faced low favorability ratings near the end of his presidency, as the nation tired of foreign entanglements.
Trump, on the other hand, has said he reads “passages” but didn’t “have the time” to read books when asked to identify the book he read most recently during the campaign.
“It’s sort of frightening,” Harold Holzer, a historian focused on Lincoln whom Clinton appointed to lead a commission celebrating Lincoln’s bicentennial, said about Trump. “We’ve just come through 20 years where presidents of both parties really expressed a very strong interest, not only in Lincoln in their own reading, but in perpetuating the idea of learning about and from Lincoln.”
A lack of detailed knowledge about history, however, does not mean Trump is cavalier about his new job. He described walking into the White House as president as a “surreal” experience and has said he was struck by the magnitude of the office at the start of his term.
And Trump’s allies — and critics — have not been shy about making historical comparisons about his presidency.
While Trump and chief strategist Steve Bannon see the president as a “man of the people” in the style of Andrew Jackson, Vice President Mike Pence has compared Trump to Ronald Reagan on a number of occasions. Trump critics compare him to Richard Nixon, often mentioning Trump’s adversarial relationship with the news media and the FBI investigation into collusion between Trump’s campaign and Russia to influence the 2016 election.
Jackson remains the predecessor Trump has most embraced, and the president visited Jackson’s grave site to honor the 250th anniversary of his birth. Trump also hung a portrait of Jackson in the Oval office.
Since Jackson’s historical stock has fallen greatly in recent years, some saw this as an odd choice. Although he has been consistently ranked in the top 10 of presidents historically, more focus has been placed on his inhumane removal of Native Americans from the southeastern United States. State Democratic Parties are increasingly renaming “Jefferson-Jackson” dinners, distancing themselves from Jackson. 
At the 250th birthday event, Trump criticized Jackson’s old rival Clay as part of the privileged elite that was terrified at Jackson’s election, a fair assessment. However, speaking in Kentucky later that week, Trump took a more favorable view of Clay, praising his trade policy. Historians say most presidents selectively choose bits and pieces of historical figure’s policies to centralize.
“It’s not overly surprising that he would say nice things about Andrew Jackson at the Hermitage and say nice things about Henry Clay in Louisville,” Daniel Feller, a professor at the University of Tennessee and an expert on Jackson, said. “In fact, you might say that it's par for the course.”
Lincoln himself is a prime example of a president admiring one aspect of a former president he largely disagreed with, Feller said.
As a Whig, Lincoln built his political career opposing Jackson. However, as president, Lincoln admired Jackson’s approach to the nullification crisis with South Carolina during his presidency and likened it to his own showdown with the Southern states during the start of secession. Lincoln even hung a painting of Jackson in his office.
“Jackson’s anti-nullification posture and his strength in the face of secession becomes a rallying point for a president who despised him for his whole political career,” Holzer said. “And if that’s not a moment when someone utilizes history in a very targeted and specific way, then nothing is. So if Lincoln can do it, I guess Donald Trump can do it.”
Since speeches and public comments are almost always prepared by the president’s aides, they are more likely than the president to be picking and choosing the historical references the president uses.
“By allowing themselves to be put in a place where it’s being used incorrectly or reflecting a lack of knowledge about someone like Frederick Douglass … it makes them look like they’re not as well prepared in engaging with the public as they should be,” Laura Belmonte, a professor of history at Oklahoma State University said. 
At the Jackson event, Trump mistakenly said Jackson imposed tariffs on foreign countries to protect workers, which Feller said is “the exact opposite of correct.” However, Feller guessed that a member of Trump’s staff had spoken with him, as Trump had corrected himself by the time he got to Kentucky, identifying Clay as the protectionist. Despite that mistake, Feller said Trump’s overall statements on Jackson were “pretty good.”
Trump’s comments on Frederick Douglass, however, were widely criticized. Trump said Douglass, the famous abolitionist and former slave who died in 1895 “has done an amazing job and is being recognized more and more.”
Zelizer said the Trump administration’s exclusion of Jews from the Holocaust Remembrance statement and the comment on Douglass may have deeper implications, although it’s possible Trump simply didn’t know who Douglass was.
“There’s others who would read i t... into the underside of the Trump campaign and presidency, that this is him being flippant about a very important African-American as a way to dismiss who it is,” Zelizer said. “That it’s not simply ignorance, it's actually being dismissive and sending dog whistles, or whatever signal to others who feel that way.”
White House press secretary Sean Spicer has called criticism of the Holocaust statement “pathetic,” because, he said, the statement acknowledged all those affected by the Holocaust. As for Douglass, Spicer was more unclear, saying through Trump’s recognition, “the contributions of Douglass will become more and more.”
The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Wednesday.
Trump’s supporters were very forgiving of his gaffes during the campaign, and the start of Trump’s presidency suggests that’s not going to change. 
Although some of his supporters probably wish Trump knew a little more about history, as long as he accomplishes what he sets out to do, they won’t mind, Lori Cox Han, a presidency scholar and professor of political science at Chapman University, said.
“I think this is such an issue-intensive political environment right now, he can get almost everything wrong in terms of history or basic knowledge, but if he gets stuff done, the people who elected him won’t care,” she said.
Those who would be fazed by Trump’s gaffes with history, Feller said, likely would have been already turned off by many other aspects of Trump’s administration.
But Trump’s loose command of history may be detrimental to his decision-making as president, Holzer said.
“The presidents that I’ve spoken to about history and about the people who occupied the White House in the past had a real curiosity about the presidency and about presidents,” he said. “Anybody who faces a crisis should read about how other presidents face crises, because they do learn from each other.”



ARTICLE
TULARE, Calif. — Devin Nunes, the embattled chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, is caught in a Washington maelstrom surrounding his role in the Trump-Russia investigation. Democrats are demanding he recuse himself from the probe. Even a few Republican colleagues have called his stewardship into question amid concerns of coordination between the congressman and the White House.
Back home, however, there is little evidence that Nunes’ grind through news cycle after news cycle is turning his district against him. Even Republicans left scratching their heads by his actions are inclined to give Nunes the benefit of the doubt. If anything, his difficulties in Washington are only improving his stock among Republicans at home.
Story Continued Below
“Every time Devin comes on TV, we’re very proud of him,” said Mariann Hedstrom, chairwoman of the Tulare County Republican Party.
Earlier this week, while plowing through yet another segment on Nunes, the afternoon host on Fresno’s KMJ talk radio expressed sympathy for his plight, perplexed by the “strange ride” the Central Valley Republican took to meet a source on White House grounds but largely reserving judgment.
“The way he’s being lambasted and barbecued right now, how much worse can it get?” said the host, Chris Daniel, before turning to a live shot of Nunes on TV. “Somebody please get this guy a Tempur-Pedic and 10 hours alone so he can sleep.”
Once named one of Time magazine’s “40 under 40” civic leaders, Nunes, now 43, has cultivated a loyal following in his hometown as a member of a prominent farming family in this agricultural city straddling Highway 99. 
His supporters portray him as a victim of partisan politics. If they are unsure about his activities — including his decision to brief President Donald Trump on evidence that he said showed members of Trump’s transition team came under inadvertent surveillance — they are inclined to set their reservations aside.
“My guess is he probably wishes he did something different when he talked to the president,” said Steve Brandau, a Republican member of the Fresno City Council who said he nevertheless supports Nunes fully.
“I haven’t seen anything that’s really given me pause yet,” Brandau said. “I have no idea the way it works in the intelligence community. … He’s earned that, to give him the benefit of the doubt.”
The dominant newspaper in Nunes’ district, the Fresno Bee, was less forgiving over the weekend, calling Nunes’ handling of the investigation “inept and bewildering” and describing him as “subservient” to Trump. The editorial served to reinforce some groaning among critics — some of them national Republicans — who view Nunes as out of his depth.
“The problem that he’s created is he’s gone off on a lark by himself, sort of an Inspector Clouseau investigation here,” Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said on NBC’s “Today” show Tuesday. “The only way this thing can be repaired is he tells his colleagues on the House Intel committee who he met with and what he saw and let them look at the same information.”
Yet Nunes maintains the support of Republicans in the House, and in a home district where Republicans outnumber Democrats by 10 percentage points but are still growing accustomed to a local representative making national headline news.
Johnny Amaral, Nunes' former longtime chief of staff, said Nunes is “not a guy who rushes towards reporters or news cameras.”
“I have no idea what it is he knows, but the Devin I knew doesn’t do this type of stuff normally,” Amaral said. “And if he does … I can only surmise that it’s something big.”
In the weeks after Trump’s election, speculation circulated in Tulare that the congressman might move into the administration. He was not an early endorser of the president’s campaign, but he was no resister, and he was close enough to the inner circle that he served on the transition team. When he did not land an administration post, it was widely assumed that he would resume his previous, lower profile.
Now, while Republicans root him on, there are also signs that Nunes’ constituents are tiring of the controversy. Over a highball at the Elks Lodge in Tulare this week, Jim Lowrey, a Democrat, said “you never did hear too much about Devin over the last seven, eight years,” and for all that time he “did a really pretty good job.”
But in recent weeks, Lowrey said, “I think he’s protecting Trump.”
Lowrey’s date, Karen McKinney, a Republican, disagreed, and she was eager to move on from Russia. As long as Washington focuses on the investigation, she said, “nothing’s going to get done.”
The Central Valley is not unaccustomed to public expressions of partisan politics. Roadside signs blaming House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and other Democrats for environmental policies restricting water deliveries to the area have stood for years amid orchards and vineyards as fixtures of the landscape. Nunes has contributed to the discord, as well, sharply criticizing Pelosi in recent years and, at one point, running ads attacking Sen. Dianne Feinstein.
Pelosi has returned the favor in full, recently referring to her California colleague as “deeply compromised” and “a stooge of the president.”
Connie Conway, a former state Assembly Republican leader from Tulare, said she can “hardly look at Facebook anymore … The world has gotten so hyperpolitical, and even an old political hack like me, I tire of it.”
Conway, who has known Nunes since before he won election to Congress in 2002, described him as a “serious person” who is “just trying to get to the truth” in the Russia investigation.
“He’s not doing these things lightly,” she said. “People that are critical of anything that a person with an ‘R’ after their name does are using (the investigation) as an excuse to be critical of him.”
Conway had one other complaint — about the pronunciation of Nunes’ name.
“I wish they’d say his name right,” she said. “If I hear that Chuck Schumer one more time calling him ‘Núñez' — it drives me crazy.”



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump is looking to his wife, First Lady Melania Trump, for tips on how to improve his poll numbers. 
Trump, addressing a women’s empowerment panel Wednesday, said Melania is “doing a great job.” 
Story Continued Below
“I shouldn’t say this, but her poll numbers have gone through the roof last week,” Trump said. “What was that all about? Through the roof. She has to give us the secret, Mike.” 
While the president’s approval rating has fallen into the 30s, Melania’s has soared. Fifty-two percent of Americans said they have a favorable view of her, while 32 percent view her unfavorably, according to a recent CNN/ORC poll. Three percent have never heard of her, while 12 percent have no opinion. 
This is a sharp increase from the start of Trump’s presidency, when just 36 percent saw the first lady favorably. 



ARTICLE
Ivanka Trump on Wednesday said she will take a formal but unpaid role in President Donald Trump’s White House.
POLITICO reported last week that the president’s daughter had secured her own office on the second floor of the West Wing and begun the process of obtaining a security clearance and government-issued communications devices. 
Story Continued Below
The arrangement raised ethics concerns — she remains connected to her eponymous fashion and jewelry brand, which counselor to the president Kellyanne Conway endorsed from the White House in a Fox News interview — although Ivanka Trump had said in a statement that she would “voluntarily” abide by ethics restrictions on government employees. 
Democratic Sens. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts and Tom Carper of Delaware sent a letter to Office of Government Ethics Director Walter Shaub earlier Wednesday requesting information on the first daughter’s compliance with federal ethics rules.
“I have heard the concerns some may have with my advising the president in my personal capacity while voluntarily complying with all ethics rules and I will instead serve as an unpaid employee in the White House office, subject to all of the same rules as other federal employees,” Ivanka Trump said in a statement to The New York Times, which first reported that she would take a formal role in the White House.
“Throughout this process I have been working closely and in good faith with the White House Counsel and my personal counsel to address the unprecedented nature of my role,” added Ivanka Trump, who will serve as a special assistant to the president.
Ivanka Trump, however, will join not only her father in the White House but also her husband, Jared Kushner, who is a senior adviser to the president.
The arrangement the White House initially announced appeared to defy Justice Department legal opinions that said advisers either had to have an official position or be informal and outside the White House operation.
But by accepting a formal title and government position, Ivanka Trump is going down a route the Justice Department blessed in an opinion issued in January that said there was no obstacle to the president appointing his relatives to posts in the White House.
“We are pleased that Ivanka Trump has chosen to take this step in her unprecedented role as First Daughter and in support of the President,” a spokeswoman for the president told The Times. “Ivanka’s service as an unpaid employee furthers our commitment to ethics, transparency, and compliance and affords her increased opportunities to lead initiatives driving real policy benefits for the American public that would not have been available to her previously.”
Josh Gerstein contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
The health care debacle, the travel ban setback, difficulties with Mexico, a slew of empty positions across the government — all are symptoms or causes of President Donald Trump’s rocky first few weeks in office. They also have another thing in common: White House press secretary Sean Spicer has used the word “phenomenal” to describe them.
To be fair, Spicer has also deployed the term with more auspicious results — including the president’s ability to get his message out, to describe Terry Branstad’s prospects as ambassador to China and to discuss the Governors Ball.
Story Continued Below
But there’s an unmistakable connection between his use of “phenomenal” and issues that seem to be not going so hot for the White House.
POLITICO took a look at Spicer’s unusual habit with one of his favorite adjectives:
OBAMACARE REPEAL: 
Almost everything that could go wrong did, and the Republicans came up empty after seven years of promising repeal of the Affordable Care Act, despite being handed full control of the government by voters. But you wouldn’t have known the GOP’s bill was careening toward disaster from Spicer’s briefings (unless, perhaps, you’d already picked up on his ‘phenomenal’ tick).
“I think Speaker Ryan did a phenomenal job today of really laying this out,” Spicer said of Ryan’s rollout of the health care bill on March 9.
“And as we continue to meet with members and talk to them and get their ideas, I think we're going to have a phenomenal outcome of this bill,” Spicer said of the bill on March 14, as its prospects darkened.
And on March 23, the day before the bill was pulled, Spicer praised the president’s efforts to get it through: “The President has done a phenomenal job, there's no question.”
HOUSE INTELLIGENCE CHAIRMAN NUNES:
There are growing calls for Devin Nunes to recuse himself from the House’s investigation into Russian interference in the election after he briefed the White House on information before alerting his fellow committee members, in what many saw as a move to give Trump political cover for his unsubstantiated wiretapping claim. Things have gotten worse for Nunes since then.
At the March 8 briefing, Spicer noted Nunes’ work on the Russia investigation, saying, “…Chairman Nunes, who has done a phenomenal job of trying to get to the bottom of this.”
TRAVEL BANS:
The administration’s two attempts to institute a travel ban on people coming to the United States from seven — and later six — Muslim majority countries have led to humbling defeats in court.
After the first ban was blocked in court, Spicer touted both the preparation and rollout of the second attempt. It was quickly blocked by federal judges in Hawaii and Maryland before it could be implemented.
On Feb. 21, Spicer praised the preparation of the second ban: “Well, I think we have done a phenomenal job of working with the various departments, particularly DHS and DOJ, State, and through the White House staff, to make sure that we are well within any concerns that the court might have.” 
He had similar praise the day it was signed.
“I think today was about the implementation of it, was about having the three departments that are expressly named to implement this to talk about what they’re doing to implement it,” Spicer said at that day’s press briefing. “And I think they did a phenomenal job about it.”
STAFFING AND GOVERNMENT:
Another early stumbling block for the administration has been the unfilled positions across the federal government — a number of vacancies the conservative National Review declared on Tuesday was “astonishing” and “another glaring sign that the young administration is ill-prepared for the duties of governing.” 
Of 553 key positions identified by the non-partisan Partnership for Public Service, Trump has named only 61 people, according to the National Review.
Spicer, though, had a different take. 
“This has been a very methodical process that has seen from top to bottom through, and I think we're doing a phenomenal job of staffing the government,” he said at the Feb. 22 press briefing.
U.S.-MEXICO RELATIONS:
The Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto cancelled his first planned visit to meet with Trump and Mexican officials continue to insist the nation will not pay for Trump’s proposed border wall.
But Spicer had a different take.
“I think the relationship with Mexico is phenomenal right now, and I think there's an unbelievable and robust dialogue between our two nations,” Spicer said on Feb. 22.
SUPREME COURT NOMINEE NEIL GORSUCH:
Spicer has been bullish from the beginning on Gorsuch’s prospects of landing on the Supreme Court, and he appears likely to be vindicated. Gorsuch sailed through his confirmation hearings and Republican senators remain happy with the pick. But Democrats appear likely to filibuster the nomination, potentially forcing Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell to invoke the so-called “nuclear option,” changing the Senate rules with a simple majority.
In what may be an ominous sign for Gorsuch, Spicer has described the announcement, his performance at the hearings and McConnell’s ability to shepherd him through as — you guessed it — “phenomenal.” 



ARTICLE
Oklahoma City Mayor Mick Cornett said President Donald Trump and his Cabinet should pay more attention to the details of their immigration policy rather than threatening “sanctuary cities,” which mayors said was an imprecise term used to stir up fears among voters.
“We’re not interested in some label or term that seems to be generated by people outside the mainstream for some political or manipulative effect,” said Cornett, a Republican who will soon finish his term as president of the U.S. Conference of Mayors. 
Story Continued Below
Attorney General Jeff Sessions used the term “sanctuary cities” at the podium in the White House briefing room on Monday as he threatened to cut federal funding for any city that does not fully comply with current federal immigration laws.
But mayors in Washington on Wednesday said the Trump administration has relied on the politicized term without clarifying what it considers a “sanctuary city” or what cities must do to keep federal funding intact.
Asked if he felt Sessions was being political or manipulative in using the term, Cornett threw his hands up. 
“To me that’s the only end result of that term. It’s not a term that we understand or use,” Cornett said. 
New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu, a Democrat who will become the mayors group’s new president in June, said various members of the Trump administration appeared to be referring to different things when they talked about sanctuary cities.
“It’s become a political term that’s not defined in law,” Landrieu said. “So when people say, ‘You’re a sanctuary city,’ well, define it for me. They say, ‘Well, we don’t have a definition for you.’” 
Cornett and Landrieu were among several mayors and police chiefs who met with Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly on Wednesday morning. Members of the group said they were happy to be in conversation with the administration, but they said confusion remained about White House policy on immigration.
Mayors said there was no clarity, for example, on whether the White House expects them to share the immigration status of people who seek medical help or are arrested for certain crimes. There is no law requiring that local authorities share this information with the federal government, and cities have established their own procedures.
Landrieu said he’s also concerned that the Trump administration’s rhetoric and policy is leading to a spike in crime because people living in the country illegally are afraid to report incidents, giving offenders the sense of free rein. 
And he predicted crime in cities would only get worse if the administration followed through on threats to pull Homeland Security and other federal policing money from cities that don’t follow Trump’s instructions on immigration policy.
“For General Kelly, who’s used to telling everybody to listen to the generals on the ground, the police chiefs are the generals on the ground,” Landrieu said. So if mayors and police chiefs tell Kelly certain policies enable crime, he said, "you should pay attention to that.”



ARTICLE
More than two months into President Donald Trump’s administration, Melania Trump is easing into her role as first lady.
Trump presented the secretary of state’s International Women of Courage Award to a dozen women on Wednesday at the State Department, where she shared an uplifting message for the youth.
Story Continued Below
“To the young people here today, I ask you to allow the triumphs exemplified by these heroic women to inspire you in your own lives and to remind yourself that you, too, are capable of greatness,” she said. “I urge you to not be afraid to fail. A failure will never have the power to define you as long as you learn from it. And realize that your first steps will always involve taking a leap of faith, by believing in yourself while choosing to replace fear for hope.”
Trump, in a sense, has only recently begun taking her first steps as first lady. She has largely been absent from the first weeks of her husband’s administration, spending most of her time with their son, Barron, in New York as he finishes out the school year.
But she has been notably active in Washington this week, announcing on Monday that deputy White House press secretary Stephanie Grisham would transition to being her communications director. Trump also joined the president Tuesday evening to host a bipartisan reception with senators and their spouses at the White House.
“Mrs. Trump is working hard on her initiatives while balancing being a mother, a wife and serving the country as the First Lady,” Grisham said in a statement to POLITICO. “The team continues to grow and we look forward to the work ahead.”
Grisham said Trump has been “very busy” since her husband’s inauguration, noting her appearances during state visits from foreign leaders and at occasional bill signings. Trump, Grisham continued, also hosted a women’s empowerment luncheon earlier this month and will host next month’s White House Easter Egg Roll.
On Wednesday, though, her focus was recognizing women.
“I am deeply humbled to be here today to honor these 12 remarkable and inspirational women who have given so much for so many regardless of the unimaginable threat to their own personal safety. Each one of these heroic women has been an extraordinary story of courage, which must inspire each of us to also achieve more than we have ever imagined possible,” she said. 
Trump has said she wants to focus on cyberbullying as first lady. In a rare speech days before her husband’s election, she highlighted anti-cyberbullying as “one of the main focuses of my work if I’m privileged enough to become your first lady” — along with working to improve women’s everyday lives.
As Women’s History Month comes to a close, she focused mostly on the latter Wednesday.
“As leaders of our shared global community, we must continue to work towards gender empowerment and respect for people from all backgrounds and ethnicities, remembering always that we are all ultimately members of one race, the human race,” she said. “Each one of us is uniquely gifted. We must continue to lead a forum of American values as we join with the international community to make our world safer through acts of collaborative and individual bravery.”
White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Wednesday that the president shares the same view as his wife on women empowerment.
“The president believes as the first lady said this morning, quote: ‘Wherever women are diminished, the entire world is diminished with them. However, wherever women are empowered, towns, villages, schools and economies are empowered, and together we are all made stronger,’” Spicer said, citing an excerpt from the first lady's remarks. “The Trump administration will continue to work to ensure that the American economy is a place where women can work and thrive.”



ARTICLE
One day after a heated briefing-room exchange with April Ryan, a correspondent with American Urban Radio Networks, White House press secretary Sean Spicer praised the longtime White House reporter as a “tough woman” and said accusations that he had treated Ryan unfairly are “demeaning to her.”
 Spicer took objection during Tuesday’s press briefing to a question from Ryan about possible ties between President Donald Trump’s campaign and the Russian government, pointedly joking that “if the president put Russian salad dressing on his salad tonight, somehow that’s a Russian connection.”
Story Continued Below
 As Ryan sought to clarify, Spicer accused her of attempting to advance an “agenda” and told her to stop shaking her head. 
 “We have very spirited back-and-forths, and I think that’s what makes her a tough reporter,” Spicer said in a Wednesday morning interview with conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt. “Frankly, I’m kind of astonished. I think if you look at the exchanges I have with Jonathan Karl or Peter Alexander or a number of the other individuals in the press briefing room, Jim Acosta from CNN, we go back and forth all the time, rather heatedly in fact.”
 “It’s frankly demeaning for some folks to say that she can’t take it,” he continued.
 In her own Wednesday morning interview on CNN’s “New Day,” Ryan, who is black, stopped short of accusing the press secretary of treating reporters differently based on their gender or sex but did note a recent “pattern” that also included Spicer’s recent characterization of a female POLITICO reporter as an “idiot with no real sources.”
 Ryan said she would pay closer attention to Spicer’s treatment of her and others in coming days. More broadly, she complained that the press is “under attack by this administration,” which she said is interested in “discrediting credible media.”
 On Hewitt’s radio show, Spicer insisted that not only does he not pull punches in dealing with female reporters or reporters of different races, it would be a dereliction of his responsibilities as press secretary if he did. Spicer said it is his obligation to “push back tough” against any reporter leveling allegations or otherwise challenging the Trump administration – Ryan included. 
 “She’s a tough reporter,” he said. “She grew up in Baltimore. She knows how to mix it up with the best of them. But to suggest that somehow because of her gender or her race she’d be treated differently I think is frankly demeaning to her. She’s a tough woman that fights every day to get out there for her publication and her audience to get the questions that she wants answered and I respect that. I really do.”



ARTICLE
Days before Donald Trump was sworn in as president, he did something he’d long vowed never to do: fork over $25 million to settle long-running fraud lawsuits over his Trump University seminar program. 
But a former student in Florida is balking at the settlement and asking to be allowed to pursue her claims to trial—exactly what the president apparently wished to avoid.
Story Continued Below
Overall, the settlement offer has won support among many former Trump University students, who are slated to get anywhere from about $1,200 to $30,000, about 80 percent of what they paid.
Those who aren’t satisfied with the offer include Florida bankruptcy attorney Sherri Simpson, who says she paid nearly $19,000 in 2010 for seminars and a mentorship program. She’s arguing that she should be able to continue the litigation in order to see Trump’s alleged fraud publicly exposed.
“She wants to hold Donald Trump accountable for this fraud—this racketeering activity is really what it is,” Simpson’s attorney, Gary Friedman, said in an interview. “Our position is we just don’t like seeing this swept under the rug and it shouldn’t be. This is the most base kind of fraud.”
Trump’s attorneys and the lawyers who backed the federal class-action lawsuits—who waived fees in the case—have suggested Simpson’s objection reeks of politics. Both sets of lawyers noted that she appeared in an anti-Trump political ad.
“The circumstances surrounding her objection suggest it is attorney-driven,” the class-action lawyers wrote. They also pointed out that one of Simpson’s lawyers, Ilann Maazel, was a top attorney for Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein’s “failed election-recount campaign.”
Asked how Simpson’s case is related to Stein’s political efforts, Friedman said: “What’s the connection? Zero.” (The ad Simpson was featured in was run by a conservative, free-market-focused super PAC, the American Future Fund.)
What happens next with Simpson’s objection is in the hands of someone Trump repeatedly attacked during the presidential campaign—often in crude racial terms: U.S. District Court Judge Gonzalo Curiel. He’s set to hold a hearing Thursday on whether the proposed settlement is fair to thousands of people who paid anywhere from about $1,500 for a three-day seminar up to about $35,000 for the “gold elite” mentorship.
Curiel gave preliminary approval to the deal last December, after encouraging both sides to reach a settlement that averted the spectacle of a civil fraud trial at which the president-elect was expected to take the witness stand as a defendant. In an order, the judge said he’d “determined the proposed Settlement to be fair, reasonable, adequate, and within the range of possible approval.”
From a financial point of view, the proposed settlement is an unusually successful one for the plaintiffs, offering Trump University students about 80% of what they paid. Along with waiving fees, the class-action lawyers who pursued the case for more than six years also agreed to absorb the expense of pursuing the suits.
“No rational actor could expect to do better at trial,” lawyers from San Diego-based firms Robbins Geller and Zeldes Haeggquist wrote in a motion filed last week. “This estimated rate of recovery is exceptional….Class members could not realistically hope for a better recovery at a jury trial, especially for the foreseeable future during Trump’s presidency.”
However, Simpson’s lawyers noted that the suits sought triple damages under federal racketeering laws and under elder-fraud laws in several states. In addition, there’s the possibility a jury could have tacked on punitive damages as well. “Where they crow about it being 80 cents on the dollar, we calculate it to be about 26 cents on the dollar,” Friedman said.
So, far, about 4,000 claims have been filed and about 2,700 verified. Only a handful of former students expressed objections to the settlement.
A couple of ex-students said they deserved more than they’re getting because the large sum they spent on Trump University disrupted their lives.
“I was told that I would be given at least three times the amount I was cheated out of, and that senior citizens would be given six times the amount they were cheated out of,” Harold Doe of Lauderdale Lakes, Fla., wrote in a letter to the court. “I feel that I should be given a full refund plus punitive damages as I was initially promised, because I suffered immensely as a direct result of Trump and Trump University. My credit was destroyed because of Trump University. I was homeless with my family because of Trump and Trump University… My family and myself went hungry for days at a time, suffering and struggling.”
Another Trump U. student, Ramona Kleemann of Commack, N.Y., complained the program plunged her into debt, left her without the funds needed to carry out the real estate deals the instructors encouraged and damaged her credit rating.
“What the program ended up doing to me was more destructive financially, that I have not yet recuperated,” Kleemann wrote in a letter to lawyers handling the case. “Hard money lenders wanted good faith money from me to put into the transaction. Well, after expending $40,000, how was I to do this?”
One participant in the weekend seminar program wrote the lawyers announcing the settlement to say she was entirely satisfied.
“I feel I definitely got my money’s worth,” wrote Carolyn Class of Lutherville, Md. “All of us received valuable information and we went in with our eyes opened. No one was forced to buy a mentorship. Besides all this hoop-la over Mr. Trump, there are many (so called experienced real estate pros) giving seminars like this throughout the country. I see it on late night TV adds [sic] all the time.”
Simpson, who is backed by five attorneys, appears to be the most serious threat to the settlement. She insists she is not trying to unwind it, but simply seeking the opportunity to “opt out” of the case and file her own lawsuit.
Earlier in the litigation, 13 people were allowed to opt out of the class actions. None of them are known to have subsequently filed suits. Some are Trump fans.
The attorneys backing the proposed settlement say offering a conclusive end to the litigation was part of what prompted Trump to pony up. 
“Defendants paid $25 million to avoid the uncertainty that political opponents might solicit opt outs to force a high-profile trial,” the class-action lawyers wrote.
However, a glitch in the wording of a 2015 legal notice about the litigation could give Simpson’s argument some extra punch. Her lawyers point out that the notice said that class members who took no action at that time would be advised in the future “about how to obtain a share (or how to ask to be excluded from any settlement).”
Lawyers for Trump and the class both argue that other provisions in the notice made clear that was the last chance for class members to opt out, but those attorneys have not provided an explanation in court papers of why the stray phrase was there, beyond saying it meant that Trump University students didn’t have to partake in any settlement.
Even if Curiel turns down Simpson’s objection, she has the power to hold up the settlement for more than a year by filing an appeal. Such appeals are a controversial aspect of the class-action process. In some instances, class members file appeals and essentially hold the settlement hostage in exchange for a side deal that can give an objector more money than other members of the class.
The class-action lawyers backing the settlement have already signaled to Curiel that they will ask him to require Simpson to post a bond if she wants to appeal. They have not yet suggested an amount.
Simpson’s attorneys say she’s not trying to cut a lucrative side deal for herself. Friedman added that Simpson’s desire to have her day in court shouldn’t prevent the other class members from settling if they prefer to do that. 
“Basically, their argument comes down to: allowing Sherri out blows up the settlement,” Friedman said. “But I don’t think it ought to.”



ARTICLE
President Trump says that Obamacare is going to explode. 
But if that happens, it is likely because his administration supplies the spark that detonates the marketplaces. 
Story Continued Below
The White House could decide at any time to eliminate subsidies relied upon by insurers to lower costs for Obamacare’s poorest customers, as a result of a court win by House Republicans last spring. 
“It’s one thing to say we’re going to watch Obamacare collapse,” said Kathy Hempstead, who oversees coverage programs for the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation. “It’s another to shoot it in the head.”
Eliminating the subsidy program would be the most dramatic maneuver but also the highest-risk. House Republicans had sued the Obama administration to block funding for the subsidies that cover out-of-pocket costs for poorer Americans, arguing that administration had paid for it without congressional authority. That argument prevailed in a lower court last year, but was appealed by the Obama administration. The lawsuit has essentially been put on hold while the House and the Trump administration decide how to proceed. 
If the White House drops the appeal, that $7 billion a year would likely disappear almost immediately. Insurers would still be required to pay the bills of poorer participants, but with no way to get reimbursed. That could trigger a mass exodus of insurers and lead to the collapse of the marketplaces that Trump and many other Republicans have long predicted. 
But the GOP might not escape blame for the resulting chaos. 
“They now own these markets because they control the government,” said Dan Mendelson, CEO of consulting firm Avalere Health, who served in the Clinton administration. “That’s very plain to see.”
But Sen. Bill Cassidy (R-La.) disagrees with that assessment. “We just attempted to change the law and were not successful in doing so,” he said Tuesday. “So it’s going to be current law which causes these markets to explode,” he argues.
The Trump administration hasn’t said whether it will continue the cost-sharing subsidies. Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price on Wednesday morning refused to answer questions about the subsidy program during a House Appropriations subcommittee hearing, citing ongoing litigation. 
Price has sent mixed signals about his approach to the Obamacare marketplaces. On the one hand, HHS canceled up to $5 million in outreach advertising during the crucial final days of the open-enrollment season, which Obamacare’s allies have blamed for a drop-off in signups. It could also stop enforcing the law’s unpopular individual mandate, which would inject additional turmoil into already fragile insurance markets.
But Price has also proposed new regulations designed to stabilize the markets. The proposal, which is expected to be finalized soon, would crack down on special enrollment periods, requiring Obamacare customers prove their eligibility before they can get coverage outside of the standard enrollment window. 
That may not be enough to reassure anxious insurance executives, though. 
Insurance consultant Robert Laszewski uses an analogy from the construction business to illuminate the dilemma insurers face with a late June deadline to decide whether they will participate in 2018. He argues that it’s like Trump asking investors to put money into a building that he predicts is going to collapse at any moment. 
“If you’ve got hundreds of millions of exposure to it, you have to take his words seriously,” Laszewski said. “What other alternative do you have?”
Laszewski sees a potential bigger problem in the near term if the Trump administration fails to enforce the unpopular individual mandate. Many interpreted the executive order signed by Trump on Day One of his presidency as a signal the administration doesn’t intend to enforce Obamacare’s tax penalty for failing to obtain insurance. 
“That’s probably the bigger deal,” Laszewski said. “The individual mandate wasn’t terribly effective, but it was somewhat effective.”
Republican legislators appear split about whether to continue the cost-sharing subsidies.
“I can imagine that the House and the Senate will agree to do this on a short term basis,” Cassidy said of funding the program. “But the idea that we’re going to continue to appropriate billions to bail out a plan which is inherently unstable I don’t think is practical.”
But Rep. Buddy Carter (R-Ga.), who sits on the Energy and Commerce Committee, thinks Congress is under no obligation to bankroll the program. 
“Obviously we have to do something to not let it fail,” Carter said of the Obamacare markets. “But at the same time, we also have to do the right thing and the legal thing. How hypocritical would it be for us to sue, to win — and then to say we’re going to do it anyway?”
Sen. Ron Johnson (R-Wis.) wants to see how HHS’ steps to stabilize the markets play out before deciding on the cost-sharing subsidies. “You can do a lot of things through Secretary’s Price’s authority,” Johnson said.
There is bipartisan agreement that many of the marketplaces are in vulnerable shape. The average premium hike for 2017 exceeded 20 percent and roughly a third of all counties had just a single insurer selling plans for this year. 
But most health care finance experts don’t buy into the apocalyptic Republican rhetoric about imploding marketplaces. Instead they believe it’s likely the markets will continue to muddle along on an eventual path toward stability. A December report by Standard & Poor’s predicted that insurers’ bottom lines will show steady improvement from 2015 to 2017, and that many more will break even or make money in the individual market this year. 
“We expect this to be kind of the bottom,” said Deep Banerjee, an author of the Standard & Poor’s report. “We don’t expect sharp growth in the future, but there should be a slow, gradually growing market from here.” 



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump still sees a deal on health care. In fact, he told senators he has “no doubt that that’s going to happen very quickly.”
Speaking in brief remarks at a White House reception for senators and their spouses, Trump brushed off the recent collapse of a House-led bill to repeal and replace Obamacare. 
Story Continued Below
Instead, Trump said, based on the bipartisan crowd gathered he expects to do a deal on health care sooner rather than later.
“A lot of people showed up,” Trump said of the crowd, which included more than half the Senate and their spouses. “People we weren’t expecting. I know that we are all going to make a deal on health care. That’s such an easy one.”
He added, “I have no doubt that’s going to happen very quickly.”
Trump told the senators the public expected action: “We have all been promising it — Democrat, Republican — to the public.”
Trump noted he had "some very special friends in the room” and noted a “shockingly … bipartisan," crowd.
The president said he hoped the event was the start of something new.
"We are going to be doing a great job. Hopefully it will start being bipartisan because everybody really wants the same thing. We want greatness for this country that we love.”
He called out Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer: “I think we are going to have some very good relationships -- right, Chuck? I see Chuck. Hello, Chuck."
The reception included a mix of Democrats and Republicans. Entertainment included the Army Chorus, and Trump seemed to revel in the atmosphere. 
“Nobody ever told me that politics was going to be so much fun,” Trump said. 
Vice President Mike Pence, his wife, Karen, Trump and first lady Melania Trump all attended the event.



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
Hundreds of people in the Obama administration spent years building the climate change regulations that the president hoped would mark a lasting turning point in the nation’s response to global warming. But it took only a couple of months for President Donald Trump to start wiping them out. 
That stunning course shift has left former Obama environmental officials and diplomats frustrated and upset — if not surprised. 
Story Continued Below
"From the moment the election became clear, all of us had the months and years of work that we had done flash before our eyes," said Christy Goldfuss, who served as former President Barack Obama’s top environmental adviser as the leader of the White House Council on Environmental Quality.
For Gina McCarthy, who led EPA when it issued its landmark greenhouse gas restrictions for power plants, it was no shock that Trump would seek to undo Obama’s climate regulations by using the same executive power that had gone into their creation. But she said she’s stunned at how fast Trump is moving. 
"The approach they’re taking is really a slash-and-burn approach,” she told POLITICO. 
“I really honestly don’t know what dragon they’re trying to slay here,” McCarthy added. “I really don’t. If they’re saying EPA has done something illegal, then let the courts decide that. If they think that EPA is anti-economy, then show me some data that shows that.” 
McCarthy, who returned to her native Boston after the White House handover, admitted that she has turned to one of her city's tried-and-true methods of coping with frustration: “We drink a lot of coffee during the day and other things at night. And night comes earlier and earlier.”
Trump took the short drive to EPA headquarters on Tuesday to stand with a group of coal miners, his EPA chief Scott Pruitt, Energy Secretary Rick Perry and Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke, and sign an executive order that started the process to undo the power plant rule. The order also repeals directives aimed at reducing the federal government’s own carbon footprint, and it directs agencies to ferret out any additional policies “that potentially burden the development or use of” oil, natural gas, coal or nuclear energy.
The president also told federal regulators to stop using the “social cost of carbon,” which attempts to quantify the effects of climate change, in economic analyses of future rules.
For Brian Deese, who served as Obama's energy adviser, Trump's action hit close to home. "I was in charge of everything that's in this executive order," he said.
"Of course it’s frustrating," he added. "But this work and the efforts we put in place were never about us or about President Obama, and so I’m much more focused on the road ahead and less focused on the frustration about all of the effort that our teams put in — and much more focused now on what can be done to try to keep the momentum of the transition toward keeping cleaner energy sources in place."
He noted that stock prices for coal-related companies are “down, underperforming the market by several percentage points” — which he sees as a sign that the U.S. economy’s transition to cleaner energy sources “is firmly enough under way that this administration cannot fundamentally change that dynamic.” And that, he argued, is partly because of the Obama team’s efforts, “not only on the regulatory side, but also with respect to research and commercialization, tax incentives and otherwise. I’ve got that big picture in perspective today." 
Trump’s assault in the climate regulations was hardly a surprise — he had promised as much during the campaigns, and news reports on the timing and content of the executive order had circulated for more than a month. But waiting didn't make the outcome any easier on the Obama alumni. 
"You know, we've been waiting for this thing to come out for weeks,” said Goldfuss, the former White House adviser. “On the one hand we’re ready for it, on the other hand it felt shittier every day that went past.”
She said the EPA power plant regulation, whose final version she helped draft, “was the president’s signature climate action. The day he announced those regulations for us was as influential as the health care legislation as in that issue area. It was a big day, people were overwhelmed with emotion, people were doing not only what the president wanted us to do, but what was best for the American public."
In June 2013, Obama, in short sleeves, addressed a crowd on a sweltering day Georgetown University, saying he would "refuse to condemn your generation and future generations to a planet that’s beyond fixing." He ordered the federal government to change how it dealt with climate change, and called on his EPA to draw up the power plant rules — which Obama and McCarthy did two years later, on August 3, 2015.
Nancy Sutley, who headed the CEQ until 2014, pointed out that Trump's EPA is still required by law to address the carbon emissions blamed for climate change — thanks to the agency’s Obama-era scientific conclusion that greenhouse gas pollution threatens human welfare. "They’re going to have to figure out something to do instead. I don’t know that they’ll come up with anything that’s better or more thought through than what [Obama's] EPA put out."
Tuesday's order came less than a month after Trump issued another directive putting on hold an EPA rule called Waters of the U.S., which a federal court had already frozen while it considered legal challenges from farmers, homebuilders and 31 states. The White House order on that rule left former EPA water chief Ken Kopocis and his agency colleagues “devastated,” he said. 
Kopocis, who had worked on the issue for years as a Capitol Hill staffer before heading to EPA, said he and his colleagues had a sense of accomplishment about creating the regulation, which aimed to untangle a decades of legal confusion and offer clearer federal protections for headwater streams and wetlands.
“It’s hard enough that the work that they did has been challenged and is currently stayed by the courts. It’s quite another thing to have an administration who wants to undo all of your work for those many. many years,” he said.
For one ex-Obama administration staffer, Tuesday contained at least some relief: Trump did not pull the U.S. out of the 2015 Paris climate agreement negotiated by the former president and ex- Secretary of State John Kerry. Under that pact, nearly 200 countries around the world agreed to set themselves targets to cut their greenhouse gas emissions — a major achievement after the United States’ abandonment of its 1997 predecessor, the Kyoto Protocol.  "The tragedy would be if we stick our head in the sand for a few years, while the likes of China and the EU and India and Japan mobilize their industrial bases to try and dominate the global green energy market," said Paul Bodnar, who served as energy adviser on the National Security Council and helped negotiate the Paris agreement. 
For now, Bodnar said he's not distraught because the Paris deal has solid support from other nations, and "we have built a system that can resist what happens. A withdrawal [from Paris] would be damaging, but I don’t think we’re in a Kyoto situation, where Kyoto never recovered."
But, he added: "Hypothetically, if they did withdraw, would I need a stiff drink? Yes, I would."
For McCarthy, Trump's executive order was more than a disappointment. 
“This day is really embarrassing for the United States, not just dangerous for our kids and our future,” she said. “It’s embarrassing for us and our businesses who do global work to be actually be dismissing incredible opportunities for new technologies and economic growth and United States leadership.”



ARTICLE
Devin Nunes isn’t going anywhere.
Even as Democrats demand that the California Republican recuse himself from his panel’s Russia investigation and criticism ratchets up from key GOP senators, House Republicans are standing by the embattled Intelligence Committee chairman.
Story Continued Below
“No and no,” House Speaker Paul Ryan said Tuesday when asked whether Nunes should recuse himself and if he knew the identity of the source who provided Nunes with evidence he claims showed Trump transition aides were improperly monitored.
Nunes himself rebuffed reporters' questions Tuesday about whether he’ll continue to lead the investigation into Russia’s interference in the 2016 election, saying: “Why would I not?” His spokesman followed up by saying in a statement, “There is no chance the chairman will recuse himself, absolutely not.”
Rank-and-file Republicans on the House Intelligence Committee are also voicing support for their chairman, who sparked the ire of Democrats last week when he briefed President Donald Trump on evidence that he said showed Trump’s transition team had been improperly monitored following November’s presidential election. Democrats still have not been provided access to this information.
“I honestly think it’s much ado about nothing. I do,” said Rep. Chris Stewart (R-Utah), a member of the Intelligence panel. “We understand that what he’s done was in the best interest of the committee. I really believe that.”
Added Rep. Pete King (R-N.Y.), also a member of the panel, “He did exactly the right thing. He had an obligation to tell the president.”
One reason Nunes almost certainly will not heed calls to recuse himself: Ryan was kept fully informed of everything he was up to, including his decision last Wednesday to go to the White House to brief the president, according to Nunes.
Ryan spokeswoman AshLee Strong confirmed that Nunes “briefed the speaker that day.”
The Intelligence Committee chairman’s actions, though, have led to strong condemnation from Democrats in what amounts to a stunning rebuke on a committee that typically operates in a bipartisan fashion.
On Monday, Rep. Adam Schiff, the panel’s top Democrat and fellow Californian, called on Nunes to recuse himself, as did House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) and other key Democrats.
For them, Nunes, himself a former Trump transition member, has shown he is too close to Trump to lead an impartial investigation into Russia’s meddling in the presidential election — a probe that will delve into possible collusion between Moscow and the Trump campaign.
The recusal demands poured in after Nunes acknowledged he met with his source on the White House grounds, heightening suspicions among Democrats that the entire thing was orchestrated by a White House eager to take heat off Trump for his much-maligned claim that President Barack Obama ordered the wiretapping of Trump Tower.
Schiff said that one way to get the committee back on track would be to reschedule a hearing originally set for Tuesday but was canceled after the Justice Department raised concerns about testimony from former acting Attorney General Sally Yates.
The White House denied pressuring the committee to call off the hearing, with press secretary Sean Spicer saying: “I hope she testifies. I look forward to it.”
“The White House today said they want Sally Yates to testify, so let her testify,” Schiff told reporters following Spicer’s remarks. “I think it will be hard now for the chairman to explain why he won't permit her to come testify.”
In an earlier statement, Schiff said Yates had been planning to testify on former national security adviser Michael Flynn’s efforts to “cover up” his phone calls with Russia’s ambassador, which led to his resignation last month after it became clear he had misled his colleagues about the nature of those calls.
Another committee Democrat, Rep. Eric Swalwell of California, said he suggested to Nunes that the entire committee sit down and talk through the evidence he briefed Trump on — a step Swalwell said could ease some of the bad feelings.
“We would all benefit to just sit in the same room and talk about what he saw, who he received it from, and how it's relevant to what we're trying to do with the Russia investigation,” Swalwell said. “I think that would take a lot of the tension out of this process.”
Nunes also has come in for sharp critiques by key Republican senators, including leading Russia hawks John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina.
Graham, appearing Tuesday on NBC’s “Today” show, likened Nunes to the bumbling Inspector Clouseau from the “Pink Panther” movies.
“The problem that he’s created is he’s gone off on a lark by himself, sort of an Inspector Clouseau investigation here,” Graham said. “The only way this thing can be repaired is he tells his colleagues on the House Intel committee who he met with and what he saw and let them look at the same information.”
In the House, though, Nunes maintains the strong backing of his Republican colleagues.
“I think he’s been attacked by some of our Democratic members very unfairly,” said Stewart. “Look, I understand why they would’ve been upset that he didn’t advise them of some of his actions last week.”
“But,” the congressman added, “this thing about going to the White House is perfectly understandable, it was perfectly appropriate.”



ARTICLE
As President Donald Trump welcomed more than half the Senate to the White House on Tuesday night in one of his first big splashes on the Washington social scene, he gave a shout to a recognizable Democratic face in the crowd. 
“Chuck? I see Chuck,” Trump said. “Hello, Chuck."   
Story Continued Below
The six words were the first the president had directed at Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer in person in more than two months. 
The Trump-Schumer relationship was supposed to have been one of Washington’s most intriguing this year. Instead, the two men have had virtually no relationship at all, with zero one-on-one meetings or even private conversations on the phone since Trump took the oath of office. 
“Right now, there’s not much to talk about, OK?” Schumer told POLITICO in an interview last week.
“Schumer’s name has not come up,” a top White House official said of conversations with the president. “He really hasn’t mentioned him in a long time. That’s really telling in and of itself.”
After Trump’s spectacular failure to advance health care legislation last week among his fellow Republicans, the president has suggested that he’s open to rekindling his relationship with congressional Democrats. But lawmakers and strategists wonder whether Trump missed his best shot at a productive relationship, particularly with Schumer, as freshly emboldened Democrats push to define Trump as a failed president.
“Any type of cooperation with Trump is looked upon as treason now,” said Rep. Peter King, a New York Republican who knows both men.
The silence is an abrupt turnabout from their regular banter last November and December when the two outer-borough deal-makers — both of whom had perfected the art of self-promotion in New York’s tabloids — spoke roughly a half-dozen times and engaged in happy talk of working together.
Then, Trump tweeted favorably about Schumer’s smarts. Now, the president calls his home-state senator the “head clown” of the Democrats.
How Trump and Schumer went from phone friends to silent strangers in a matter of weeks was described by a dozen advisers and friends of both men, who said the fissures date to almost the moment the calendar turned to 2017.
From Trump’s perspective, there was Schumer’s rude prebuttal of his inaugural address, anger about Schumer labeling the GOP health care plan “Make America Sick Again,” and deepening frustration with his procedural stalling tactics over confirming Cabinet picks as well as, Neil Gorsuch Trump’s Supreme Court nominee. From Schumer’s vantage, Trump bypassed even the patina of bipartisanship as he forced one controversial executive order after another and pushed a Republican-only repeal of President Barack Obama’s signature health care law.
“He moved. He, not me,” Schumer told POLITICO. “He moved so far over to the right that it’s virtually impossible to work with him.”
But if Schumer believes Trump has been captured by the hard right, then Trump believes Schumer has been captive of the far left.
“Chuck, I'm very disappointed, because he's a guy that should make deals for the people,” Trump said recently on Fox News. “Instead, he's just an obstructionist.”
At the White House, Schumer has been mostly an afterthought. “By the time we got to the inauguration, any hope that Schumer wanted to actually work together to find any common ground was clearly gone,” said a second senior administration official.
As with so much else about Trump’s presidency, the evolution of the relationship can be tracked in 140-character updates on Twitter.
Back in November, Trump tweeted about their “good relationship” and the chance to “get things done” together. Jared Kushner, Trump’s influential son-in-law, said in a closed-door speech that Trump and Schumer were closer policywise on infrastructure than were Trump and Senate GOP leader Mitch McConnell. And in one phone call that leaked, Trump told Schumer that he personally liked him better than either McConnell or Speaker Paul Ryan.
“Trump probably thought Schumer was as shallow as he is and could be won over with idle flattery,” said former top Schumer aide and Hillary Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon. “Schumer is too savvy for that.” Fallon added that talk of a Trump-Schumer relationship was always “exaggerated.”
By the first week of January, Schumer rolled out the “Make America Sick Again” slogan in POLITICO. Within hours Trump, who was annoyed by it according to two people close to him, went on Twitter and called Schumer — to whom he had given thousands of dollars in political donations over the years — a “clown.”
Chris Ruddy, a friend of Trump’s and the CEO of Newsmax, said that as far as Trump insults go, that’s mild. “In Donald Trump’s lexicon, it’s not too bad to be called a ‘clown,’” he said. “It’s not an enemy of the state.”
The relationship turned even frostier two weeks later, after Schumer took the stage at Trump’s inaugural and delivered a speech that a third top White House official went so far as to call “anti-Trump.” Schumer praised all Americans “whatever our race, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity; whether we are immigrants or native-born; whether we live with disabilities or do not.” Some in the crowd booed him.
“They booed when I said rule of law. Who does that say more about, OK? I was proud of it. I expected I’d get some flak,” Schumer told POLITICO.
Then, at the inaugural luncheon afterward, Trump tried to buttonhole Schumer about confirming his Cabinet members. Schumer responded by criticizing Trump’s picks as too conservative to the president’s face.
The pair spoke at the White House on Jan. 23 during a gathering for legislative leaders. After the gathering, Sen. Mitch McConnell dryly remarked about listening to “the President and Senator Schumer talking about all the people they knew in New York.” But it would be one of the last times Schumer and President Trump engaged. They met once more the next day, along with the Judiciary Committee leaders.
They haven’t talked since, Schumer said.
The closest they’ve come to direct interaction is on Twitter, when Trump called for Schumer to be investigated for ties to Russia and Schumer replied he’d “happily” speak “under oath.” “Would you &your team?” Schumer retorted.
Two White House officials said Schumer’s private sit-down with Gorsuch was the most hostile of the Supreme Court nominee’s Senate meetings. Then, in mid-March, Trump fired almost all the sitting U.S. attorneys, including Preet Bharara, a former Schumer aide whom Trump had previously, according to Bharara, promised to retain.
White House officials said Trump had little reason to keep him, given they were no longer on speaking terms with Schumer.
Those in Schumer’s orbit, and even some Republicans, said Trump’s pursuit of a partisan health care repeal before, say, an infrastructure package that could have drawn Democratic support doomed any chance of rapport between the two men. Schumer and Trump also agree on some trade issues.
“This is not Monday morning quarterbacking, but if they had maybe led off with the infrastructure bill,” King, the GOP congressman, said of the White House, “that may have been more grounds they would have had” for deal making.
“It’s not complicated,” said Phil Singer, a former Schumer adviser. “Trump has pursued an agenda that is antithetical to everything Schumer and the Democrats have worked on for years.”
Sen. Joe Manchin, the moderate West Virginia Democrat, said of Trump and Schumer, “The president knows that Chuck is not going to be rolled over or bowled over or pushed over. And the other thing is Chuck is very personable, and when they can work together they can.”
But Trump’s team believes Schumer was boxed in by the liberal activists who showed up by the thousands to protest the day after the inauguration.
“He’s a much more transactional pragmatist, but he’s forced into a spot where he’s not allowed to work with Trump,” said one of the White House officials.
Fallon said Trump’s plummeting approval ratings — he sank to 36 percent in a recent Gallup survey — give Schumer the upper hand in setting the terms of discussions, should they happen in the future.
“To the extent Schumer was ever going to feel pressure to show openness to Trump, it was going have to come from the red-state members who were in cycle,” Fallon went on. “But those members are feeling less and less pressure to go along with Trump. And that gives Schumer added freedom.” 
As for the White House soiree on Tuesday night, Trump and Schumer did not speak after the shout-out in front of the full crowd.



ARTICLE
When President Donald Trump is backed into a corner, there’s one target he loves to fire at: the Clintons.
Whether trying to divert attention from investigations into his campaign’s possible Russia ties, attempting to sell a troubled health care overhaul, or simply looking for an easy mark, the beleaguered president has taken to attacking the family that Republicans have maligned for decades.
Story Continued Below
“Why isn't the House Intelligence Committee looking into the Bill & Hillary deal that allowed big Uranium to go to Russia, Russian speech.......money to Bill, the Hillary Russian ‘reset,’ praise of Russia by Hillary, or Podesta Russian Company. Trump Russia story is a hoax. #MAGA!” Trump wrote on Twitter Monday night, as questions swirled about whether the White House was trying to undermine the panel’s investigation into possible collusion between Trump’s campaign and Russia.
“What about all of the contact with the Clinton campaign and the Russians?” Trump asked on Twitter on March 20.
He even accused his general election opponent of rigging the race for Democratic National Committee chair, tweeting on Feb. 26: “The race for DNC Chairman was, of course, totally ‘rigged.’ Bernie's guy, like Bernie himself, never had a chance. Clinton demanded Perez!”
When he hit the road to try to sell Republicans’ since-abandoned Obamacare replacement earlier this month, he couldn’t resist mocking Bill Clinton before a raucous crowd.
“Oh, he must have had a tough night when he went home that night,” Trump said of the former president, apparently diverging from his prepared remarks to ding Clinton for his wife’s election loss.
Even as the election fades in the rearview mirror, few issues seem to animate Trump’s supporters as much as his defeated opponent, who serves as a convenient foil as the White House battles multiplying controversies.
“Lock her up!” chants are still a fixture at Trump’s campaign-style rallies. At at least two recent campaign-style rallies, merchandise hawkers were selling bulls-eye targets featuring Clinton’s face for shooting practice. Indeed, in a Republican Party rife with divisions and internecine fighting, detest for all things Clinton seems to be one of the few unifying principles that has endured over recent decades ever since a fresh-faced Arkansas governor broke 12 years of Republican control of the White House.
While avoiding any head-on clashes with Trump, the Clintons haven’t exactly taken his punches sitting down.
Hillary Clinton has shown a willingness to assert herself on Twitter, from a simple missive celebrating a court’s rejection of Trump’s travel ban to a string of tweets touting the successes of the Affordable Care Act when the Republican replacement plan collapsed. She also voiced her support for the massive Women’s Marches that took place around the country shortly after Trump’s inauguration. And her daughter, Chelsea Clinton, has also become a more vocal Twitter presence, regularly hitting Trump and congressional Republicans.
But it’s not just public attacks. Trump continues to vent in private about Donna Brazile’s move to give Clinton questions ahead of a CNN primary town hall, an episode he also brings up frequently in interviews and press conferences.
Anti-Clinton sentiment was a major driver in Trump’s Electoral College victory, as both candidates had underwater approval numbers. For both Trump and his running mate Mike Pence, as well as Republicans up and down the ballot, attacks on the Clintons were central to election-season messaging. Allegations about corruption at the Clinton Foundation and Clinton’s use of a private email server while leading the State Department were laced throughout Republicans’ stump speeches.
The White House has turned to using the same talking points in trying to defuse questions about Trump’s ties to Russia. 
After a story broke on Trump’s former campaign chairman’s work for a Russian billionaire to advance Putin’s interests, press secretary Sean Spicer suggested the Clintons’ ties to Russia deserve more investigation. He referenced work Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta’s brother had done on behalf of a Russian bank and a paid speech former President Bill Clinton gave in Moscow for a Russian bank connected with a uranium deal.
“So an individual who worked for less than -- the campaign for five months for the President's two-year long campaign, who worked with a Russian entity a decade ago, is the subject of rampant media speculation all day long, even though the Clintons had much more expensive -- extensive ties, while Secretary of State Hillary was crafting a policy she said was designed ‘strengthen Russia,’” Spicer said.
The tactic has Democrats rolling their eyes.
“Trump clearly prefers campaigning to governing. He especially does not like the unmitigated scrutiny that comes with being the sitting President and so he is desperately in search of an enemy to be a political foil and help take the media focus off his own scandals,” Brian Fallon, Clinton’s former campaign press secretary, said in a statement to POLITICO. “At different times, he has tried to draw both President Obama and Hillary Clinton into a back-and-forth, or make pointless comparisons between himself and them, but neither they nor the public are gullible enough to take the bait. Trump will likely keep trying to find a sparring partner to shadowbox with, but the Democrats' best move is to sit back and let him continue beating himself up.” 
The rhetoric carries real risks for Trump’s agenda, on everything from infrastructure and health care to taxes and government spending. With a divided Republican conference in the House and a slim majority in the Senate, Trump will need Democratic support for any substantial legislative accomplishments. And, with his approval ratings sinking and a Democratic base firmly against him, it’s hard to see how attacking the party’s 2016 standard bearer will make the prospect of negotiating with Trump any more palatable for Democrats.
Republicans on Capitol Hill, craving a victory after the health care debacle, also seem weary of Trump’s devotion to his 2016 opponent.
“What I found in my role as a chief executive for eight years, is that legislative bodies are easily distracted and that there is a value to focusing on whatever you focus on. If not you can end up spending a lot of time going down different ratholes that may be counterproductive in terms of two or three or four or five things you hope to accomplish in a legislative sense,” said Rep. Mark Sanford (R-S.C.), a former governor. “In that regards, some of the constant tweeting is at minimum distracting, and at maximum counterproductive to a legislative agenda.” 
“You're fighting yesterday's story if you're fighting against a candidate you were once running against that is no longer the candidate that you might be running against,” Sanford added.
“I think the President has obviously calculated this. It would be my guess with his political advisors, that we have to remind people that the Democrats are out to discredit my president by claiming we're doing certain things that they did without question when they were in office,” said Rep. Randy Weber (R-Texas), though he added that the drumbeat of Clinton attacks “doesn’t help me.” 
And Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said a few weeks ago that he would prefer the president cut back on his Twitter habit.
The White House did not respond to a request for comment as to whether there is a strategy behind the Clinton attacks, or whether there is worry such rhetoric could make working with Democrats more difficult.
But others are glad to see the president pushing his message in the way he wants to push it — without the filter of one group that has been viewed as an adversary by Republicans even longer than the Clintons.
“It's Trump tweeting versus the mainstream media,” said Rep. Dave Brat (R-Va.). “The mainstream media doesn't seem too user friendly towards his presidency so what do you want him to do?" 
Josh Dawsey and Shane Goldmacher contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
Rep. James Clyburn, the highest-ranking African-American member of the House, compared his ability to work with President Donald Trump to his relationship with Strom Thurmond, the longtime segregationist senator from South Carolina.
“Strom Thurmond and I were good friends,” Clyburn said Tuesday, despite Thurmond's attitudes on race.
Story Continued Below
Clyburn was responding to a question about whether he would be able to work cooperatively with Trump on issues of bipartisan interest. In response, Clyburn — a Democrat from South Carolina — noted his history of working with Thurmond.
Clyburn described Trump as “an American” who “carries certain American values that are anathema to most black people.” 
Asked to clarify his comments on Trump, Clyburn said, “There are certain values that certain Americans have that are anathema to me as a black person. Strom Thurmond had ’em.”
“But you still worked with him anyway?” a reporter replied.
“Hell yeah,” Clyburn said.
Clyburn said he could support tax reform proposals from Trump if they don’t disproportionately favor the “investor class.”



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump ordered his administration to begin dismantling his predecessor’s climate change policies on Tuesday with a sweeping directive to end what he called a "crushing attack" on the U.S. economy — by halting efforts to reduce the carbon pollution of electric utilities, oil and gas drillers and coal miners. 
The executive order Trump signed represents his biggest blow yet to former President Barack Obama’s climate legacy. But it does not go as far as some conservatives would like to dismantle the EPA’s authority to regulate greenhouse gases, nor will it begin to separate the U.S. from a landmark international climate accord — two areas of intense disagreement within the administration. 
Story Continued Below
“My administration is putting an end to the war on coal," Trump told an audience at the EPA headquarters signing, where he was joined by a group of coal miners whom he promised would be put back to work quickly. 
“We’re going to have clean coal. Really clean coal,” Trump added. “Together we will create millions of good American jobs, also so many energy jobs, and really lead to unbelievable prosperity.” 
Democrats argue that Trump is ignoring the risks of climate change for the sake of rewarding supporters in the fossil fuel industry. 
"Thanks to this executive order, our future is looking darker, it's looking dirtier and it's looking less prosperous," Sen. Tom Carper (D-Del) told a press conference. "Today Donald Trump is shirking our nation's responsibilities, disregarding clear science and undoing the significant progress that we've made to ensure we leave a better, more sustainable planet for generations to come." 
After last week’s embarrassing failure of Trump’s attempt to repeal and replace Obama’s health care law, the energy executive order offers the president a chance to refocus on another key campaign-trail promise: unleashing the American energy industry. The order comes on the heels of Trump’s move to ease Obama’s ambitious vehicle fuel efficiency requirements and his order to reverse EPA’s controversial Waters of the U.S. rule. The president has also recently signed legislation undoing Obama-era rules on Appalachian coal mining and energy companies’ payments to foreign governments.
Trump order calls for the EPA to rewrite tough rules that critics said make it virtually impossible to build a new coal-fired power plant, and he instructed the Interior Department to end Obama’s moratorium on new coal mines on federal lands, among other steps. 
Additionally, the president’s “energy independence” executive order also repeals several Obama-era environmental directives aimed at reducing the federal government’s own carbon footprint, and it directs agencies to ferret out any additional policies that “result in impediments” to U.S. energy production, a likely reference to restrictions on fracking and offshore drilling. The president also told federal regulators to stop using the “social cost of carbon,” which attempts to quantify the effects of climate change, in economic analyses of future rules. 
“There is every reason to believe that the federal government will no longer seek to punish American consumers and businesses for using the energy resources that fuel our economy," U.S. Chamber of Commerce President and CEO Thomas J. Donohue said in a statement welcoming the order. 
But Trump has not ordered EPA to reconsider the underlying policy that lets it regulate carbon emissions — the 2009 “endangerment finding” in which it declared that greenhouse gas pollution threatens human health and welfare. Nor will he address whether the U.S. will stay in the 2015 Paris climate accord. 
“We’re happy with it so far and we look forward to the right decisions on Paris and endangerment, but I think those are still to be made and they’re a ways down the road,” said Myron Ebell, director of the Center for Energy and Environment at the Competitive Enterprise Institute and the former leader of Trump’s EPA transition team. 
EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt went on national TV earlier this month to declare that carbon dioxide is not “a primary contributor to the global warming that we see,” a statement that is at odds with the conclusions of the vast majority of climate scientists, including those at his own agency. But Pruitt has not followed up on that statement with any effort to reverse the Obama-era endangerment finding — a factor that sources say contributed to last week’s abrupt departure of a Trump appointee from the agency. 
On Monday, a writer for Breitbart.com, the site previously run by White House strategist Steve Bannon, suggested that a failure to revoke the endangerment finding would be grounds for Pruitt to resign. 
"If Scott Pruitt is not up to that task, then maybe it’s about time he did the decent thing and handed over the reins to someone who is," wrote James Delingpole, a prominent climate skeptic. 
The White House has not ruled out later revisiting the endangerment finding, which Trump promised on the campaign trail to review. But environmentalists hope the administration decides that would be too much trouble, given that the policy already survived judicial scrutiny, and that courts are unlikely to support revoking it given the overwhelming scientific data on climate change. 
Trump has not nominated anyone to fill key leadership positions below Pruitt and Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke, leaving open the question of how quickly his order will yield any concrete results. 
“It’s going to be harder if you don’t have those positions filled,” said David Doniger, director of the climate and clean air program at the Natural Resources Defense Council. “Unless, actually, their intention is never to fill them and work through political operatives who are not accountable.” 
Trump’s advisers are split over whether to withdraw from the Paris climate deal, which Obama joined with a pledge to reduce U.S. emissions at least 26 percent from 2005 levels by 2025. The U.S. would face no penalty for missing that target, but many conservatives nonetheless say Trump should abandon the agreement altogether, as he pledged to do during the campaign. 
But more moderate advisers, including Trump’s daughter Ivanka and his son-in-law Jared Kushner, fear that pulling out would damage relations with key U.S. allies. Administration officials are now considering a middle-ground approach: Stay in the deal in exchange for more international support for technologies to reduce emissions from fossil fuels. 
The order was also silent on a carbon tax, another issue that has become a flash point in disputes between moderates and hard-liners in the White House. 
Despite the lofty rhetoric coming out of the White House, Tuesday’s order will have relatively little immediate effect. 
It will take EPA years to rewrite its Clean Power Plan and accompanying rules on future power plants — both of which courts already had frozen while lawsuits play out. 
The Trump administration plans to ask federal courts to suspend lawsuits over the EPA climate regulations and send the rules back to the agency to be rewritten or withdrawn. But the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals, which heard arguments on the Clean Power Plan six months ago, does not have to go along. The appeals court judges could rule any day on the Clean Power Plan, and a separate D.C. Circuit panel has scheduled oral arguments on the future plant rule for April 17. 
If EPA will not defend the regulation, environmentalists and states like California and New York have indicated they will step up and do so. And the ultimate fate of EPA’s climate authority likely will eventually be decided by the Supreme Court, which ruled in 2007 that the agency had to regulate greenhouse gases if they endanger public health — but did not say how.
Trump’s plans for the social cost of carbon are less clear. 
The Obama administration estimated that each ton of carbon dioxide imposes $36 in costs to society to evaluate its climate rules. But Republicans and fossil energy supporters argued it arrived at that figure by counting global benefits while specifying only domestic costs — and they complain the metric was not subjected to a traditional notice-and-comment period before it was employed. 
Critics also said the Obama administration used the social cost of carbon to impose stricter rules at EPA, the Energy Department and elsewhere that would be too costly to justify otherwise. Many environmentalists, meanwhile, complained that the amount was too low.
Whether Trump significantly lowers the cost of carbon or abolishes it altogether, the change could have a serious impact on energy regulations that will play out over a period of years. And it remains unclear how the courts might react. Federal judges have upheld agencies’ use of the metric before, but some may be inclined to give deference to the Trump administration over what amounts to a highly technical calculation. 
Meanwhile, Trump’s order will also lead to the resumption of federal coal leasing. But major coal companies are hardly champing at the bit to sign new leases on federal land, although the Bureau of Land Management could make new tracts available relatively quickly. For example, a spokesman for Peabody Energy, which mines more U.S. coal than anyone else, told Bloomberg that the company will not need a new lease in Wyoming’s Powder River Basin for “approximately a decade.” 
The Obama administration imposed a moratorium in February 2016 as part of a three-year review of the federal coal program. That followed reports from the Government Accountability Office, Interior’s inspector general and a coalition of environmentalists and government spending watchdogs that concluded Interior was undervaluing coal on public lands. 
Zinke hinted earlier this month that he will continue the underlying review, despite lifting the moratorium, to ensure taxpayers get the full value of coal being sold off of federal lands.
It's not clear that the moratorium cost any jobs, particularly since most coal mining is happening on private rather than public lands. The National Mining Association has not calculated the costs of the moratorium so far, but the group noted that coal mines on federal lands employ 14,000 miners. 
Anthony Adragna and Esther Whieldon contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
PALM BEACH, Fla. — Democrats just came up with a catchy-sounding bill to force President Donald Trump to cough up a list of visitors to his private clubs.
But there’s just one problem: There are no lists yet.
Story Continued Below
On Friday night, guests streamed into Mar-a-Lago, the president’s self-proclaimed “southern White House,” for the annual Palm Beach GOP Lincoln Day Dinner. All they had to do to get into the seaside retreat, where the first lady and the president’s youngest son were vacationing for spring break, was buy a $300 ticket.
They didn’t have to submit to the kinds of rigorous background checks required if they’d been entering the White House in Washington. And there were no weapon screenings or bomb-sniffing dogs checking vehicles of the sort that have long been routine at public restaurants or other places where the president or first lady is present.
Mar-a-Lago also doesn’t keep tabs on the identity of guests who come and go on a routine basis, even while the president is in residence. Club members call the front desk to give the names of their guests, including for parties held in the ballroom. But they don’t have to submit details, like a middle initial or birth date or Social Security number, that are standard for visitor logs or background checks — which neither the club nor the Secret Service do at the resort.
Whether they realize it or not, what the Democratic lawmakers are asking for is a whole new system to be established putting Mar-a-Lago and the other Trump clubs a step closer to being on par with the White House when it comes to disclosure.
Former U.S. Secret Service officials tell POLITICO that the agency isn't equipped — with the time or money — to do the kind of legwork that would be required to produce logs for the president’s clubs. Agents don’t do it when the president goes to a hotel or other events away from 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. And they don’t see the benefit in chasing down the names of every person that a member or party host brings in and who they vouch for as a legitimate guest. 
“You can posture all day long, but the service can’t produce something that doesn’t exist,” said Jonathan Wackrow, a former Secret Service agent. The premise behind the Democrats’ bill, he added, isn't “realistic.”
“It’s a misapplication of resources,” he said.
White House officials referred questions about security involving the first lady at Mar-a-Lago, as well as the collection of visitor logs at the South Florida club, to the Secret Service, which through a spokesman cited its policy of not publicly commenting “on our protective operations.” The Trump Organization, which has a large security presence at Mar-a-Lago, also did not respond to requests for comment.
New Mexico Democratic Sen. Tom Udall took the lead Friday introducing legislation calling on the president to begin collecting information for the public release of visitor logs for both the White House and his private properties, including Trump Tower in New York and Mar-a-Lago.
“If the Secret Service can’t keep track of who has access to the president outside the White House then that’s a national security concern,” Udall said in a statement to POLITICO.
“And if it's prohibitively expensive to keep track of who has access to the president when he's conducting official business, then the president should consider the taxpayers and take seriously his own promises to save the taxpayers money,” he added. “The taxpayers already generously provide a very nice home office for the president, as well as security. Should they have to pay millions of dollars more for security so the president can work in luxury clubs and golf courses that his business owns?"
The White House didn’t respond to requests for comment on the Udall bill, which the lawmaker dubbed the “Making Access Records Available to Lead American Government Openness Act,” or “Mar-a-Lago Act.”
Security at Mar-a-Lago remains a mixed bag. Experts have warned that the president’s repeated visits to his South Florida home — another trip is expected early next month with Chinese President Xi Jinping — exposes him and his staff to foreign intelligence agents who now have opportune targets for eavesdropping and building files on their routines and habits.
When Trump is on the premises, club members and their guests must pass through multiple Secret Service checkpoints, including a vehicle inspection and a magnetometer screening for detecting weapons. But those protections are far less intrusive when the president isn’t in town, even if his family is. The guests who got a chance to briefly mingle and snap photos of the first lady Friday night at Mar-a-Lago during the Lincoln Dinner VIP cocktail reception, for example, weren’t screened for weapons.
The first lady’s security detail changes depending on the particulars of any given situation, Wackrow explained. Although the Secret Service often used metal detectors at restaurants when former first lady Michelle Obama was dining out in public, the agency doesn't always default to that approach, especially if there’s no specific threat against the low-profile first lady in attendance at a semi-private club owned by the president.
“Every asset in the kitchen sink goes to the president, and it steps down from there based on the threat profile,” he said.
There has been one notable security change at Mar-a-Lago since POLITICO revealed earlier this month that the club’s website was accessible to the public with the names, work emails and phone numbers of key staff members, including its top manager and the directors in charge of security and housekeeping. Now, that page is no longer available online.
The president’s repeated visits to Mar-a-Lago have been an increasing sore spot from a security standpoint. In February, during a dinner with the Japanese prime minister, Trump and his top aides were photographed going over their response to a North Korean missile test. The military officer who carries the country’s nuclear weapon codes also posed for photos with at least one Mar-a-Lago guest, and the images made it onto social media.
The White House insisted in the aftermath of that dinner that no classified information was discussed in public that night. “Proper security protocols are adhered to at all times at Mar-a-Lago,” Marc Short, Trump’s legislative affairs director, added in a one-paragraph letter sent earlier this month to House Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah).
But lawmakers still haven’t gotten all their questions answered. Chaffetz is still awaiting a classified briefing that Short promised to go over security protocols at Mar-a-Lago. And Democrats are looking toward a Government Accountability Office report that’s just getting started on the topic.
Former Secret Service agents say the bureau’s primary role at Mar-a-Lago and the other Trump properties is to focus on assessing and protecting the president from physical threats. Unlike Camp David, the rural Maryland retreat that Trump has yet to visit, they note that the president’s clubs themselves are not government-controlled facilities.
“It’s a significant issue, because we still have a new fledgling administration trying to get their arms around what their role is running this country, and there’s lots of little things they’ve never thought about in their entire life,” said Bill Pickle, a former deputy assistant director of the Secret Service. “The deeper and longer they get into it, the better they’ll get.”



ARTICLE
During an Oval Office meeting with Donald Trump just days after his inauguration, the CEOs of the nation's three biggest automakers urged the new president to rethink the Obama administration's strict pollution limits for vehicles.
“I think he’s going to be good for our industry," Ford Motor CEO Mark Fields told attendees at an auto industry conference soon after the meeting, adding later, “As an industry, we have a seat at the table.”
Story Continued Below
Fields was right. According to people briefed on the matter, the White House leaned heavily on top auto industry officials as it mapped out a strategy for dealing with Obama's fuel economy rules, which would mandate that the nation's fleet of new vehicles get more than 50 miles per gallon on average by 2025.
Less than two months after the Oval Office meeting, the automakers got their way. During a speech in Detroit, Trump directed the EPA to reconsider the Obama administration's conclusion that automakers are capable of meeting the fuel economy standards, taking the first step toward potentially weakening the rules.
Since taking office, Trump and his top advisers have met with dozens of industry and business officials, giving the executives an unparalleled opportunity to influence the president's nascent policy agenda. So far, Trump's policies neatly align with industry priorities on everything from approving the Keystone XL oil pipeline to rolling back financial regulations to moving the country's air traffic control operations out of the Federal Aviation Administration. 
The Trump administration is poised to give the business community even more influence through its new "White House Office of American Innovation," which will work with dozens of corporate executives to come up with ideas to reorganize the federal government. 
Increasingly, career staff at federal agencies are being left out of policy discussions amid simmering distrust between Trump's advisers and the thousands of bureaucrats stationed across the government.
EPA's transportation experts were sidelined during the internal discussion about reopening Obama's fuel economy standards, infuriating staffers who had worked on the issue for years, according to two people familiar with the issue. And Trump's political appointees did not consult with State Department officials before the president issued a January memo calling for a Keystone approval. 
Trump often asks CEOs during private conversations to list the federal regulations they would most like to eliminate, according to people who have spoken with him. And he presses the executives for "big ideas" about how to bring back U.S. jobs.
Industry and business executives are sometimes astonished by the level of access they have to the Trump administration, especially after eight years with Barack Obama in the White House. 
"They’ve been shut out for so long that they’re still trying to figure out that they are allowed to say what they want to say," said the leader of an industry-backed advocacy group, who requested anonymity to characterize interactions with the president. "It’s a different dynamic now."
But government watchdogs and progressive groups argue that Trump is beholden to the interests of big business over the American people, comparing his frequent meetings with deep-pocketed executives to former President George W. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney's close cooperation with the energy industry. 
"Trump is definitely trying to position himself as the president of big business and that’s a problem," said Nick Schwellenbach, the director of investigations at the Project On Government Oversight. "Obviously business is important, but other considerations need to be taken into account when we’re talking about national policy decisions.”
Over the last two months, Trump has met with executives from the technology, energy, health care, retail, airline, financial services, automotive, chemical and manufacturing industries. It's impossible to develop a complete list of Trump's discussions with industry and business executives because the White House has not yet released visitor logs and many of the president's meetings at his Mar-a-Lago estate are not made public. 
"President Trump has always made clear he recognizes the importance of meeting with business leaders and workers at all levels," a White House official said, noting that Trump has also met with union workers, veterans and small business owners. "The President is committed to supporting American workers, which is why he goes straight to the source to assess what is working and what isn't."
During the Republican primaries, many industry officials were deeply skeptical of Trump, who often targets companies for shipping jobs overseas and once dismissed the oil industry as a "special interest." But after it became clear he'd be the Republican nominee, Trump and his team built strong relationships with the very industries he once criticized.
Early on, Trump's transition team was stacked with lobbyists with ties to the fossil fuel, chemical and pharmaceutical industries. Transition team officials repeatedly held "listening sessions" with industry representatives from the technology, health care and energy sectors in the months before Trump took office, according to people who attended, giving lobbyists a forum to make policy recommendations to the then-candidate's advisers. 
Trump later imposed lobbying restrictions on people serving in the transition and, once he became president, issued an executive order limiting the role of lobbyists in his administration. 
Despite Trump's restrictions, several former industry lobbyists are now serving in the Trump administration, including Mike Catanzaro, a White House energy adviser who previously lobbied for fossil fuel companies. The administration is also brimming with former business executives, including Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn.
Exxon Mobil, the company that Tillerson led for more than a decade, won a high-profile endorsement from Trump earlier this month for its announcement that it is investing in manufacturing jobs in the U.S. The White House issued a statement, a rare minute-long video praising Exxon's announcement and Trump took to Twitter to heap praise on the company. 
Trump's energy policy often echoes fossil fuel companies' priorities. Industry groups have for years advocated for a Keystone approval (Exxon lobbied in favor of the pipeline), which Trump's State Department green-lighted on Friday, reversing an Obama administration decision. 
Tillerson personally lobbied to kill an Obama administration regulation that required oil and mining companies to disclose their payments to foreign governments. In February, Trump signed a Congress-backed resolution killing the rule. 
The president is slated to sign an executive order on Tuesday that, according to people briefed on the matter, will read like an oil and coal industry wishlist. The order will begin the process of overturning Obama's landmark climate regulations limiting emissions from power plants and it will take steps to overturn or review Obama-era limits on coal leasing, fracking and methane emissions on public lands — all top industry priorities. 
Several energy executives have talked to Trump in recent months about their concerns with Obama's regulations, including Continental Resources CEO Harold Hamm, who helped shape Trump's energy policies during the campaign, and Robert Murray, the CEO of coal company Murray Energy. A Murray spokesman declined to comment on his communications with the president. 
Murray and National Mining Association President Hal Quinn attended an event at the White House in which Trump signed a resolution overturning an Obama administration regulation meant to protect streams from mountaintop removal coal mining.
Trump administration officials have met with representatives from oil and coal companies, including Peabody Energy and ConocoPhillips, as they weigh whether to stay in the Paris climate change agreement, according to people familiar with the meetings. 
At the urging of billionaire investor Carl Icahn, a friend of the president, Trump administration officials also briefly discussed making changes to a federal biofuels program, according to a person familiar with the internal deliberations. The change would have benefited Icahn's oil refinery business. 
When a group of airline executives met with Trump at the White House in February, they pitched him on one of their biggest priorities: spinning off air traffic control operations from the FAA to a nonprofit corporation whose board would include airline representatives. The proposal, which was also pushed by lawmakers like House Transportation Chairman Bill Shuster (R-Pa.), was later included in Trump's budget proposal.
In many cases Trump's deregulatory agenda closely mimics industry groups recommendations. The powerful Business Roundtable, which is chaired by JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon, outlined a list of "top regulations of concern" in a February letter to the White House.
Several of the measures mentioned on the list are already in the process of being overturned, including climate change regulations for power plants; a water regulation to protect the country's streams and wetlands; the so-called Cadillac tax (the tax was delayed in the ill-fated Republican health care bill); and the regulation requiring disclosure of payments to foreign governments.
"Almost every action that they’re taking is deregulatory, which is a direct benefit to some industry," said Lisa Gilbert, vice president of legislative affairs at Public Citizen.
Days after having a private meeting with Trump at the White House, Dimon was by Trump's side when the president signed an executive order in February that took the first steps toward rolling back Obama administration financial regulations.
“We expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank because frankly I have so many people, friends of mine that have nice businesses and they can't borrow money,” Trump said during the signing ceremony. "The banks just won't let them borrow because of the rules and regulations in Dodd-Frank."
Trump's frequent contact with CEOs is leading to heightened scrutiny from outside groups. 
Former Obama administration lawyers are raising questions about a phone call earlier this month between Trump and Joseph Swedish, the CEO of Anthem, the country's second-largest health insurer. Anthem is seeking federal approval for its $54 billion acquisition of Cigna.
In a recent letter to the Justice Department, the coalition of Obama lawyers, known as United to Protect Democracy, called for an investigation into possible contacts between the White House and the Justice Department, which is overseeing the merger. The letter points to the call between Trump and Swedish, and notes that Makan Delrahim, a current deputy White House counsel who previously lobbied for Anthem, is expected to be nominated to lead the Justice Department's antitrust division. Trump announced his intent to nominate Delrahim to the Justice Department job on Monday night. 
The White House strongly denied that anything improper took place, saying in a statement that Trump discussed the health care bill with Swedish "and the White House took specific precautions to ensure that neither the merger nor the related litigation was discussed during the call."
"Evenhanded treatment under the law is a bedrock principle of our democracy," the Obama lawyers wrote in the letter. "The American people depend on the [Justice Department] to enforce our federal laws equally as to all parties, regardless of those parties’ size, influence, or political connections."
Nancy Cook, Kathryn A. Wolfe, Paul Demko, Victoria Guida and Theodoric Meyer contributed to this story. 



ARTICLE
After months of overtures from President Donald Trump to Russian President Vladimir Putin, the Trump administration is trading harsh diplomatic words with Moscow, further dimming the prospects for a strategic alliance between the two countries.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer opened his Monday briefing by reading a statement saying the U.S. “strongly condemns” the detention of hundreds, including leading Putin critic Alexei Navalny, following a weekend crackdown on peaceful anti-corruption protests across Russia.
Story Continued Below
The statement featured the toughest language Trump’s White House has directed at Putin’s government, surprising some Russia hawks unsure whether Trump—who has repeatedly avoided criticizing Putin—would allow the government to rebuke Moscow’s actions. As a candidate, Trump frequently promised to seek friendly relations with Moscow, but that talk has cooled in recent weeks amid intense scrutiny of his campaign’s ties to Russia.
Experts say Putin is highly sensitive to American criticism of his internal political actions, and the Russian leader could react angrily to the condemnation. But it remains unclear whether the statement reflects carefully considered U.S. policy. The top Russia jobs at the State Department and Pentagon remain unfilled. A White House official said the incoming senior national security council director for Russia, Brookings Institution scholar Fiona Hill, has not yet started her job.
Meanwhile, the Kremlin has in recent weeks steadily sharpened its rhetoric about the Trump administration, which has recently taken steps perceived in Moscow as adverse to Russian interests.
On Saturday, Russia’s foreign ministry spokeswoman blasted new Trump administration sanctions against companies doing business with Syria, Iran and North Korea, whose targets included eight Russian companies. In a statement posted on Facebook, spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said her government is “bewildered and concerned” by the U.S. move.
Zakharova said the U.S. action “undermines the prospects of setting up comprehensive multilateral cooperation” to jointly fight terrorists. “Washington again does the bidding of those who made a consistent destruction of Russia-US cooperation their main priority,” Zakharova wrote.
And shortly before Spicer spoke on Monday, Moscow’s top diplomat pounced on reports that a March 17 U.S. airstrike killed as many as 200 civilians in the Iraqi city of Mosul.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said he was “startle[d]” by the report of the airstrike and said Moscow had requested a special briefing at the United Nations Security Council. Lavrov claimed that "several other tragic incidents in which civilians died have happened since” in the ISIS-controlled Iraqi city since then, according to an official transcript of his remarks posted online by Russia’s foreign ministry.
Lavrov, following a standard Russian playbook of flipping charges back at an accuser, also suggested that the joint U.S. and Iraqi offensive to liberate Mosul from ISIS was more brutal than the recent Russian and Syrian military campaign in Aleppo, Syria. “We have been monitoring the operation to liberate Mosul since its inception, because we remembered how some of our Western colleagues criticized us during the operation in eastern Aleppo,” Lavrov said.
Lavrov argued that Russia—which was widely condemned for brutal tactics, including airstrikes on hospitals and aid workers—had actually protected civilian lives in Aleppo by opening a “corridor” to allow militants to leave the city, reducing the scale of Russia’s military operation there.
He also urged that a similarly “cautious and responsible approach would be used by the coalition in its further actions in Mosul.” (The U.S. and Iraqi militaries have each launched investigations into the March 17 Mosul strike.)
“I don’t think anyone in the Pentagon will take kindly to being lectured by the Russians about what happened in Mosul,” said Andrew Weiss, a former Bill Clinton White House official handing Russia issues, who is now at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace.
“Sadly, this is part of a familiar Russian playbook that has been used time and again by Putin, Lavrov and other senior figures,” Weiss added.
U.S. intelligence officials believe Putin interfered in the 2016 U.S. election in part to exact revenge on former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, who publicly backed major street protests against Putin in 2011.
Trump administration statements relating to Russia have so far generally tracked those of the Obama administration, which could suggest that U.S. officials are following old guidance as they await fresh policy direction.
More detail could come when Secretary of State Rex Tillerson arrives in Brussels on Friday for a meeting of NATO foreign ministers at which Russia is certain to be a main topic. Tillerson originally planned to skip the meeting, creating an uproar among NATO allies anxious about Trump’s commitment to European security.



ARTICLE
Rep. Devin Nunes, the Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, said Monday that he did not coordinate his allegations that President Donald Trump’s transition team was monitored by U.S. intelligence officials with the White House.
Nunes announced last week that he had seen classified documents that showed that communications of Trump transition team members had been picked up by U.S. intelligence officials between November and January, apparently legally and incidentally. CNN reported on Monday morning that Nunes had gone to the White House grounds to view those documents, which further raised the question of whether the Trump administration had given them to him and coordinated the story.
Story Continued Below
Nunes denied that in an interview with CNN’s Wolf Blitzer early Monday evening, arguing that it is commonplace for him to travel to White House grounds to view classified materials from various agencies or for other business in his capacity as a congressman.
“Nobody was sneaking around,” Nunes said. “All it was was just a place where I had to go to be able to review this information.”
He added later, “In fact, I'm quite that sure that I think people in the West Wing had no idea that I was there. Look, I go over there a lot, go over there often for meetings and briefings to meet foreign dignitaries, all those sorts of things.”
Nunes declined to identify his source or detail who cleared him to enter the grounds to view the information.



ARTICLE
New and confusing details are slowly emerging about the source of House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes’ declaration last week that Trump transition aides had been inadvertently picked up by intelligence surveillance — and the White House doesn't appear eager to clear up its role.
Ever since Nunes’ conveniently timed revelation last week — an announcement that President Donald Trump says “somewhat” vindicated his unsubstantiated claim that former President Barack Obama wiretapped him — questions have swirled about whether the White House played a part in getting the evidence in Nunes’ hands.
Story Continued Below
White House press secretary Sean Spicer for days has cast doubt on that idea, while not directly denying it. And a new statement from Nunes on Monday that revealed he obtained the evidence last Tuesday on “White House grounds” is putting Trump’s team in an even more awkward position.
“Anything’s possible,” Spicer finally declared at Monday’s press briefing when repeatedly pushed on whether the White House or someone in the administration may have been Nunes’ source.
“What I can tell you, through his public comments, is that he has said that he had multiple sources that he came to a conclusion on, so the degree to which any of those sources weighed on the ultimate outcome of what he came to a decision on I don’t know,” Spicer added.
As the controversy deepens around whether any of Trump’s associates colluded with the alleged Russian effort to interfere in the election, the Nunes disclosure has become something of a sideshow, casting doubt on the House committee’s ability to conduct an impartial investigation and putting an unflattering light on the California Republican. 
Nunes, along with other Republicans on the committee, have often appeared eager to chase other stories — like the source of leaks about former national security adviser Michael Flynn, or whether Trump transition officials were improperly unmasked in intelligence reports — than to dig into what is purportedly the subject of their investigation: Russian interference in the election, which the intelligence community concluded was designed to boost Trump.
The latest Nunes episode kicked off in a series of bizarre turns last week.
Nunes told reporters at the Capitol on Wednesday, apparently after briefing Speaker Paul Ryan, that he had become aware of intelligence reports that had picked up Trump transition officials in “incidental” and legal collection — presumably in conversations with foreigners who were the target of federal surveillance. Nunes insisted the intelligence reports had nothing to do with Russia, and added that while they were legal he still found them troubling. He suggested that some Trump associates were improperly unmasked in the reports (standard practice is to redact the names of U.S. citizens that are caught up in incidental collection).
The revelation conveniently came after Trump discussed his wiretapping accusation with Fox News’ Tucker Carlson the prior week, saying, "you’re going to find some very interesting items coming to the forefront over the next 2 weeks.” Spicer was pressed about that declaration last Tuesday — the day before Nunes’ declaration.
During his news conference on Wednesday, Nunes announced he would travel to the White House to brief the president on his finding, which he promptly did. After that, he spoke with reporters again, this time outside the White House. 
“So that means I’m right,” Trump told TIME Magazine of the Nunes news on Wednesday, even as Nunes repeated specifically that there was no evidence of wiretapping of Trump’s phone.
“He was vindicating the president,” Spicer said on Thursday of Nunes’ remarks. 
Right-wing commentators and publications were quick to tout the announcement as some sort of victory, equating it with proof of Trump’s initial wiretapping allegation. But Nunes almost immediately found himself in hot water.
His two briefings to the press came before alerting other members of his committee, a move he later apologized for. Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the committee, slammed Nunes for acting like a tool of the White House. And Republican Sen. John McCain said the House committee had lost its credibility on the investigation.
Questions quickly arose about how, exactly, Nunes had obtained the information and why he felt the need to make it public and brief the president. 
When pressed on the matter last week, Spicer first tried to cast doubt on the notion that the documents could have come from the White House.
“I don’t know what he actually briefed the president on, but I don’t know why he would come up to brief the president on something that we gave him,” Spicer said on Thursday. “I don’t know why he would brief the Speaker and then come down here to brief us on something that we would have briefed him on. It doesn’t really seem to make a ton of sense. So I'm not aware of it, but it doesn’t really pass the smell test.”
Pressed again during the briefing on Nunes’ trip to the White House, Spicer deployed some humor.
“I don’t know how he got here. I assume in a car,” Spicer said at one point. “But I also don’t track him. I don’t keep his schedule either.
Spicer was also pressed on whether the information had been seen by the White House before.
“I believe that the information that he shared with the president was new,” Spicer said.
The White House also sought to divert attention away from how Nunes came to obtain the information.
“But there seems to be this obsession with the process: how did he get here, when did he go, what was the reaction. At some point, there should be a concern about the substance,” Spicer said. “That's a very serious revelation that he's made about what happened during the 2016 election with respect to our side and some of the things that happened. And at some point, I would implore, urge, beg some of you to use some of your investigative skills to look into what actually did happen, why did it happen, what was going on back there, who knew what when.” 
On Friday, Spicer admitted he could not rule out the possibility that Nunes obtained the documents from someone in the White House.
“I’m not aware of where he got the documents from. I don’t know,” Spicer said.
But on Monday it was revealed by CNN that Nunes had obtained the information on the White House grounds the night before he made his announcement.
“Chairman Nunes met with his source at the White House grounds in order to have proximity to a secure location where he could view the information provided by the source,” Nunes spokesman Jack Langer said in a statement Monday. “The chairman is extremely concerned by the possible improper unmasking of names of U.S. citizens, and he began looking into this issue even before President Trump tweeted his assertion that Trump Tower had been wiretapped.”
When asked if the source worked for the White House, Nunes’ spokesman told POLITICO: “As for the source’s identity, the Chairman has repeatedly said that in order to protect the source, he will not reveal any information whatsoever about that source.”
Nunes then told Bloomberg on Monday that the source was an intelligence official, not a White House staffer. And later on Monday, Nunes told CNN that West Wing officials were not aware that he was on White House grounds last Tuesday.
Spicer repeatedly referred reporters to those comments on Monday when pressed about how Nunes obtained the information, and why he traveled to the White House to receive it.
“I would refer you to his comments that he’s made,” Spicer said. “He is the one who has discussed what he is reviewing and so I will leave it up to him and not try to get in the middle of that.”
“He has said, from my understanding on the record, that he did not meet with White House staff,” Spicer said at another point.
Spicer later called it “irresponsible” to draw certain inferences from Nunes’ visit.
Spicer could not say how Nunes entered the White House complex to receive the information last week and whether the White House cooperated with his visit.



ARTICLE
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer on Monday likened President Donald Trump’s decision to abandon the House Republican proposal to repeal Obamacare — which Trump had supported — to walking away from a “bad deal.”
“The president also recognizes that when there’s not a deal to be made, when to walk away,” Spicer told reporters at Monday afternoon’s daily briefing, describing how the president used his business acumen to make the call on the health care fight. “It's not just about making deals. It’s knowing when to walk away from deals and knowing [that] when there’s a bad deal, that’s the only solution.”
Story Continued Below
The first legislative battle of Trump’s presidency ended Friday with the GOP’s failure to make good on its seven-year pledge to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, former President Barack Obama’s 2010 health care law. 
Trump had pushed for the Republican replacement legislation and initially demanded a vote on it, but it hemorrhaged support on Friday from both the party’s right and centrist flanks, prompting GOP leaders to pull it from the House floor. When he conceded defeat on the measure in the Oval Office on Friday, Trump still praised the failed bill, though he suggested without offering specifics that he thought it could have been improved. 
Spicer, though, implied on Monday that Trump believed that passing the legislation would have required deviating from his “vision.”
“I think the president understood that where we were, that while you can get a deal at the time, that sometimes a bad deal is worse than getting a deal,” Spicer continued. “And I think he smartly recognized that what was on the table was not going to be keeping with the vision that he had, and so he decided that this was not the time and that a deal was not at hand.”



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
White House press secretary Sean Spicer was cagey on Monday as he answered questions about the reasons for House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes’ visit to the White House one day before his announcement of evidence showing officials from President Donald Trump’s transition team had been inadvertently surveilled.
Spicer downplayed any notion that the two were connected and generally referred questions about Nunes’s activities to the congressman’s office.
Story Continued Below
“You can't ask someone to do a review of the situation and then sort of create inferences that because they're reviewing a situation that there's something, you know, that's not right about that,” Spicer said at his Monday press briefing. “He is reviewing a situation. He did exactly what — and I think he's been fairly open with the press as far as what he was doing, who he spoke to and why.”
An aide to Nunes (R-Calif.) confirmed Monday that the intelligence committee chairman met a source on the “White House grounds” before making his announcement last week regarding surveillance of Trump transition aides. The aide said Nunes’ meeting was held at the White House in order to ensure access to a secure location. It remained unclear with whom Nunes met, but speculation has swirled that his source for last week’s announcement was the Trump administration.
Asked if he could rule out that Nunes’ source had been in the White House, Spicer declined to do so and said “anything is possible.” Citing Nunes’ public statements, Spicer said the California lawmaker had drawn on multiple sources that impacted his ultimate announcement.



ARTICLE
After failing to shepherd a health care bill through a single chamber of Congress, President Donald Trump is “eager” to have major legislation advance through the House of Representatives, press secretary Sean Spicer said Monday.
Trump and House Speaker Paul Ryan suffered a political defeat Friday at the hands of their own party last week when they pulled a vote from the House on a measure to repeal and replace Obamacare once it became clear that it lacked enough GOP support for it to pass.
Story Continued Below
Trump has since blamed Democrats, despite their immediate and unanimous opposition, but signaled a willingness to work across the aisle to advance his agenda, which includes tax reform and a $1 trillion infrastructure plan. 
“I think there’s a point at which both parties can look back and figure out whether or not it’s worth engaging,” Spicer told reporters on Monday. “I think the president, as I mentioned, is eager to get to 218 on lot of his initiatives — whether it's tax reform, infrastructure, there’s a lot of things, and I think that he is going to be willing to listen to other voices on the other side to figure out if people want to work with him to get these big things done, to make Washington work, to enhance the lives of the American people, then he's gonna work with them.” 
Spicer pointed to the president’s meeting with members of the Congressional Black Caucus last week as an example of Trump's overtures to Democrats. The caucus met with Trump on Wednesday to discuss issues affecting the African-American community.
“I think he had a great meeting with the CBC the other day, for example, where he talked about infrastructure, he talked about loans and small business lending, education,” Spicer said. “There are things that he is willing to engage individuals with or groups or caucuses to get to 218 and further advance his agenda.” 
Spicer rejected the notion that working with Democrats would undermine Ryan’s job security as House speaker by freezing out the House Freedom Caucus, the ultra-conservative bloc of lawmakers that essentially sank the GOP’s proposal to repeal and replace Obamacare and ousted former House Speaker John Boehner.
“It’s not about undermining anybody,” Spicer said. “It’s about moving the agenda forward and getting things done.”



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump’s approval rating slipped to a new low Monday in the Gallup daily tracking poll, the first measure of Trump’s job performance following his administration’s failure to move a new health care law through Congress.
Only 36 percent of Americans approve of the way Trump is handling his job as president in interviews conducted last Friday through Sunday, a time period entirely after Republicans abandoned their bill to replace the 2010 Affordable Care Act. 
Story Continued Below
Trump’s approval rating is down from 41 percent in the prior three-day period. His previous low-water mark in the Gallup poll came earlier this month, when interviews conducted March 16-18 showed his approval rating at just 37 percent.
In the new survey, the percentage of Americans who disapprove of Trump’s performance is 57 percent, up from 54 percent in the previous three-day rolling sample. That’s one point shy of Trump’s highest disapproval rating: 58 percent in the March 16-18 sample.
Gallup editor-in-chief Frank Newport noted that Trump has now scored lower than both Barack Obama, who never ticked below 38 percent, and Bill Clinton, whose lowest approval rating was 37 percent. George W. Bush’s lowest-ever rating was 25 percent, George H.W. Bush’s was 29 percent and Ronald Reagan’s was 35 percent.
Clinton’s 37-percent score came only about six months into his presidency, in June 1993. But Newport notes that Clinton’s approval rating recovered over his first summer in the White House, to 56 percent in September 1993 — when he presented his ultimately failed plan to overhaul the health care system.
Gallup surveys approximately 1,500 adults over the course of each three-day rolling sample. The margin of error for each three-day roll is plus or minus 3 percentage points.



ARTICLE
Sen. Mark Warner, the leading Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, on Monday blasted Republican House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes’ conduct as the leader of the House’s investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election. 
Nunes met a source on “White House grounds” before claiming last week that Trump transition aides were surveilled, a Nunes aide confirmed Monday. 
Story Continued Below
Warner said Nunes’ trip to the White House is “more than suspicious” as he had to have been escorted to meet a source on White House grounds. 
“Who is he meeting with?” Warner said. “Was it a source or was it somebody from the administration? And then he goes through this, what appears to be a charade, where he comes out the next day and briefs the president before he tells the Democrats.”
Warner said the Senate Intelligence Committee is not aware of what Nunes was talking about. He added that the committee has queried the intelligence community, which Warner said is also unaware of what Nunes was describing. 
Although Republican Sen. John McCain has joined some Democrats in calling for an independent investigation, Warner said he was confident the Senate would be able to investigate in a bipartisan way. 
To form an independent investigation, a law would have to be passed and signed by the president, Warner said. He added he was concerned both parties would try to stack an independent investigation with partisans. 
“And that would push off this investigation for maybe close to a year,” Warner said. “I think the American people deserve answers a lot sooner.”
The Senate Intelligence Committee will announce its first public hearing later this week, Warner said, and has interviews scheduled. 



ARTICLE
After a week of partisan rancor that threatened to bring down the House's probe into Russian interference during the 2016 election, the Senate is quickly realizing it may be the only chamber left that can produce findings free of the cloud of White House meddling.
“You don’t have the kind of blow-ups [in the Senate] you had at the House,” Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) told POLITICO.
Story Continued Below
The Senate Intelligence Committee has been able to avoid the partisan fissures that have weakened its House counterpart, and began conducting private interviews with intelligence officials last week. Sources say it also plans to interview Jared Kushner, President Donald Trump's son-in-law and close adviser, who had met in December with the Russian ambassador.
“Trust me, I feel the — everybody on the committee feels — the responsibility to continue to try to do this right,” said the Senate committee’s top Democrat, Mark Warner of Virginia, who is leading the upper chamber’s Russia investigation alongside Chairman Richard Burr (R-N.C.).
That’s a far cry from the acrimony dividing the House Intelligence Committee, whose Democrats maintain that their panel's probe is shrouded in suspicion after Chairman Devin Nunes made explosive public comments last week about alleged incidental surveillance of Trump transition team members by the Obama administration. The House committee’s top Democrat, Adam Schiff of California, later accused the White House of pressuring the committee to cancel an upcoming public hearing.
Such meddling, Schiff said, “threatens the integrity of the only investigation that’s been authorized in the House.”
The animosity carried over into the weekend, with Schiff questioning Nunes’ credibility to lead the investigation, and Republicans countering that Democrats have no evidence of actual collusion with the White House.
The series of spats on the House side has left the Senate panel feeling the pressure to deliver.
If it can’t, Congress’s Russia probes risk meeting the fate of the House’s investigation into the 2012 terror attacks in Benghazi, Libya, which ended with separate Republican and Democratic reports. Senate Intelligence Committee members want to avoid a similar fate, and believe they have a strategy to do so.
“I’m not concerned about their process,” Burr said of the House committee. “I’m concerned about mine.”
Burr said he and Warner had “constructed” the Senate’s plan “between the two of us, and there seems to be a great deal of trust in it.”
The upper chamber’s inquiry hasn’t been entirely without controversy: In January, Warner and all his Democratic colleagues nearly walked out of the investigation just as it was beginning. They were protesting Burr’s initial decision to not examine possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Moscow.
Burr himself has also come under intense criticism for his ties to the Trump administration. And Democratic committee members are still worried about the investigation’s pace.
But given the partisan warfare that has broken out among their House counterparts, Senate lawmakers believe they are running smoothly by comparison.
The House side reached new levels of bitterness last week, starting on Wednesday when Nunes held a solo news conference — without telling anyone else on his committee — to announce he knew of evidence indicating that U.S. intelligence agencies had incidentally monitored members of the Trump transition team. Nunes then marched to the White House to brief the president himself, but has not shared his alleged findings with the panel’s Democrats.
The next day, Nunes — a member of the Trump transition’s executive committee — apologized to his colleagues for keeping them in the dark. But he reopened the wounds Friday when he canceled an open hearing slated for Tuesday that had been set to feature former top Obama intelligence officials.
“I’m still, probably the most polite word I could use is baffled, by what Nunes did,” Warner said before Friday’s events.
The Virginia Democrat chalked up the Senate committee’s ability to move past those initial controversies to his “long-term relationship” with Burr.
Unlike the House Intelligence Committee’s hearing last March 20— which featured bombshell revelations from FBI Director James Comey — the Senate side’s upcoming hearing will feature only a top cybersecurity expert and former NSA head Keith Alexander, who left the agency in 2014. The Thursday gathering will be the panel's first hearing since it set the parameters of its investigation.
“What we want to do is we want to go through this in a much more methodical process,” Warner told reporters last week. “We’ll have an appropriate time to talk to the FBI director, but we want to have more information first.”
Despite calls from House Democrats to take their chamber’s investigation away from Nunes, Senate Intelligence panel members declined to say whether they think the House can eventually churn out a credible set of conclusions.
“They’re certainly going to have some rehab work to do,” said Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.).
Nunes’ actions have reinvigorated the push by some lawmakers to put a special prosecutor or independent commission in charge of the Russia probe. But even some Democrats say that’s not a panacea.
“In effect, they would have to start over,” Wyden cautioned. “People just say, ‘Well, let’s have a this, and let’s have a that.’ That work doesn’t automatically get transferred, you’ve got to go out and hire new people and the like.”
Sen. James Lankford (R-Okla.), another Intelligence panel member, issued a similar warning.
“If you start a new process, it’s a year,” he said.
Austin Wright contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump’s boyhood home in Queens has sold for $2.14 million, a 54 percent jump from its sale price in December and a premium for the neighborhood.
The buyer took title to the house under the name Trump Birth House LLC. Michael X. Tang, a Chinese immigration lawyer representing the buyer, said he couldn't disclose details without the consent of the new owner, which he said "is very unlikely at this point."
Story Continued Below
The 2,000-square-foot house was flipped by a real estate speculator, Michael J. Davis of Wareham Holdings LLC, who paid $1.39 million for the Jamaica Estates property before Trump was inaugurated. 
Davis made a 50 percent profit on the deal, according to Paramount Realty USA, the company that sold the house at auction.
“This property is so much more than just real estate,” Paramount’s Misha Haghani said. “Special properties are appropriately sold by auction, just like art is. As they say, beauty is truly in the eyes of the beholder.”
While on the campaign trail, the president had expressed an interest in buying his old home, which was built by his father, Fred Trump, in 1940.
“I want to buy it,” Trump told Jimmy Fallon. The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment on last week's sale. 
Redfin currently estimates the home value at $1.49 million. Zillow puts it at only $1.245 million.
Laura Nahmias contributed to this report. 



ARTICLE
Former President Barack Obama “would be happy to” continue offering advice to his successor as he did throughout the transition between their administrations, Obama’s former press secretary said Monday.
Josh Earnest, the Obama-era White House spokesman and newly minted NBC News political analyst, said he is not aware of any communication between his former boss and President Donald Trump since Inauguration Day. The two spoke multiple times during the transition and Trump, who got his start in politics as the most prominent voice of the so-called birther conspiracy theory and spent years antagonizing Obama, was strikingly cordial once the two men met face to face. 
Story Continued Below
“I'm not aware they've had conversations since President Trump took office, but the telephone line still works so if he wants advice or insight, I'm confident that President Obama, who's interested in the success of the country, would be happy to share his experience with President Trump,” Earnest said on NBC’s “Today” show.
In his capacity as press secretary, Earnest was cagey about the nature of conversations between Trump and Obama, insisting that members of the presidential fraternity be able to candidly and privately seek the advice of one another. Trump, in an interview last December on the “Today” show, disclosed that he had sought Obama’s advice on Cabinet appointments, although he did not disclose which candidates he specifically asked about.
While the transitional relationship between the two men seemed relatively warm, Trump has since returned to attacking his predecessor, most notably by alleging that Obama ordered an illegal wiretap of Trump Tower during the 2016 election. Obama has flatly denied that allegation, and neither Trump, nor any other White House official, has offered evidence to support the claim. Both Republican and Democratic members of the House and Senate intelligence committees also have said they have seen no proof of the president’s accusation.



ARTICLE
After suffering its first legislative blow at the hands of the Washington establishment, the White House regrouped over the weekend with senior aides strategizing on ways to score their boss a few wins and reassessing future friends and foes. 
Instead of dwelling on the humbling Obamacare repeal defeat, President Donald Trump's chief strategist Steve Bannon told POLITICO there would be "action, action, action" this week coming from the White House. Expect executive orders this week on trade, energy and environmental regulations, he said in a text message.
Story Continued Below
Environmental Protection Agency chief Scott Pruitt said on ABC's "This Week" that Trump will sign an executive order this week rolling back President Obama's Clean Power Plan — an "Energy Independence Executive Order” designed to reduce regulations on domestic energy resources. The White House also confirmed that it would announce the creation of the Office of American Innovation on Monday, led by Jared Kushner. 
All of that would help put the weekend of bitter recriminations behind them. The president took a step in that direction by calling House Speaker Paul Ryan on Sunday to reaffirm his commitment to their partnership. Ryan has indicated he is ready to move on to the next item on the ambitious GOP agenda — despite Trump’s tweet this weekend appearing to endorse Fox News host Judge Jeanine Pirro's take-down of Ryan.
Some in Republican leadership even saw a silver lining in Trump's defeat — he may have figured out who he can work with on the Hill. 
They're hoping that Trump has realized out it's useless dealing with the House Freedom Caucus that they believe moved the goalpost on the health care bill many times without ever committing to the vote. 
One senior administration official says the White House now has their eyes on courting moderate Democrats. That official said they plan to reach out to House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer and other rank-and-file Democrats who they think will be amenable to infrastructure spending and tax reform. The White House has already made contact with the Congressional Black Caucus. 
Chief of Staff Reince Priebus appeared to telegraph that approach Sunday by repeatedly saying on Fox News Sunday that they need to reach out to moderate Democrats.
"The last 48 hours were about letting the dust settle, and the next week will be about talking to Democrats," said another senior administration official who was involved in pushing the health care bill on the Hill. 
One senior GOP Hill source surmised that the messaging campaign from the White House about the potential courtship of Democrats is designed to make the House Freedom Caucus feel irrelevant in the fights ahead — a risky tactic since the president will likely need the House Freedom Caucus for the next flash points on the legislative agenda — the debt ceiling and the budget in April. 
"He's not only risking alienating them [the Freedom Caucus] but conservatives as a whole," said a senior GOP Hill adviser. "People were always suspicious of his conservative credentials, but they supported the candidacy. He's running the risk of turning off conservatives and he still has to deal with the debt ceiling fight and everything else. He walked into Speaker Ryan's trap of calling out the Freedom Caucus."
On Sunday, Trump blasted both the House Freedom Caucus and Democrats in a single tweet. "Democrats are smiling in D.C. that the Freedom Caucus, with the help of Club For Growth and Heritage, have saved Planned Parenthood & Ocare!" Trump tweeted. 
Trump will likely have to wait more than a week for his next big win — assuming Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch is confirmed in the face of Democratic Senate vows to block his nomination. 
Until then, the White House appears to be ready to take on a more active role in tax reform than it did on the health care bill. According to a House leadership aide, when Ryan came to the White House on Thursday to deliver the bad news to Trump on the vote count, the president’s top economic adviser, Gary Cohn, and Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin were eager to talk about tax reform. 
While Trump laid his salesmanship on thick in the final week before the health care vote by courting the different GOP factions, some believe that he needs to sustain that work well in advance of the push for tax reform.
"To be his own best advocate, the President needs to know the Republican conference much better — invite members to the White House socially, invite them on Air Force One and to a golf outing," said Doug Heye, who served as an aide to former House Majority Leader Eric Cantor. "This effort can pay dividends the next time the White House wants to influence votes on the Hill." 
Other have suggested that Trump should go even further and spend more time on the road selling his message, to add to his leverage when he's trying to twist arms on Capitol Hill. 
"He spends everyday meeting with interest groups in the White House, I think going out and meeting with average Americans wouldn't hurt," said Alex Conant, Sen. Marco Rubio's former communications director, noting hat Trump's average of one rally outside of D.C. per week isn't enough with his slipping approval ratings. "They need to develop a strategy, where they agree that 37 percent is unacceptable for a president's approval rating after two months on the job." 



ARTICLE
The fight for the direction of Donald Trump’s presidency between the Goldman Sachs branch of the West Wing and hardcore conservatives is spilling into the Treasury Department, threatening Trump’s next agenda item of overhauling the tax code.
Conservatives inside and outside Treasury say the new secretary, former Goldman Sachs banker, movie producer and Democratic donor Steven Mnuchin, is assembling a team that is too liberal and too detached from the core of Trump’s “Make America Great Again” platform of ripping up trade deals, gutting the Dodd-Frank banking rules and generally rejecting “globalism” in all its forms.
Story Continued Below
The ideological divide has been brewing for weeks inside the White House as a result of appointing a raft of top advisers with radically different worldviews. The battle at Treasury is simply an extension of that brutal fight, according to interviews with over a dozen administration officials, donors, lobbyists and conservative policy experts. 
On one side is a less ideological faction, mostly aligned with Mnuchin, that includes National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn and deputy national security adviser Dina Powell — three former Goldman executives — alongside first daughter Ivanka Trump and to some degree her husband, Jared Kushner. All are seen as having a more favorable view of international trade deals and existing relationships with foreign counterparts and a more measured approach to revamping financial regulations. On the other side are more populist and nationalist forces, led by senior adviser Steve Bannon and top policy adviser Stephen Miller.
Already, critics note that Mnuchin has selected another Democratic donor, Craig Phillips, for a top position within the department. He told senators at his confirmation hearing that he supports parts of the controversial Volcker Rule, which prohibits banks from making some bets with their own money — an anathema to conservatives who want to scrap stricter banking laws.
"If that is his position, it is not a conservative one and is not consistent with deregulation," said Norbert Michel, a senior research fellow in financial regulation and monetary policy at the Heritage Foundation and former member of the Trump transition team.
Right-leaning policy experts, Republican donors and some who worked on the presidential transition fear that Mnuchin has neither the policy chops nor the conservative credentials to lead Treasury, especially given pressure the agency will face after the health care battle to overhaul the tax code, eliminate Dodd-Frank or re-do housing finance rules. Republicans see major opportunities for policy shifts thanks to the business executive-turned-president, and they want Cabinet secretaries to take full advantage.
“I think Donald has a weakness for guys who made a lot of money,” said one Republican donor. 
“For conservatives, Mnuchin is a missed opportunity because he is not conservative. He will not drive the kind of tax reform we want, nor will he be strong on fixing Dodd-Frank,” the donor added. 
Tony Sayegh, Treasury’s assistant secretary for public affairs, dismissed complaints about Mnuchin and said the secretary and Trump are aligned on every issue including taxes, financial reform and trade. 
“Secretary Mnuchin has consistently stated that sweeping tax reform is his number one priority, has worked closely with President Trump on the issue since the campaign, and is now leading the tax reform effort on behalf of the administration,” he said. “The secretary just returned from the G20 finance ministers meeting in Germany where he held two press conferences and 18 bilateral meetings during which he promoted President Trump’s belief in free, fair and balanced trade.
One lobbyist close to the administration and transition team defended Mnuchin, saying the Senate just confirmed him on Feb. 13. “It’s too early to start etching in stone what he is or isn’t going to do. He is new to the town,” the lobbyist said. “This town rolls on certainty. That is what makes this difficult for people.”
Allies of Cohn and Powell, both former Goldman Sachs executives like Mnuchin, say their opponents, led by Bannon, are attempting to plant stories about Cohn and those around him to discredit their standing with conservatives and with Trump himself.
Powell, for her part, received significant conservative support for her new national security role including from Sen. Tom Cotton (R-Ark.).
These include allegations that Cohn is pushing a carbon tax and for keeping the U.S. in the Paris climate accords and was behind a visit to the White House by Zeke Emanuel, an architect of Obamacare.
Cohn defenders say none of these stories are true. Out of courtesy, the NEC director took a meeting with a group of conservatives pushing a carbon tax, led by longtime GOP power broker Jim Baker, but that nothing came from the meeting. And they say he did not invite Emanuel and is not pushing for keeping the U.S. in the Paris agreement.
Instead, four administration sources said, the attacks on Cohn appear aimed at heading off any possibility that the NEC director could take on an even more prominent role, including potentially as White House chief of staff, should a major staff shake-up occur.
Cohn has proven himself among the few West Wing advisers able and willing to contradict the president. One person close to the matter said the NEC director regularly pushes back in meetings with the Trump. “It’s always done in a respectful, ‘Can I just make my point?’ kind of way. He’s not interrupting him,” this person said.
Behind closed doors, Cohn has also been positioning himself as the leader of any upcoming tax reform process. This month, he met with Ways and Means Republicans and his top tax policy adviser, Shahira Knight, to give a broad overview of how the White House views tax reform, according to another lobbyist. He’s also met three times with Republicans on Senate Finance, according to a congressional aide, with Mnuchin accompanying him at one session.
Like at Treasury, these developments carry important ramifications for the Trump presidency’s policy direction.
Republicans hoping for a more traditional Trump presidency continue to pin their hopes on the Cohn and Mnuchin factions for policies less focused on nationalistic trade protectionism and harsh treatment of immigrants and more on reduced taxes and regulations along with better relations with corporate America. 
At Mnuchin’s first meeting with G20 officials of major international economic players, he attempted to thread the needle on policy between Trump hardliners and a more Wall Street-friendly view. "We believe in free trade. We are in one of the largest markets in the world. ...Trade has been good for us. It has been good for other people," he said. "Having said that, we want to re-examine certain agreements."
Wall Street executives are counting on Mnuchin and Cohn to temper some of the president’s instincts on trade, immigration and other policies. 
“I think Gary and Steve view most of these things the same way and are pretty well aligned against some of the crazier ideas coming from Bannon and the rest,” one top Wall Street executive who knows both men well said this week. “And once the health care fight is over they should be able to take center stage.” The executive did not want to be identified by name for fear of angering senior White House officials.
Advocates of the Bannon wing, which also includes senior adviser Stephen Miller, argue that pursuing this kind of centrist approach, either at Treasury or inside the White House, would be a rejection of Trump’s voters who elected him on a clear platform of changing trade policy to benefit Americans, building a wall with Mexico, cracking down on illegal immigration and preventing travel to the United States from nations associated with terrorism. 
At Treasury, senior officials dismiss much of the pushback against Mnuchin as mostly griping from junior staffers associated with the Trump campaign who don’t know anything about running such a large organization that covers everything from fighting terrorist financial networks to running the IRS to communicating with global markets.
Others acknowledged legitimate concerns with Phillips over his close ties to Democrats and the large role he is playing inside Treasury at the moment. “That was an odd choice,” said one senior Republican close to Treasury.
Now, conservatives are closely tracking who Mnuchin picks for top jobs in domestic finance and tax policy for a sense of where Treasury is headed, policy-wise, in this new era.
Conservatives have applauded a few of Mnuchin recent picks for top Treasury jobs, including David Malpass, a former Bear Stearns economist, for the undersecretary of international affairs and Drew Maloney, Rep. Tom DeLay’s former legislative director, for the assistant secretary for legislative affairs. Among others, Treasury also added Dan Kowalski, Stephen Miller’s deputy on the Trump campaign, as a counselor. 
The complaints about Mnuchin come after conservatives, including some inside the White House, slowed down several of the Treasury secretary’s picks for top jobs requiring Senate confirmation. Those who saw their selections linger for longer than expected include Jim Donovan, a Goldman Sachs banker recently announced as Trump’s pick to serve as Mnuchin’s deputy.
Donovan, a major fund-raiser for Mitt Romney and then Jeb Bush during the 2016 campaign, has had several prominent conservatives vouch for his credentials and resistance to his nomination eventually withered away. He is expected to play a prominent role in helping run the department should he win Senate confirmation.



ARTICLE
After Sen. Ben Sasse questioned why U.S. leaders were not commenting on the suppression of Russian protesters, the State Department criticized Russia's handling of peaceful protesters on Sunday, calling it "an affront to core democratic values." 
"The United States strongly condemns the detention of hundreds of peaceful protesters throughout Russia on Sunday," said Mark Toner, acting spokesman for the State Department. "Detaining peaceful protesters, human rights observers, and journalists is an affront to core democratic values. We were troubled to hear of the arrest of opposition figure Alexei Navalny upon arrival at the demonstration, as well as the police raids on the anti-corruption organization he heads."
Story Continued Below
President Donald Trump and his White House have not commented on the situation, which came amid protests against corruption in the government of Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Toner said the United States will continue to monitor and "call on the government of Russia to immediately release all peaceful protesters." 
"The Russian people, like people everywhere, deserve a government that supports an open marketplace of ideas, transparent and accountable governance, equal treatment under the law, and the ability to exercise their rights without fear of retribution," Toner said.
Sasse, who is a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, released a statement earlier Sunday saying Putin's "thugocracy is on full display" and that U.S. leaders are expected to call out those who "trample the basic human rights."
"The United States government cannot be silent about Russia’s crackdown on peaceful protesters. Free speech is what we’re all about, and Americans expect our leaders to call out thugs who trample the basic human rights of speech, press, assembly, and protest," the Nebraska Republican said in the statement. Sasse opposed Trump during the 2016 elections and has frequently been critical of him.
Opposition rallies against the Russian government took place Sunday in more than 80 towns and cities across Russia. In Moscow, reports indicate more than 650 people have been detained, including Navalny, Putin's most-prominent critic in Russia. The protests spurred from allegations that Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev accepted more than $1 billion in bribes from state banks and wealthy businessmen.
Trump has come under criticism for his kind gestures toward Putin. The FBI also is investigating potential connections between Trump campaign aides and the Russian government, which US intelligence officials suspect tried to interfere in the 2016 elections to help Trump win. 
Nahal Toosi contributed to this article.



ARTICLE
With President Donald Trump’s sweeping agenda hitting the rocks as he edges toward the 100-day mark, top aides, political allies and donors are embroiled in a furious round of finger-pointing over who is at fault.
The recriminations extend far beyond the implosion of the GOP’s Obamacare repeal on Friday. Senior aides are lashing one another over their inability to stem a never-ending tide of negative stories about the president. There is second-guessing of the Republican National Committee’s efforts to mobilize Trump’s electoral coalition on behalf of his legislative priorities. At the Environmental Protection Agency, a top official quit recently amid accusations the department is failing to advance the president’s campaign promises. And one of Trump's most generous benefactors, Rebekah Mercer, has expressed frustration over the direction of the administration.
Story Continued Below
This account of White House infighting is based on interviews with more than two dozen Trump aides, confidants and others close to his administration, all of whom spoke on the condition of anonymity. They described a distracting and toxic atmosphere, with warring power centers blaming one another for an ever-growing list of setbacks. The dysfunction has further paralyzed an administration struggling to deliver on its blunt promises of wholesale change.
The environment, many Trump aides are convinced, has been created by the president himself — a larger-than-life figure famously loath to admit error. As Trump’s health care plan ran into problems, he found ways to divert blame — sometimes turning on his own staff. 
After Gary Cohn, the chief White House economic adviser, went on Fox News Sunday this month to talk about the reform push, the media-obsessed president complained bitterly about the appearance, venting that Cohn failed to clearly sell the merits of the plan, according to three people familiar with the matter. (A White House spokeswoman, Hope Hicks, denied that Trump had expressed unhappiness and said he had been “complimentary of Gary's appearance.”)
For the new White House, nothing has been more frustrating than health care. Repealing and replacing Obamacare was one of Trump’s signature campaign promises. But the discussions surrounding the rocky weeks leading to its collapse generated an outpouring of ill will in the West Wing. Steve Bannon, Trump’s populist-minded chief strategist, privately singled out the more moderate Cohn for criticism, charging that he was too willing to make concessions to mainstream Republicans that repelled the hard-line House Freedom Caucus.
Others say the fault lies with chief of staff Reince Priebus. The former RNC chairman was elevated to his current role because he was seen as a savvy Washington operator whose Capitol Hill relationships, particularly with House Speaker Paul Ryan, would help the newcomer Trump. The health care talks, these people say, reveal the limits of his reach.
Still others pinned blame on Jared Kushner, Trump’s politically moderate son-in-law and senior adviser. As White House staffers struggled to galvanize support for the flagging health care bill, some became convinced that Kushner was working to defeat the repeal effort. Suspicions increased when Kushner invited Obamacare architect Ezekiel Emanuel to address staffers at a meeting on Monday — a gathering that left some staffers rolling their eyes. 
Then, with the legislation teetering, Kushner left town for a two-day ski trip to Aspen.
"It was noticed," one senior administration official said of the Colorado jaunt.
The recriminations, however, were not limited to the health care fiasco. For weeks, many staffers have expressed profound unhappiness with a communications office that has struggled to accomplish what it had set out to do: inoculate a president who is preoccupied with his public image. 
“We've done a disservice because we haven't handled things well,” one White House aide said of the press team’s performance.
Many Trump loyalists criticize former RNC employees now working in the communications office. Among the complaints: that RNC veterans mobilize with force when reporters are working on critical stories about Priebus, the former party chairman, but sometimes lack the same urgency when responding to articles about Trump. 
It has spurred allegations that communications officials, many of whom worked for Priebus at the committee and followed him to the White House, are loyal to the chief of staff above all else.
The ever-present focus on Priebus was on full display during a communications office meeting last month. Press secretary Sean Spicer, a Priebus lieutenant, became so visibly upset over a story about the chief of staff that some were startled by his reaction, according to a person familiar with the matter. (Sarah Huckabee Sanders, the White House spokeswoman, denied that happened and dismissed the notion that the press office had taken extra steps to protect Priebus.)
There are also growing complaints being directed at Trump’s political operation, which senior Republicans had hoped would marshal support for the president’s agenda. The efforts, however, have been described as halting and ill-planned.
Among the objections: that the RNC erred when it declined to give jobs to a trio of Trump loyalists, Michael Biundo, Christie-Lee McNally and Stephanie Milligan, all of whom had applied for jobs in the political department. Instead, the positions were awarded to a group of Republican operatives who had not worked on Trump’s campaign.
The Trump loyalists’ deep knowledge of the president’s political network could have been an asset, some argue. Adding to the hurt feelings, the three did not receive phone calls informing them that they did not get the positions before the hires were publicly announced.
“If you have people that don’t believe in the president, I don’t think they’re going to be that forceful in protecting the White House,” said one former Trump campaign staffer. “There’s nothing there to push through the agenda, to push through the Supreme Court justice, there’s nothing there to help him with.”
RNC officials insist they’ve taken steps to include Trump veterans. The committee recently hired Brad Parscale, who was Trump’s digital director, as an outside consultant. 
The White House office of political affairs is another target of grousing. On March 15, Trump visited Michigan, a traditionally Democratic state that he won, to talk about his efforts to revitalize the automobile industry. Yet the Michigan Republican Party was not made aware that the event would occur until it was publicly announced, hampering its ability to organize and rally Trump boosters to the appearance in Ypsilanti.
Then there’s Trump’s official campaign, which last Monday organized a Trump event in Kentucky. The visit was designed to sell the health care bill and to put pressure on GOP Sen. Rand Paul, who had been an outspoken opponent. Some of Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell’s allies had hoped that McConnell, an outsize figure in Kentucky politics who has a large following in the state, would introduce Trump and make a forceful sell for the legislation.
But in the end, after some back-and-forth between the White House and McConnell's aides, it was decided that McConnell would speak at the event but not introduce the president, instead taking the stage about 15 minutes before Trump. While some McConnell aides said it was all much ado about nothing, others close to the senator were surprised by the decision and thought it was a mistake. 
“What was the purpose of this event?” said one McConnell ally. “If it were me, I would have had him out there.”
"We're two months into the presidency, and it's kind of a cluster," said one state Republican Party official. "It's not that they're bad people. It's just that they don't know what they're doing."
Sniping over Trump’s early troubles is occurring at federal agencies, too.
Revitalizing the beleaguered coal industry and loosening restrictions on emissions was a cornerstone of Trump’s pitch to blue-collar voters. Yet, two months into his presidency, Trump loyalists are accusing EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt of moving too slowly to push the president’s priorities. 
Earlier this month, David Schnare, a Trump appointee who worked on the transition team, abruptly quit. According to two people familiar with the matter, among Schnare’s complaints was that Pruitt had yet to overturn the EPA’s endangerment finding, which empowers the agency to regulate greenhouse gas emissions as a public health threat.
Schnare’s departure was described as stormy and those who’ve spoken with him say his anger at Pruitt runs deep. 
"The backstory to my resignation is extremely complex,” he told E&E News, an energy industry trade publication. “I will be writing about it myself. It is a story not about me, but about a much more interesting set of events involving misuse of federal funds, failure to honor oaths of office and a lack of loyalty to the president." 
Other Trump loyalists at EPA complain they’ve been shut out of meetings with higher-ups and are convinced that Pruitt is pursuing his own agenda instead of the president’s. Some suspect he is trying to position himself for an eventual Senate campaign. (EPA spokespersons did not respond to requests for comment.)
The president’s biggest donors are pointing fingers, too. Mercer, a philanthropist who has bankrolled the “alt-right” movement that formed the underpinnings of Trump’s campaign, had hoped the new White House would adopt an anti-establishment mindset. 
Yet in recent weeks, Mercer, who pushed for Bannon to be chief of staff but was overruled, has complained that too many Beltway Republicans were being hired, said one person who has spoken to her. She partly faults Priebus, saying he has used his position to bring a number of establishment allies into the administration.
The White House is also moving to soothe megadonor Sheldon Adelson. The Las Vegas casino mogul has been pleased with many of Trump’s early moves, including his decision to tap David Friedman as ambassador to Israel. Yet people close to Adelson say he was alarmed by the administration’s decision to retain State Department official Michael Ratney, an appointee of former President Barack Obama who is viewed with suspicion by those in the pro-Israel community. Kushner, who is overseeing Trump’s push for a Middle East peace accord, has discussed the matter with Adelson. 
As the dust cleared over the weekend from the health care failure, Trump aides dismissed talk of a possible staff shakeup. While they described the president as disappointed, they also said he was ready to move on. After all the pushback the bill had gotten, he’d come to realize that it might not be the right piece of legislation after all. 
Yet the blame game is taking a toll on an exhausted White House. At the highest levels of the West Wing, the mood has grown so tense that staffers have begun calling up reporters inquiring whether other senior aides are leaking damaging information about them. 
"The various warring fiefdoms and camps within the White House are constantly changing and are so vast and complicated in their nature,” said one former Trump campaign aide, “that there is no amount of reporting that could accurately describe the subterfuge, animosity and finger-pointing that is currently happening within the ranks of the senior staff." 



ARTICLE
When longtime friends and associates of President Donald Trump want to reach him, they don’t go directly to the White House. Instead, they call the woman who’s been the gatekeeper at Trump Tower for a quarter century: Rhona Graff. 
Since Trump took office in January, Graff has become a conduit for those who want to quietly offer advice, make personnel suggestions or get on the president’s calendar when he’s at his Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida. The list includes investor Ken Langone and Hank Greenberg, the chairman & CEO of CV Starr whose assistant recently went to Graff about trying to set up a lunch with Trump, according to a person with knowledge of the call.
Story Continued Below
POLITICO spoke to seven associates of Trump who still pass on messages to the president through Graff, most of whom requested anonymity so as not to risk their access.
“If I really wanted to whisper something in his ear, I would probably go to Rhona,” said New York grocery billionaire John Catsimatidis, who’s dabbled in New York Republican politics and has known Trump for decades. 
Some of the calls are just a matter of habit for people who have dealt with Graff for decades — but some see her as a way to get around White House chief of staff Reince Priebus and others surrounding Trump in Washington.
Roger Stone, a Republican strategist and long-time confidant of Trump, described Graff as a favored point of contact for “anyone who thinks the system in Washington will block their access.”
“I go through Rhona,” said Stone. “She’s a woman of excellent judgment who reflects her boss’ views. She has to field requests from a lot of people.” 
Trump’s former campaign chair Paul Manafort also stays in touch with the president through Graff, though a person close to Manafort said “it’s so infrequent, it’s not worth the mention.”
“If I wanted to get something to Trump without calling his cell phone, I’d send it to Rhona,” said another confidant who goes through Graff to get to Trump. “Rhona is always going to be around.”
During the campaign, Graff was instrumental in coordinating Trump’s travel and personal schedule. She considered moving to Washington, but decided to remain in New York, where her daughter is in high school. Instead, she passes requests along to Trump’s personal assistant in the White House, Madeleine Westerhout, who was trained by Graff during the transition. 
Graff declined to comment for this story. 
White House spokeswoman Lindsay Walters rejected the idea that Graff continues to play a role in connecting Trump with people outside his administration as “completely false.”
“All correspondence goes through the White House,” Walters said. 
"Rhona is not a go around," Walters also said.
The White House is bound by the requirements of the Federal Records Act, which governs the preservation of all records including schedules and correspondence from the president, the vice president and their staffs in the National Archives. 
“There is a duty of the president to document his service and his activities as president and if you had a private employee who is creating a bunch of records outside of the federal government, then you do create a problem,” said Douglas Cox, a law professor at the City University of New York, who focuses on government records law. But, Cox went on, “there’s a distinction for so-called personal records, anything that’s purely private or non-public and does not relate to carrying out the duties of the president.”
Presidents George H.W. Bush, George Bush and Barack Obama relied on White House staff to handle all their scheduling. “It strikes me as unusual,” said Ryan Streeter, a former assistant to President George W. Bush. “I remember [Bush's] schedule being driven very much internally.” 
Before Trump moved to 1600 Pennsylvania Ave., Graff warned deputy chief of staff Katie Walsh, who now oversees the President’s schedule, that many of Trump’s longtime friends and their assistants would likely contact her to reach him purely out of habit, according to a person with familiar with the conversation. Walsh specifically requested that Graff forward the requests along, this person said.
“She’s still a factor, that’s all I know,” said New York Congressman Peter King, who arranged a meeting with Trump in December through Graff. “She gets things done and she’s very straight. It’s not a diplomatic call.” 
Trump associates nevertheless say they’d rather go through Graff than through official White House channels, because they can be assured that messages will actually get to the President. Trump has even directed some people to go directly to Graff rather than the White House, according to two associates who have received this advice. 
The president has been resisting the isolation of the White House by spending his weeknights making phone calls to old friends — a kitchen cabinet he relies on, to the irritation of some staff, including Priebus. Yet people who have Trump’s cell phone number say they’re wary of abusing that privilege and instead flag their interest in talking by passing on messages through Graff.
“Do you know the number of people who have his cell phone?” said a person who has the president’s number. “It’s a joke.”
Graff’s greatest influence is over Trump’s calendar at Mar-a-Lago, where his schedule is less tightly controlled by Washington staff. The president requests blocks of personal time be left free, which he uses to meet with friends, many of them club members who alert Graff in advance that they’re planning to be in Palm Beach at the same time as the president. 
During Trump's first few trips to Mar-a-Lago, his official schedule was left open for meetings coordinated by Graff, according to a person with knowledge of his schedule. 
White House spokeswoman Walters responded: “I would question your characterization of the President’s schedule, as he keeps a full schedule - always working for the American people.”
Like Trump, Graff, 64, is a native New Yorker from Queens. She holds a master’s degree in education and psychology from Queens College and ran a sports marketing company before starting with the Trump Organization nearly 30 years ago, working for Trump’s previous assistant, Norma Foerderer. 
Now a senior vice president at the Trump Organization, Graff is a central figure in Trump’s world. She’s occasionally spoken on the record as a representative of the company, acting as a publicist thanks to her longstanding relationships with reporters. 
She appeared on some episodes of “The Apprentice,” acquiring enough name recognition that people would know to call Trump Tower looking for her. In a 2004 interview after the show took off, she said that sometimes Trump would give people a code to use with her, so that she would know he’d already talked to them. “There’s a little code name, that I know that it's okay to set this meeting up or to go further,” she told Real Estate Weekly. “It helps, it definitely helps.”
While the president has removed himself from the day-to-day operations of the Trump Organization, he’s also remained in contact with his longtime lawyer Michael Cohen, who continues to represent Trump in a personal capacity. 
Friends said it would be unrealistic to imagine Trump cutting himself off from people like Graff who have been integral to his daily life for so long – or to give up control over his independent channels to the world beyond the White House bubble. “He’s always been an amazingly accessible person,” said Roger Stone.



ARTICLE
While President Donald Trump’s first major legislative push hurtled toward a major defeat, one of his top advisers, his son-in-law Jared Kushner, was photographed with his wife, Ivanka Trump, on a ski gondola in Aspen.
Kushner may not have been the lead White House negotiator on the doomed healthcare bill. But the image of Trump’s top consigliere hitting the slopes at perhaps the most critical moment of his young presidency sent a message loud and clear: The White House wanted a win, but health care was not the dominant priority for Trump that it was for the Republican members of Congress who actually had to take a vote.
Story Continued Below
"Their heart was not in the healthcare battle,” said a top Republican who was in meetings with the president and his team but declined to be identified because those conversations were supposed to be private. “Think about the level of intensity on the executive orders for the travel ban, or on the wiretapping claims. He certainly checked the boxes on healthcare, to his credit. But it's self-evident there was not a certain level of intensity devoted to this."
White House officials have insisted that Trump understood that a legislative victory was crucial at this stage of his administration -- he is struggling to boost a 42.2 percent approval rating according to FiveThirtyEight.com, the lowest of his presidency so far -- and that he was lending the full force of his office to the cause.
"The president and vice president left everything on the field," press secretary Sean Spicer wrote in an email on Saturday. "They were making calls and having members to the White House all week. In total, we spoke or met with over 120 members of Congress." And Kushner, other White House officials insisted, was never deeply involved in health care to begin with.
But according to Republican Hill staffers, in the weeks leading up to the doomed vote, Trump’s mind seemed to be elsewhere.
The president made it clear at rallies over the past few weeks that healthcare was just something he needed to get through, in order to move on to the next thing. "We want a very big tax cut, but cannot do that until we keep our promise to repeal and replace the disaster known as 'Obamacare,'" he told an adoring crowd at a rally in Louisville last week.
The president also has been distracted in recent weeks by other issues, like questions about possible collusion between Russia and his campaign, and the evidence-free accusation that President Barack Obama had wiretapped Trump Tower during the 2016 election.
The top Republican said that in one healthcare meeting with the president and his top aides in the Oval Office, it was a challenge to keep Trump focused on the health care vote. "Halfway through that meeting, he stopped to talk about Gorsuch,” the source said. “His mind was bouncing around. I never felt they were dialed into this."
Trump gamely climbed to the Hill this week, making a last-minute, full-throttle push for the bill in the final hours -- even devoting his news-driving Twitter feed, uncharacteristically, to the health care fight.
But on the Hill, the president’s effort was viewed by Republican operatives as a case of too little, too late. The impression Trump left there, according to multiple sources who did not want to criticize the president on the record, was that Trump didn’t know that much -- or care that much -- about healthcare policy That made it hard for him to go tit for tat with members of the Freedom Caucus and get into the weeds on details of the bill. “There were other distractions they were dealing with,” said one top Republican staffer on the Hill.
And after just 64 days in office, the short-attention span president told the New York Times on Friday he was just happy to finally to move on. “It’s enough already,” he said of the healthcare talks.
Republicans trying to understand what went wrong on Saturday also pointed to the fact that the two lead negotiators on Trump’s team, Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney, were slowed down by delayed confirmations. Price was only confirmed on Feb. 10, and Mulvaney was confirmed a week later, which prevented them from being totally devoted to the health care cause.
The approach of Trump, who sold himself on the campaign trail as a master negotiator who promised that repealing and replacing Obamacare would be “so easy,” stands in stark contrast to how his predecessor worked to get the Affordable Care Act passed seven years ago. Former aides to Obama said he devoted the better part of a year working on his healthcare bill, with staffers devoted full-time to its passage.
“Obama's commitment to health reform was passionate and unstinting,” said his former top political adviser David Axelrod. “He was moved by people he had met who were working hard and needed care. He had seen his own mother dealing with cancer and grappling with insurance in her final months.”
Trump’s predecessor in the Oval Office was “steeped in the details of the law and what needed to be done to pass it,” Axelrod added. “There were many times along the way that it appeared as if all paths were blocked and the bill would fail, and he simply would not let it die.”
Trump defenders pushed back on the notion that the replacement bill failed because the White House didn’t care enough. “The problem with the bill was the bill,” former House Speaker Newt Gingrich said in an interview on Saturday. He also shrugged off Kushner’s ill-timed vacation, and the optics problem of the president’s top adviser, who reportedly thought supporting the bill was a mistake, hitting the slopes.
“This is going to be a long eight years, people need to pace themselves,” Gingrich said. “This was not a crisis. This was a very important project, which Jared probably thought was under control when he left. The loss of confidence is only three or four days old.”
For his part, the president put on a happy face in public and appeared unfazed. On Friday, answering questions from reporters gathered in the Oval Office, he spun the stunning defeat as a victory. "Perhaps the best thing that could happen is what happened today," Trump said. "It will go very smoothly."
On Saturday, he wrote on Twitter: “ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE. Do not worry!” before heading to the links at the Trump National Golf Club in Virginia.



ARTICLE
Judge Andrew Napolitano may be temporarily sidelined at Fox News, but he’s been telling friends and associates that he could be in for a big promotion — to the Supreme Court.
After meeting with President Trump twice during the transition, first in December and again in mid-January, the Newark, N.J.-born television personality told several people that Trump said he was on the list of judges from whom he was selecting a nominee for the high court. 
Story Continued Below
“He said, ‘Trump said I’m on the list,’” said a source who spoke with Napolitano shortly after one of his meetings with the then president-elect. “He’s been saying that since the transition.”
Friends warned Napolitano not to take the president too literally – or seriously. “He'll take your call and invite you to the Oval Office, but he just wants you to say nice things about him on TV,” the source says he told Napolitano at the time. But that didn’t sink the ambitious judge’s hopes.
Trump released a list of potential replacements for the late Justice Antonin Scalia before the election, vowing to select Scalia’s replacement from that list — and followed through, tapping Tenth Circuit judge Neil Gorsuch for the nomination in January. Napolitano’s name did not appear on any public list.
But the salt-and-pepper-haired Napolitano, 66, who served as a New Jersey Superior Court judge until 1995 and joined Fox News in 1998, was a sleeper candidate, he told his skeptical friends. He claims he’s submitted both academic and personal resumes to Trump aides, and that they’ve pored over the judge’s writings, including several popular non-fiction books.
People familiar with the president’s thinking dismissed the idea that Napolitano is being considered for a Supreme Court nomination. “The president already has a list of highly qualified contenders for future SCOTUS openings, and Judge Napolitano is not on it,” said a person close to the White House.
Since the Gorsuch nomination, Napolitano has continued to maintain that he is in the running for a seat, telling a colleague that Trump promised him the next Supreme Court seat “if I get another one.”
Neither Napolitano nor Fox News responded to requests for comment. White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders declined to comment, saying it was a personnel matter.
In his transition meetings with the president-elect at Trump Tower, the longtime Fox News personality said he discussed the Supreme Court vacancy. “He was interested in a broad range of ideas and attitudes about the type of person who would best fill Justice Scalia’s seat,”
Napolitano told Fox Business’ Stuart Varney in an on-air readout of their conversation. At their second meeting, which he described as “awesome, to say the least,” Napolitano told Varney that he and the president-elect discussed “judicial attitudes, judicial temperament, ideology, and candidates for the court.”
Napolitano sparked controversy last week on Fox News’s morning show, Fox & Friends, when he alleged – citing three anonymous sources – that the top British spy agency had wiretapped Trump on behalf of President Barack Obama during the 2016 presidential campaign.
Trump turned the reporting into an international incident when he stood by the disputed wiretap claim at a joint White House press conference with German chancellor Angela Merkel, citing Napolitano’s reporting.
“That was a statement made by a very talented lawyer on Fox,” the president said when pressed for proof of his claim. “And so you shouldn’t be talking to me. You should be talking to Fox.”
Fox News disavowed the statement, suspending him from the air indefinitely even as the White House seized on the claim. Press secretary Sean Spicer used it to bolster Trump’s assertion that Obama wiretapped him during the campaign, and President Trump himself weighed in last Friday, calling Napolitano “a very talented legal mind.”
It’s not the first time Napolitano has stirred up controversy. He is a well-known conspiracy theorist, and a vocal proponent of the view that the U.S. government is hiding something about the 9/11 terrorist attacks. “I think 20 years from now, people will look at 9/11 the way we look at the assassination of JFK today,” he told radio host and conspiracy theorist Alex Jones in 2010. “It couldn’t possibly have been done the way the government told us.”



ARTICLE
The painful public collapse Friday of Paul Ryan's biggest endeavor as House speaker — legislation to unwind the Democratic health care law he and his party spent years castigating as a disaster — dealt a serious blow to the Wisconsin Republican.
But as embarrassing a setback as this was — Obamacare is here to stay "for the foreseeable future," Ryan conceded — he isn't going anywhere. 
Story Continued Below
No one is prepared to challenge Ryan for his job, said GOP lawmakers from across the Republican Conference. While some right-wing media and outside groups are agitating to replace the speaker, and his antagonists on the White House staff needle him anonymously in the press, there is no way he will be ousted.
President Donald Trump hasn't turned on him, either — at least not yet. And Ryan remains popular with his rank-and-file members, who genuinely like him. Critically, Ryan is not a liability for them back home, the ultimate litmus test for any congressional leader.
Yet the debacle over the American Health Care Act showed how the promise of Ryan as speaker has failed to live up to the reality. 
When he took over for former Speaker John Boehner in November 2015 following an uprising by conservatives, Ryan was seen as the one figure who could heal the divisions within the GOP Conference, especially with the hard-line Freedom Caucus. That hasn't happened, to put it mildly. 
Ryan is still struggling with the same stubborn political dynamic that torpedoed Boehner's career. On big issues, if Ryan gives into the Freedom Caucus, he alienates more moderate members of his party and loses any ability to work with Democrats. If he tries to cut a deal with Democrats and his own moderates, the Freedom Caucus goes ballistic, attacking him in tandem with its allies in right-wing media and conservative outside groups. 
It's a lose-lose proposition.
Having a Republican in the White House was supposed to finally tame the group. It was easy to blow up deals Republicans were attempting to cut with Barack Obama; Donald Trump, the thinking went, would never tolerate it. The health-care debate showed how wrong that was.
So Ryan remains stuck in the same intra-party dysfunction.
"He's a really nice guy, a really smart guy," said a veteran GOP lawmaker who asked not to be named. But "he can't seal the deal, which is a real problem." 
Even with Trump, the "ultimate closer," in the White House.
Things won't get any easier for Ryan. He will now have to find a way to deliver on Trump's border wall, which Democrats have vowed to block. The possibility of a government shutdown looms in late April and again in October unless Republicans can figure out how to keep funding going. The debt ceiling has to be increased this summer, always a tough vote for GOP lawmakers. An expensive infrastructure package that conservatives hate will require Democratic buy-in.
That's to say nothing of the next daunting item on the GOP to-do list, tax reform — arguably tougher to pull off than health-care legislation.
Ryan put his personal prestige on the line to pass his health care legislation, publicly and privately exhorting his colleagues to support it. Ryan became the face of the legislation, figuring he could sell it better than anyone else. In the end, enough of his own members rejected the proposal to bring it down.
After being forced to pull the bill, Ryan deployed many of the same lines he's been using for months to explain away failures or setbacks. Republicans are suffering the "growing pains" of going from being the opposition party to the majority, he said. "Doing big things is hard," the speaker said, adding that Republicans want "to improve people's lives, and we will."
Yet there was also a somber tone. Ryan didn't try to hide from blame, and he warned his own GOP colleagues that they better find a way to compromise.
"I will not sugarcoat it, this was a disappointing day for us ... This is a setback, no two ways about it," Ryan told reporters after pulling the bill from the floor in the face of certain defeat. "All of us, myself included, will need time to reflect on how we got to this moment, what we could have done to do better."
Ryan added: "But ultimately, this all kind of comes down to a choice. Are all of us willing to give a little to get something done? Are we willing to say yes to the good, to the very good, even if it's not the perfect? Because if we're willing to do that, there remains an incredible opportunity in front of us."
Ryan said he didn't "want to cast blame" for who lost health care, but he then went on to blame the Freedom Caucus — which he called "their team" — for bringing down his bill.
"There is a block of 'no' votes that we had, that is why this didn't pass," Ryan said. "Some of the members of that caucus were voting with us but not enough were. I met with their chairman earlier today, and he made it clear to me that the votes weren't going to be there from their team. That was sufficient to have this bill not pass."
Trump, for his part, praised Ryan despite the failure to pass the health care bill, which leaves Obamacare in place as the law of the land.
"I like Speaker Ryan. He worked very hard," Trump told reporters in the White House after the bill was pulled. "I'm not going to speak badly about anybody within the Republican Party. Certainly there's a history, but I really think Paul worked hard."
Freedom Caucus members said they don't blame Ryan for the failure, at least not publicly.
“Paul Ryan, he’ a very good man. He’s an eloquent speaker. He is an excellent representative of the GOP Conference as a whole," said Rep. Mo Brooks (R-Ala.). "I like the job he’s doing and I want him to stay as speaker of the House. And I ‘ve heard nothing to the contrary."
Other rank-and-file members were equally supportive as they left town to lick their wounds.
"If you know of someone who cares more, works harder, who’s brighter, who’s more committed to lead this institution, give me their name," said Rep. Rob Woodall (R-Ala.), a Ryan loyalist. "We go through leaders like we’re changing shirts. I don’t think it reflects on the leadership, I think it reflects on us.” 
Yet Ryan faces the prospect for the rest of this Congress — unless he moves decisively to the middle — that members may need to get signoff from the Freedom Caucus and its chairman, Rep. Mark Meadows (R-N.C.), before they move major legislation. Or at least to know that the Freedom Caucus won't try to kill their bill. It's a dynamic that will be a huge challenge for Ryan as he tries to get past the Obamacare reversal.
Both Ryan and Trump emphasized they want to move quickly on to tax reform, although the failure to replace Obamacare leaves them with $1 trillion less to use for that fight, as there will be less room to cut taxes without ballooning the deficit.
"Yes, this does make tax reform more difficult, but it does not in any way make it impossible," Ryan acknowledged.
But Ryan, a former chairman of the Ways and Means Committe, said it will be easier to get Republicans to agree on taxes than on health care. "I don't think this is prologue for other future things because there are other parts of our agenda that people have even more agreement on what to achieve."
Kyle Cheney contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
Congress choked. Obamacare lives.
House Republicans are at an unfamiliar crossroads after their seven-year effort to repeal the law collapsed. The direction they and the Trump administration choose will determine whether Obamacare survives, or faces new threats as political opposition continues to simmer and flaws recognized even by its supporters go unaddressed.
Story Continued Below
Bruised and divided by the repeal push, Republican leaders are expressing little enthusiasm for plotting what, if anything, might come next. “We're going to move on with the rest of our agenda because we have big, ambitious plans to improve people's lives in this country,” House Speaker Paul Ryan said Friday after pulling the bill before it went down to a humiliating defeat.
Here's what the future could hold for a law that just won't die after more than 60 Republican repeal votes, four national elections and multiple Supreme Court battles.
Trump: Let it implode 
President Donald Trump has often said he’d be perfectly happy to let the law implode — and blame the Democrats. 
“The best thing we can do politically speaking is let Obamacare explode — and it's exploding right now,” Trump said Friday. “It’s imploding and soon it will explode.”
Republicans could take several steps to hasten, if not force, such an explosion. They won a lawsuit last May seeking to stop the law’s cost-sharing subsidies that help low-income enrollees pay their out-of-pocket costs. Those payments were allowed to continue pending an appeal. They could decide now to end those payments, which would likely prompt insurers to flee the individual insurance market.
And even if the unpopular mandate requiring most Americans to have insurance remains as a matter of law, the administration could stop enforcing it. The individual mandate is a pillar that keeps the insurance markets stable – weakening it could provoke a crisis that forces Congress to respond with a drastic health care overhaul.
But those would be risky, high-stakes plays. While Trump has expressed confidence Democrats will bear the blame for a collapsed health care system, Republicans could get caught in the backlash if they take explicit steps to bring down Obamacare. 
Claim ownership and fix it
House Speaker Paul Ryan told lawmakers they had one shot at repealing Obamacare. When that foundered, he acknowledged, “We’re going to be living with Obamacare for the foreseeable future.”
For some in the House, that means the mission is over.
“We tried. We tried our hardest. There were people who were not interested in solving the problem,” said House Energy and Commerce health subcommittee Chairman Michael Burgess, who is also a physician. “We’re done with this.”
But now that it’s on the GOP’s watch — and voters may hold them accountable for its problems — Republicans could decide grudgingly to work to shore up the individual insurance market that even Obamacare supporters acknowledge need fixes. The first urgent task would be for the White House and Republicans to resolve the question of funding the cost-sharing subsidies that insurers offer low-income Americans. 
They’d also have to take a new look at how and whether they can lure companies back into a market they’ve said for months is on the brink of collapse. 
The administration has already taken small steps to do that, including shortening the sign-up period and cracking down on enrollees who miss their payments. But insurers may need greater assurances that the administration is committed to keeping the system intact and willing to explore new ways to attract younger and healthier people to offset the costs of the older, more expensive individuals who account for the biggest share of enrollees.
Adopt Obamacare — but paint it red
Republicans have a lot of ideas for how the health care system should look. They could use regulatory authority to develop some of them even if Obamacare remains on the books.
Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price has pledged to unwind many regulations and give states more freedom. He and CMS administrator Seema Verma have already signaled plans to rewrite coverage rules and allow states to impose work requirements on low-income Americans covered under Obamacare’s Medicaid expansion, for instance.
They could also relax the rules of the road for insurers that sell plans through HealthCare.gov. One option would be to loosen oversight of the package of benefits the ACA requires. Republicans say not everyone wants to have to buy all those health services, which drive up premium prices. 
Whether Price will move ahead with such aggressive actions after the stunning rebuke on Capitol Hill is unclear. That failure came about in part because some Republicans were worried about people losing their health care. So Price won't have a repeal-hungry Congress to back him up.
The department could also easily throw out rules requiring plans to offer contraceptive coverage at no additional cost to consumers. That won’t topple Obamacare but it would be a big change politically.
If at first you don’t succeed…
Some Republicans promised on Friday they would keep trying to repeal Obamacare, reiterating warnings about the law’s imminent collapse that they’ve used in the past.
“If you buy a car and it’s a lemon and now you own it and try to fix it, it won’t be fixed,” said Rep. Tim Murphy (R-Pa.), a moderate who threw his support behind the bill after winning $15 billion in funding for services like mental health care and maternity coverage. “The blame goes to the one who made the car.”
It’s too soon for any clear road map, but conservatives eager for a simple repeal of Obamacare could eye a measure like the one House Republicans passed in 2015. Once that goal is fulfilled, they say, they can start in on a separate replacement measure.
“Sometimes you’ve got to take a couple shots at something to get it,” said Rep. Scott Perry (R-Pa.), a member of the Freedom Caucus, before Ryan pulled the bill. “I’m confident that what I’m going to do is do everything I can to repeal and replace the ACA.”
Work with Democrats — and push choices to the states
Given the mood on Capitol Hill right now, it’s hard to see any opening for bipartisanship. But Trump himself told the Washington Post Friday afternoon that he wanted to work with Democrats – right after he ranted about Obamacare’s implosion. 
"When it explodes they [Dems] come to us and we make one beautiful deal,” he said. 
Democrats have always said they’re willing to work with Republicans on heath reforms and fixes – as long as they don’t resemble anything close to the end of Obamacare.
Lawmakers may also look for ways to shift more of the responsibility — and choices — to the states. 
Sens. Bill Cassidy (R-La.) and Susan Collins (R-Maine) have a middle-of-the-road plan that would let states opt to keep Obamacare if they like it, or move to a brand new system. It didn’t get any traction when House Republicans were full bore on repeal — but the moment could come, in the future, for a second look.



ARTICLE
White House press secretary Sean Spicer expressed optimism Friday that President Donald Trump would still be able to enact his "ambitious plan" for the country going forward, despite Republicans failing to deliver on their long-promised bid to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act just hours prior. 
Spicer said that although he and the president were "disappointed" by the outcome of the canceled congressional vote on the American Health Care Act, the administration was moving ahead with plans to reform the tax system.
Story Continued Below
"He has a desire to do fundamental tax reform, something we haven't seen since 1986," Spicer told Fox News' Martha MacCallum. "The agenda moves on. "
The White House press secretary also echoed Trump's public response to the legislative loss earlier Friday, saying that he felt the topic of health care would be broached again once former President Barack Obama's signature health care law "collapsed."
"Democrats will crawl back once the system fails on its own," he said. "The people that stood with Nancy Pelosi today understand the system is going down and the higher costs are on their shoulders, not ours."
Spicer also continued to publicly support House Speaker Paul Ryan's handling of the vote. 
"The president knows how hard Paul Ryan worked to get this going forward," he said. 



ARTICLE
Donald Trump crowed for months he would strike a "terrific" deal on health care. His ambitions ended in a brief phone call Friday afternoon, in which Speaker Paul Ryan told him the truth: He was nowhere close. 
The businessman president, who sold himself to tens of millions of disillusioned voters last year as the only outsider who could tame a broken capital, ended his first confrontation with lawmakers overmatched, outmaneuvered and ultimately empty-handed.
Story Continued Below
“We learned a lot about some very arcane rules,” Trump said in the Oval Office soon after the defeat of his effort to undo President Obama’s health care law.
It was actually the most basic fact of Congress that set Trump back: the majority rules. And despite a 22-seat margin for error in the House, Trump had proved unable to corral support for a plan to repeal the law, one of Trump’s key campaign pledges.
His failure to advance legislation through a single chamber of Congress controlled by members of his own party — despite it being a cornerstone of the Republican agenda for more than half-decade — casts doubt both on Trump’s much-bragged-about dealmaking skills and the GOP’s path forward.
“It's a black eye for the speaker and the president,” said Scott Reed, the top strategist of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, which supported the measure.
The setback, described in interviews with multiple senior administration and congressional officials, was especially humiliating because Trump was sunk not by Democrats but by his inability to ride herd over the same rebellious element of the Republican conference that previously bucked Speaker Paul Ryan’s predecessor John Boehner out of his job. Most House Republicans have never served in the majority under a Republican president and it’s unclear how in the future they will cobble together a governing coalition.
“The Republican Party is still operating as an opposition party,” said Josh Holmes, a former chief of staff to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, who added, “If they can't break the fever…it says an enormous amount about the prospects of tax reform, infrastructure and some sort of immigration proposal.”
Trump himself seemed almost relieved to move on from the health care fight, even as other White House officials were fretting about the long-term implications of what one senior White House official called a "clear embarrassment for us."
The president himself wasn’t nearly as upset about the health care defeat as he was about the size of his inauguration crowds, Attorney General Jeff Sessions’ decision to recuse himself from the investigation into Russia’s meddling in the 2016 election or the repeated legal setbacks on his travel-ban executive order, which has been blocked by multiple courts. “No bullshit, I think he's actually pretty comfortable with the outcome. He wants to move ahead and do taxes,” another senior White House official said.
But tax reform — which no president or Congress has been able to tackle successfully for more than three decades — is no easy task, especially as Republicans had banked on deficit-cutting from any health package to give them a financial cushion in that endeavor. “Yes,” Ryan conceded Friday, “this does make tax reform more difficult.”
For weeks Trump had seemed disinterested and disengaged from the specifics of the health care fight, both behind closed doors with his aides and at public rallies. Trump “just wanted to get something he could sign,” said one adviser who talks to him frequently. “He was over it.” He would often interrupt conversations on the law to talk about other issues, advisers and aides said.
In one phone call with Ryan earlier this month, Trump told the House speaker that he had a problem with the bill. It wasn’t over Medicaid expansion, maternity coverage, deductibles or insurance premiums. Rather, it was that he didn’t like the word “buckets”—which Ryan had been using to describe the parts of their plan.
“I don't like that word buckets. You throw trash in buckets. I don't like that word,” Trump said, according to two people familiar with the call. Trump preferred “phases.” Ryan agreed and adopted the term.
It was the kind of messaging detail Trump focused on during the campaign, when he described his plan as “repeal and replace — with something terrific.” But by February, Trump confided to a group of the nation’s governors visiting Washington D.C. that undoing Obamacare would be more involved. “Nobody knew healthcare could be so complicated,” he said.
In the closing days of negotiations, Trump found himself stuck in the middle of an ideological tug-of-war between the two factions at the extremes of a deeply fissured House Republican conference — with every concession offered to the hardline House Freedom Caucus driving away votes from the moderate Tuesday Group, and vice versa.
The arguments for the legislation from the White House were political. “This is your chance,” press secretary Sean Spicer urged lawmakers on Friday hours before the bill died. The arguments against it were based in policy, where Trump was less comfortable.
When Trump trekked to Capitol Hill to make his case in person on Tuesday, lawmakers were mostly nonplussed. “Not a whole lot about health care, except to vote for it,” Rep. Walter Jones, R-N.C., said afterward. He remained opposed.
Other lawmakers said Trump wasn’t at all conversant in the specifics and mainly wanted to talk about his popularity in their districts – or how voting against the proposed bill could hurt them politically. But the proposed law ended up polling below 20 percent – and the president's approval rating dropped below 40 percent. 
Short the votes, Trump trotted out one of his favorite deal-making tactics late Thursday to seal the deal: the ultimatum. All House Republicans were told by Trump’s top lieutenants that the bill was take-it-or-leave-it proposition, and their only chance to get rid of Obamacare.
In the days and hours leading up to a vote that looked bleak, the White House did little to tamp down expectations. “He is the closer,” Spicer labeled Trump.
Trump pushed hard for a floor vote up until the final minute. Senior administration officials maintained deep into Friday afternoon that they wanted the roll call "to make them vote against the president on live TV,” in the words of a third senior White House official.
“We are voting,” this person said, 45 minutes before it was called off. 
It was straight out of Trump’s The Art of the Deal playbook, where he wrote simultaneously about boldness and maintaining a willingness to retreat. “I never get too attached to one deal or one approach,” Trump wrote. “For starters, I keep a lot of balls in the air because most deals fall out.”
That might work in the real estate business, where there’s always another property to develop, or another contractor to hire. But it backfired in Congress, where time and political capital are not unlimited, where the last deal impacts the next and where there is no alternative set of lawmakers to whom Trump can pitch his next demands.
The setback could also shake up the internal dynamics of a White House, where infighting among rival factions has become the norm. Some pointedly noted that Trump’s son-in-law and senior adviser, Jared Kushner, spent the run-up to the vote in Aspen. Some pinned blame on chief of staff Reince Priebus, who is close to Ryan and had been expected to help Trump navigate the complexities of Capitol Hill. Others faulted chief strategist Steve Bannon for failing to mobilize his former company, Breitbart News, on behalf of the bill, or to corral hardliners on the Hill.
Indeed, the blame game began even before the vote was called off. “This is 100 percent a Ryan failure,” said the third White House official. While Trump wasn’t upset with Ryan, multiple senior officials said, a number of his advisers and aides were trashing the speaker before the vote – and Ryan told others he expected to get the brunt of the blame. 
By midday Friday, the health care bill was hemorrhaging support, as the powerful chairman of the House Appropriations Committee came out against the bill. Ryan came to the White House to brief Trump on the bleak outlook.
But even as Trump and his top advisers wanted to forge ahead, they were showing sign of worry. Spicer no longer embraced the term “the closer.” GOP leadership pushed to drop what was now seen as a kamikaze mission. And a little after 3 p.m., Trump talked to Ryan again — the two had a 45-minute conversation late Thursday night about the law.
“He talked to Paul Ryan for a few minutes, who said he was at least 10 and 15 votes short,” one of the senior White House officials said. Ryan said he planned to pull the vote unless Trump objected, and Trump said he was OK with that.
Ryan explained soon after what it meant to a national television audience: “We’re going to be living with Obamacare for the foreseeable future.”
Trump got off the phone, scribbled down some notes and dialed up reporters to give his side before the full White House staff was even briefed. The president was most focused on the news coverage and how it reflected on him, as he had been throughout, telling advisers how much the criticism of the law on TV bothered him.
In the Capitol basement after the vote was cancelled, Republican lawmakers were gathered to hear what came next. The Rolling Stones refrain Trump often played at his rallies was playing in the background: “You can’t always get what you want.”
Tara Palmeri and Jake Sherman contributed reporting.



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson praised Habitat for Humanity just a week after President Donald Trump said he wanted to abolish funding that supports the group.
At the invitation of Republican donors, Carson Friday toured a Habitat site in Pompano Beach, Fla., that by this time next year will need HUD money to deliver its 77 affordable homes to lower- and middle-income buyers.
Story Continued Below
“I identify so strongly with the mission of Habitat for Humanity, which is seeking to put God’s love into action,” Carson said during remarks to the group. “It dovetails so well with my concept of what the Department of Housing and Urban Development should be doing, and that is not just putting a roof over people’s heads but building communities and developing human capital.”
Carson endorsed public-private housing partnerships and held up Habitat as an example.
“This project here is one of the things that work,” he said. “The government can’t do everything, but the government can get things started.”
Carson’s visit was arranged by Rick and Rita Case, Republican donors who helped finance the Habitat project. Rita Case gave $2,700 to Trump’s campaign and $12,300 to the Republican National Committee last year, according to data from the Center for Responsive Politics.
The Cases could not immediately be reached for comment.
Habitat, a global nonprofit, builds and rehabilitates homes, which it then sells. It requires buyers to invest sweat equity in the property by helping with construction. Prices and monthly mortgage payments are set according to each buyer’s income.
The group’s projects typically get funding through HUD’s Community Development Block Grant program, the HOME Investment Partnerships Program, the Self-help Homeownership Opportunity Program, or SHOP, and a program known as Section 4.
All were eliminated in Trump’s budget outline.
“There’s going to be some rearranging of the way the budget is done,” Carson told POLITICO the night before the speech. 
“I don’t think anybody is going to be displaced,” he said. “We’re going to find excellent and efficient ways to get things done. And to get people out of poverty.”
The Pompano Beach development will begin delivering homes by this time next year, when it will need help from the SHOP program for first-time buyers, said Nancy Robin, chief executive officer of Habitat in Broward County. 
The gap between wages and home prices in Broward is among the worst in the country and affordable homes are in such short supply that the county is giving away land to build low-cost housing.
“Broward County is in crisis,” Robin said. “We have a great divide. We have very, very wealthy people in this community but it really is a service-based economy.”
Habitat estimates that its independent local affiliates receive more than $200 million a year in HOME, SHOP and CDBG. It also has leveraged $92 million in Section 4 grants into $162 million in private investment.
Carson asked questions about Habitat but didn’t talk about funding, said Jonathan Reckford, chief executive officer for Habitat for Humanity International. 
“He clearly talked about the need to leverage the public dollars with private dollars,” Reckford said. “He certainly didn’t give any policy prescriptions. He said he’s looking for successful examples.”
Friday’s visit was the second stop on the secretary’s listening tour, which he launched last week In Detroit. 
What's next: Carson continues his listening tour in Dallas next week.
Darren Samuelsohn contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
Republicans’ spectacular failure to repeal and replace Obamacare threatens to sabotage another cornerstone of their agenda, tax reform — because of simple math.
The GOP was counting on wiping out nearly $1 trillion in Obamacare taxes to help finance the sweeping tax cuts they’ve got planned for their next legislative act. And now it’s unclear where all that money will come from.
Story Continued Below
“This does make tax reform more difficult, but it does not in any way make it impossible,” House Speaker Paul Ryan said at a news conference on Friday. “We will proceed with tax reform.”
While Obamacare taxes will remain, he said, “We’re going to fix the rest of the tax code.”
But losing the revenue from Obamacare repeal is fueling speculation that Republicans will settle for just tax cuts rather than sweeping reform.
President Donald Trump on Friday seemed to lament not taking up tax reform first.
"Right now we'll be going for tax reform, which we could have done earlier, but this really would have worked out better if we could have had some Democrats' support. Remember this, we had no Democrats' support. So now we'll go for tax reform, which I have always liked," he said.
But now Republicans will have to look elsewhere for money to meet their top targets: bringing the corporate tax rate down to 20 percent from 35 percent, cutting the top individual tax rate to 33 percent from 39.6 percent, and generous new writeoffs for business investments.
“We’re going to analyze the complete impacts here. But clearly it makes a big challenge even more challenging," said House Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady (R-Texas).
Even if the Republican health care plan had succeeded, tax reform wasn't going to be easy. The House, Senate and businesses are already clashing over key elements of a House GOP plan, notably a provision known as "border adjustability" that would tax imports but not exports.
Ultimately the issue centers on House Republicans’ desire to pass a tax overhaul that would raise the same amount of money as the current tax code. Eliminating taxes tied to the Affordable Care Act would have made reform cheaper by pulling down the budget baseline of how much money was expected to come in to the federal government. 
About $43 trillion in revenue is expected from the 2018 federal fiscal year through fiscal 2027, according to projections from the CBO, a sum that includes money raised by ACA taxes.
“That is a huge issue,” a corporate tax adviser and ex-House staffer said on condition of anonymity to protect client sensitivities.
But Republicans may have to trim their sails. Rather than dramatically rewriting the tax code, they might fall back on their bedrock policy of tax cuts, perhaps with a smattering of policy changes and money raisers to offset some of the cost.
Earlier this week, analysts at Goldman Sachs put the odds of a tax cut at 80 percent, even if the Obamacare replacement plans collapsed. 
But Brady said Republicans wouldn't settle for just tax cuts.
“Tax rates alone will not make America competitive. We know China, Germany, Canada, Mexico are not just beating us on low rates, they’re beating us by not taxing worldwide, they’re beating us with border adjustability,” he said.
Lawmakers closely aligned with the president are worried about the broader political consequences of failure to repeal the 2010 health law.
“If this goes down, we don’t get tax reform, we don’t get infrastructure,” said Chris Collins (R-N.Y.), the first lawmaker to back Trump’s campaign. “We may lose the Senate. We may lose the House.”
Meanwhile, the Ways and Means Committee is ready to get to work.
“Tuesday morning is our first tax reform meeting,” said committee member Kenny Marchant (R-Texas). 
Colin Wilhelm and Brian Faler contributed to this story.



ARTICLE
One aspect of the GOP health care bill seemed settled even before House Speaker Paul Ryan pulled the plug Friday: public opinion.
Polls conducted since House Republicans released the first draft of legislation three weeks ago show little public support for the bill, the surest sign that Americans were not yet on board with the GOP plan. In the most recent survey, a Quinnipiac University poll released Thursday, only 17 percent of registered voters approved of the legislation — far fewer than the 56 percent who disapproved. 
Story Continued Below
By almost every measure — overall enthusiasm for the bill, confidence that it will improve the health care system or decrease costs, support for many individual elements of the legislation — the GOP health care plan fell short among voters even before it was yanked from the House floor on Friday.
Opponents of the bill were far more wholehearted than its supporters, according to all the available public polling. In the Quinnipiac poll, 43 percent of voters strongly disapproved of the bill. By comparison, only 6 percent strongly approved of it.
 It was even more striking among independent voters: 45 percent of them disapproved of the bill strongly, while only 3 percent strongly approved.
Thursday’s Quinnipiac poll also showed overwhelming opposition to two elements of the bill: cuts to Medicaid funding (74 percent oppose) and zeroing out funding for Planned Parenthood (61 percent). Sixty-one percent of voters believed the bill, if enacted, would lead to fewer Americans with health insurance, and only 12 percent thought the plan would have a positive impact on their own health care.
Few Americans expected the GOP plan to improve the health care system. This week’s POLITICO/Morning Consult poll found more voters thought the bill would make the health care system worse (36 percent) than thought the measure would make it better (30 percent). And, by a two-to-one margin, voters said it was more likely to increase health care costs (39 percent) than decrease them (20 percent).
 Voters also thought Republicans were moving too fast on repealing Obamacare — a response to the compressed timeline on which Trump and Ryan insisted. This week’s POLITICO/Morning Consult poll found a 43-percent plurality thought the GOP was going too quickly — greater than the combination of those who thought Republicans were moving too slowly (18 percent) or going about the right speed (17 percent) on repealing Obamacare.
POLITICO and Morning Consult were the only organizations to conduct multiple surveys since the release of the bill. And while the polls still represented the only surveys to show greater support than opposition for the measure, the trendline was headed in the wrong direction for Trump and the House GOP.
 In the initial poll — conducted immediately after the release of the legislation — support for the bill exceeded opposition by a healthy margin: 46 percent to 35 percent. But a week later, voters were more evenly divided, with approval decreasing to just 41 percent, and disapproval ticking up to 38 percent.
 But even in the initial POLITICO/Morning Consult poll — which produced the most positive results for the bill of any public poll — there were a number of warning signs. The most popular elements of the proposed legislation, the poll showed, were the ones held over from Obamacare.
 Majorities of voters were happy the bill included allowing young adults under 26 years of age to say on their parents’ insurance plans (68 percent) and prohibiting insurance companies from denying coverage to patients with pre-existing conditions (71 percent).
 Eliminating the individual mandate that Americans buy health insurance was moderately popular, with half of voters saying it should be in the bill. But the GOP replacement to encourage Americans without employer-sponsored insurance to remain in the market — requiring adults to pay a 30-percent penalty of their premium costs for a year if their coverage lapses for more than two months — was panned by voters: Only 18 percent said it should be in the bill, compared to 64 percent who said it shouldn’t.
But perhaps the most salient poll numbers for fence-sitting GOP lawmakers — whether the conservatives of the Freedom Caucus or centrists who represent competitive districts — were the political implications. And the polling offered little upside to back the bill.
Far more voters in the Quinnipiac poll appeared poised to punish members of Congress for supporting the legislation than punish those who oppose or undermine it. Forty-six percent of voters said if their representative votes to replace Obamacare with the GOP plan, it would make them less likely to support their reelection, greater than the 19 percent who said it would make them more likely to vote for their reelection.
Part of that was widespread Democratic opposition to the bill: 73 percent of Democratic voters said it would make them less likely to vote to reelect their member. A 52-percent majority of independents also said it would make them less likely to support their incumbent, likely a red flag for those who represent competitive or Democratic-leaning seats.
But for conservative members in overwhelmingly Republican districts, GOP voters weren’t as likely to punish those who defy Trump and Ryan. Roughly as many Republican voters said their members vote on the bill “won’t matter much” in their choice at the ballot box, 41 percent, as said it would make them more likely to support their member, 43 percent.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump signaled Friday that his failed effort to repeal and replace Obamacare won’t be his last try.
“I guess I’m here what, 64 days? I never said repeal and replace Obamacare — you’ve all heard my speeches — I never said repeal it and replace it within 64 days,” Trump told reporters shortly after House Republican leaders pulled their bill to do just that. “I have a long time.”
Story Continued Below
Trump’s rhetoric Friday appeared to show the evolution from a blustering presidential candidate with no political experience to a commander in chief who saw firsthand how difficult governing in Washington can be — even as a Republican with GOP majorities in the House and Senate.
And while he does have time — he’s only been in office for two months of his four-year term — it’s not true that Trump never said he would repeal and replace Obamacare in the early days of his administration.
Indeed, the then-GOP presidential nominee declared a week before Election Day that he would ask Congress to hold a “special session” to “immediately repeal and replace Obamacare,” which he vowed to do “very, very quickly.” Repealing and replacing Obamacare was also listed as part of Trump’s 100-day plan.
But Trump and GOP leaders failed to do so, and it’s unlikely that they’ll ever accomplish that feat in the president’s first 100 days. They’ve already highlighted tax reform as their next legislative goal, and Congress will recess for two weeks in April. 
House Republican leaders pulled their legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare from a scheduled floor vote on Friday, failing to make good on a years-long promise while also dealing a devastating blow to Republicans’ legislative agenda.
Despite opposition from enough Republicans to sink the proposal, Trump had demanded a Friday vote, and the White House projected confidence that the measure would clear the chamber — until it was ultimately pulled.
Flanked by Vice President Mike Pence and Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price inside the Oval Office, Trump thanked them and the Republican Party — although opposition from moderates and conservatives ultimately led to the bill’s demise, which he attributed to Democrats, who unanimously opposed repealing Obamacare from the start.
“We were very close, and it was a very, very tight margin,” Trump said. “We had no Democrat support. We had no votes from the Democrats. They weren’t gonna give us a single vote so it’s a very difficult thing to do.”
Trump suggested that Republicans were likely 10 to 15 votes short of passing their American Health Care Act and expressed disappointment having lost a bill that was “within grasp.”
“A lot of people don’t realize how good our bill was because they were viewing phase one,” Trump said, noting that “it became a great bill” when factoring in all three phases — one on the regulatory side from HHS and the other through legislation that would require 60 votes in the Senate.
Nevertheless, the president had a rosy, optimistic view for Round 2, whenever that may come.
“Perhaps the best thing that could happen is exactly what happened today because we’ll end up with a truly great health care bill in the future after this mess known as Obamacare explodes,” Trump said. “We all learned a lot. We learned a lot about loyalty. We learned a lot about the vote-getting process. We learned a lot about some very arcane rules in obviously both the Senate and in the House. Certainly for me it’s been a very interesting experience. But in the end, I think it’s gonna be an experience that leads to an even better health care plan.”
Trump hinted that the next crack at health care reform will be a reversal from Republicans’ failed endeavor. Critics of GOP leaders said their effort was rushed; Trump has acknowledged that he has plenty of time. Republicans expected to pass the legislation without any Democratic support; now Trump suspects Democrats will try to work across the aisle (although he sent mixed signals about his willingness to work with them). 
“I think the losers are Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer because now they own Obamacare,” Trump said of the Democratic leaders in the House and Senate, respectively, immediately after remarking that he’d “be totally open to” working with the opposition party. “They own it — 100 percent own it. And this is not a Republican health care. This is not anything but a Democrat health care, and they have Obamacare for a little while longer until it ceases to exist, which it will at some point in the near future.”
“And just remember: This is not our bill. This is their bill,” he continued. “Now, when they all become civilized and get together and try and work out a great health care bill for the people of this country, we’re open to it. We’re totally open to it.”
Yet asked if he would talk to Democrats now that Republicans are moving on, Trump said no.
“I think we have to let Obamacare go its way for a little while, and we’ll see how things go. I’d love to see it do well, but it can’t. I mean, it can’t,” Trump said. “It’s not a question of, ‘Gee, I hope it does well.’ I would love it to do well. I want great health care for the people of this nation, but it can’t do well. It’s imploding and soon will explode, and it’s not gonna be pretty. So the Democrats don’t wanna see that so they’re gonna reach out when they’re ready. And whenever they’re ready, we’re ready.”



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump did “everything” he could to repeal and replace Obamacare, the White House said again and again on Friday.
Apparently everything was not enough. 
Story Continued Below
Damage control was underway at the White House even before the Obamacare repeal bill was pulled from the House floor Friday afternoon, an effective waving of the white flag on one of Republicans’ top priorities. And as the White House sought to prevent any blame from landing on Trump, House Speaker Paul Ryan emerged as a prime target.
Press secretary Sean Spicer, who on Thursday expressed complete confidence in the bill’s passage, sounded a different tune early Friday afternoon, as Ryan huddled at the White House with Trump to discuss a way forward hours before the decision was made to call off the vote.
“The president has been working the phones and having in-person meetings since the American Health Care Act was introduced,” Spicer said. “He’s left everything on the field when it comes to this bill.”
And even while Spicer said Ryan, too, had done his best, others in the White House were ready to see the conservative speaker take the blame for the humiliating defeat.
“This is 100 percent a Ryan failure. His plan and Tom Price is his guy,” one senior administration official said after the bill was pulled.
 Others in the White House sought to downplay any signs of Trump-Ryan tension, saying the White House merely underestimated the animosity between factions within the Republican conference, specifically the hardline Freedom Caucus and moderate Tuesday Group.
“Trump feels like Ryan did everything right,” one senior administration official said. “He has no ax to grind with Paul Ryan. … He’s ready to move on to other things.” 
Speaking to reporters in the Oval Office, Trump hewed to a message, saying the failure was the fault of the Democrats, an odd claim given the Republicans control Congress. He thanked Ryan for his work, and said he remained confident in Ryan’s ability to lead the House.
“Paul really worked hard,” Trump said, but was also quick to tout his own efforts.
“I worked as a team player,” he said.
And he added that he did not consider the bill perfect.
"Well I think we could have had things that I would have liked more, and if we had bipartisan [support], I really think we could have a health care bill that would be the ultimate,” he said.
When asked if he felt “betrayed” by the Freedom Caucus, Trump responded: "No, I'm not betrayed. They're friends of mine. I'm disappointed because we could have had it, so I'm disappointed. I'm a little surprised, to be honest with you. We really had it. It was pretty much there within grasp. But I'll tell you what is going to come out of it is a better bill.”
Ryan, meanwhile, was striking a different note on Capitol Hill, making clear he saw the Freedom Caucus as responsible for the defeat.
"There is a bloc of 'no' votes that we had that is why this didn't pass. They were a sufficient number of votes that prevented it from passing and they didn't change their votes. We were close," Ryan said.
But Ryan was full of public praise for Trump and his team.
"He did everything he possibly could to help people see the opportunity that we have with this bill. He's really been fantastic. Still, we gotta do better and we will,” Ryan said.
“This is a setback, no two ways about it,” he admitted.
The White House, even before the bill was pulled, was laser-focused on protecting Trump. “The president has given it his all,” Spicer declared at one point during the briefing on Friday.
“The president is confident that we have done every single thing possible,” Spicer said at another.
“We are confident that we have done everything,” Spicer added later. “We’ve done everything. We’ve done every single thing. Every meeting, every call, every discussion.”
And he repeated a line he had deployed Thursday, when asked if Trump would take responsibility if the bill failed: “You can’t force people to vote.”
The collapse of the bill has cast a pall on Trump’s young presidency and raised fresh doubts about the outsider president’s ability to manage a raucous Republican Congress to fulfill his grand campaign promises — and there has been no bigger promise from Trump and his fellow Republicans than to repeal and replace Barack Obama’s signature legislative achievement.
It also raises new questions about the fate of Ryan, who did little to campaign for Trump in the fall and now is seen by some as responsible for the White House’s first major defeat.
Even before the fate of the bill became clear, former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, a vocal Trump ally, slammed the House Republican leadership for the debacle.
“I don’t understand how the leadership got to the point where they [designed] a bill that didn’t have the votes,” Gingrich said in an interview. “I don’t understand artificial deadlines that lead to defeat.”
The rush to pass the bill — with less than three weeks from unveiling to a scheduled floor vote — was mystifying to the former speaker, who said he would never bring a bill to the floor as many votes short as AHCA appeared. And on an issue like health care in particular, Gingrich said, such a rush made no sense.
“Nancy Pelosi brought Obamacare to the floor in July, Obama signed it in March. That’s eight months,” Gingrich said. “The power to schedule is entirely controlled by the speaker.”
Gingrich’s advice: “Pull it.”
That advice was followed late Friday afternoon.
The White House’s messaging, so far, appears to be meeting with some success in deflecting potential blame from the White House.
The conservative advocacy group, Heritage Action, has been among the most vocal critics of the repeal plan, and targeted its fire at Ryan.
The group has pointed to Ryan’s own words to attack him, noting that Ryan’s “Better Way” agenda called for the Affordable Care Act to be “fully repealed.” The AHCA, many conservatives argued, fell far short of full repeal and kept too many of the law’s signature elements, like tax credits to help low-income people buy insurance and requirements to protect those with pre-existing conditions.
Spicer declined to attack the speaker Friday. He blamed the arcana of congressional procedure as much as campaign promises for opting to kick off the presidency with an assault on the Affordable Care Act.
“I’m not assigning blame,” Spicer said at one point during Friday’s briefing.
Ryan returned the favor, saying at a news conference Friday afternoon that Trump "gave his all.”
House leadership also privately blamed moderate Republicans, who defected en masse late in the week, for sinking the bill. Many pulled out after the White House struck a deal with the Freedom Caucus to remove the requirement that insurers provide certain “essential” coverage, like maternity care, ambulatory care and lab work.
"A lot of blame should also fall on Northeast moderates," a GOP leadership source said. 
But a senior Republican source put the blame squarely on Ryan. 
"He was never willing to build consensus because he was so personally invested in his own bill," the source griped.
The Freedom Caucus, for their part, blamed Ryan, too, for the failure.
Some members felt Ryan had misled the president about the bill’s chance of passage and did not do enough to seek a consensus.
At his briefing, Spicer also struck a tone of resignation as he declared the burden was on House Republicans to fulfill their long-held pledge to scrap Obamacare.
"It is now up to members," Spicer said. "It is ultimately them that have to go down on the floor and cast that vote.”
Less than two hours later, the bill was pulled.
Madeline Conway contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
Amid the biggest policy showdown of Donald Trump’s presidency, top White House aides are perplexed that an outside group created to boost him at such critical junctions was missing in action.
The pro-Trump nonprofit, America First Policies, has been gripped by its own internal headaches as two of the six announced members of its leadership team have left in recent days, according to two officials involved with the group.
Story Continued Below
Rick Gates, who worked as a deputy to former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort, departed following an Associated Press report this week that Manafort once worked to secretly “greatly benefit the Putin government.” Gates had been increasingly active running the group day to day until his sudden departure. And David Bossie, who served as Trump’s deputy campaign manager, no longer has ties to the nonprofit after POLITICO reported earlier this month that he was in talks with donors about launching a competing group.
“America First [Policies] has turned into an embarrassment,” one senior White House official complained as the vote loomed, calling the group “rudderless.”
With the health care law hanging in the balance, there were no TV ads, no brushbacks of wayward GOP lawmakers and no pointed reminders in key districts that every Republican nationwide ran on a platform or repealing and replacing President Barack Obama’s namesake health care law.
“Members of Congress need to be reminded of that and having a pro-Trump group doing that would be helpful,” said a second top White House aide.
“If we had an outside group …” the aide continued wistfully, but trailed off and didn’t finish the sentence.
No one with the group responded to requests to speak on the record about their activities.
The bill was pulled from the House floor Friday shortly before a scheduled vote was a staggering defeat for Trump, who campaigned on a promise to repeal Obamacare. 
In the lead-up to the vote, a senior White House official complained that the Trump-aligned nonprofit was outflanked and outmaneuvered by outside groups opposed to the bill, such as the Club for Growth and Heritage Action, which had planned to use the vote in their closely monitored scorecards, and the Koch brothers network, which announced a seven-figure fund to defend Republicans who cross the White House.
"Right now, there is the perception that Heritage Action and the Club for Growth have more sway than I think they do. But that's only because they’re the only ones being as vocal,” said one of the two White House officials. “Trump has a much greater connection with the grass roots.”
America First Policies, which was started by Trump digital director Brad Parscale, senior Mike Pence advisers Nick Ayers and Marty Obst, along with Trump spokeswoman Katrina Pierson, limited its activities mostly to small buys of Facebook ads, where it has a little more than 4,000 followers.
Obst told POLITICO that earlier this month that the group had $25 million in commitments and half that already in the bank.
“Where’s Rick Gates, Katrina Pierson, Marty Obst, Nick Ayers, Brad Parscale? They wanted to be the big shots, they got the blessing from the White House. They haven't done anything. Where is the accountability from the people who appointed them?” one former Trump campaign official complained. “They literally aren’t doing shit.” 
One official with the nonprofit said that “fluid negotiation” over the health care bill made it difficult for the outside group to jump in, explaining, “I’m not sure what message would be best.”
“What if we dropped $5 million to hit the Freedom Caucus,” this person went on, “and it turns out we need the Tuesday Group?”
Internally, the group faced its own troubles, including Gates’ inclusion in the AP story about Manafort’s work for a Russian billionaire close to Russian President Vladimir Putin. “The last thing we want is for the c4 to be connected to Russia, which is totally implausible,” the official with the nonprofit said.
Gates separated from the group Thursday, as first reported by CNN. A post on the America First Policies Twitter account read, “Rick Gates is grateful @POTUS is standing up to #fakenews & supports agenda. @AmericaFirstPol is setup & strong - he's on to more ventures!”
Bossie is out too, according to two people familiar with the matter, after POLITICO reported he was in talks with top donors, including influential Trump giver Rebekah Mercer, who was on the executive committee of the transition team, about launching a separate group.
“We’re not communicating with him. We don’t know what the heck he’s doing,” the official with America First Policies said. “We don’t really care.”
In one positive development for America First Policies, the official with the nonprofit said it now appears possible that the Mercers would work with the group after previously cutting ties. This person said with the talks have included taking a seat on the board of directors.
“The conversations we have with Rebekah [are] very positive,” the official said. “Certainly, we wouldn’t go to her and say you have to be exclusive with us.”
The Washington Post reported last week that the Mercers are calling their independent group Making America Great.
Bossie, Gates, and a spokesman for the Mercers could not be reached for comment.
Josh Dawsey contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
Facing a growing rebellion within his own ranks, Speaker Paul Ryan pulled the Republican Obamacare replacement plan from the House floor on Friday just before a scheduled vote.
The decision is a staggering defeat for Ryan and President Donald Trump in their first attempt to partner on major legislation and fulfill a seven-year Republican promise to repeal Obamacare. And it comes a day after Trump issued an ultimatum to House Republicans to vote for the bill or live with Obamacare. 
Story Continued Below
GOP lawmakers decided they can, in fact, live with Obamacare, at least for now.
A Republican leadership aide said Trump and Ryan spoke by phone at 3 p.m. and that the president asked the speaker to pull the bill. Ryan told reporters that his advice to Trump was to cancel the vote.
But the reality is that Ryan and his leadership team had been bleeding votes all day and were not close to passing the American Health Care Act. The speaker went to the White House and told Trump as much just an hour earlier. 
Republicans were begging Ryan and party leaders to pull the bill to save them from having to vote on an unpopular measure. But Trump badly wanted to move ahead so he would "know who my friends are," he said, according to a Republican lawmaker who met with him. Democrats were unwavering in their opposition, and conservative outside groups despised the bill from the start.
And while GOP leaders had called Trump "the ulimate closer," he wasn't able to move many votes, especially among hard-line conservatives in the House Freedom Caucus. Trump admitted after the bill was pulled that he was "10 to 15 votes" shy of victory, a stunning margin considering how much effort he and Ryan had put into their lobbying campaign during the last week.
Ryan also knew, though, that if the bill had come up for a vote, it would have failed by a much larger margin than the whip counts. Once rank-and-file members knew it would fail, they'd reverse course and vote "no" in order to protect themselves politically, which their leaders would bless. That much larger margin of defeat would be an even bigger setback for Trump. In a sense, Ryan protected Trump from his own combative instincts, said GOP insiders.
"I will not sugarcoat this, this is a disappointing day for us," Ryan said at a press conference following the stunning announcement. "This is a setback, no two ways about it."
Ryan admitted that the Affordable Care Act, enacted seven years earlier almost to the day, "remains the law of the land... We're going to be living with Obamacare for the foreseeable future."
Ryan insisted Trump was not at fault for the failure.
"The president gave his all in this effort," Ryan added. "He's been fantastic."
The Freedom Caucus — the group that took down Speaker John Boehner — remained unwilling to compromise with Trump and Ryan, believing that their bill didn't do nearly enough to unwind Obamacare. 
"Some of the members of that caucus were voting with us, but not enough were," Ryan said. "I met with their chairman today, and he made it clear that the votes weren't going to be there from their team. And that was sufficient to provide the balance of votes to have this not pass."
Democrats, for their part, were doing cartwheels in the Capitol. They've bloodied Trump, bashed Ryan, and showed that even in a GOP-run Washington, they still matter big time.
“Today is a great day for our country," said House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.). "It's a victory. What happened on the floor is a victory for the American people — for our seniors, for people with disabilities, for our children, for our veterans."
On the other side of the aisle, the internal GOP finger-pointing has already begun, showing the long-term damage inside the Republican Conference from this fight.
Rep. Michael Burgess (R-Texas), who helped craft the Republican health care legislation, was livid after the decision to pull the bill.
"The architects of Obamacare, they own this damn thing," the Texas Republican said. "There were people who were not interested in solving the problem. They win today."
Rep. Mo Brooks (R-Ala.), a member of the Freedom Caucus, said the bill's demise was a "good day for America."
Despite Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows' central role in defeating the bill and thus leaving Obamacare as the law of the land, the North Carolina Republican insisted he still wanted to repeal the Democratic health care law.
"I remain wholeheartedly committed to following through on this promise," Meadows said in a statement. "President Trump is committed to repealing Obamacare and replacing it with a system that works for American families, and I look forward to working with him to do just that."
Trump has staked his early presidency on repealing and replacing Obamacare, embracing his image as a dealmaker and closer throughout the process. House leaders were happy to oblige as well, referring to Trump as “the ultimate closer” as he met with reluctant House members.
“He’s left everything on the field when it comes to this bill,” White House spokesman Sean Spicer said Friday afternoon, describing Trump as working tirelessly to get the bill across the finish line. He added, “You can’t force someone to vote a certain way.”
As Ryan and his allies scrambled to convince wary colleagues to back their health care plan, they watched as conservative and moderates in their caucus began to declare their opposition. As defections mounted, Ryan traveled to the White House to reveal to Trump his faltering whip count – and to discuss whether to pull the bill. But the administration seemed intent on proceeding as planned.
“We want the vote," a senior administration official said as Ryan made his way up Pennsylvania Avenue. "If they want to go against the president, they should do it on live TV."
Ultimately, though, Ryan prevailed. Moderate Republicans such as Virginia Rep. Barbara Comstock and Ohio Rep. David Joyce disclosed their opposition even as Ryan was meeting with Trump. It became clear early Friday afternoon that the bill was poised for defeat, as members on the fence broke against it.
The bill met sharp resistance from both ends of the Republican caucus, as hard-line conservatives in the House Freedom Caucus contended it failed to do away with Obamacare’s core components and moderates argued that its curbs on Medicaid could harm vulnerable constituents. Ultimately, those competing pressures proved irreconcilable.
Rep. Charlie Dent (R-Pa.), a moderate who came out against the bill two days ago, insisted that Friday's debacle was actually not a big deal and said it’s time to “move on."
"There are a lot of people in this building who talk and say everything is catastrophic and cataclysmic, well we know that’s not the case," Dent said. "If you want to do health care reform, do it on a bipartisan basis…. We have to sit down and regroup.”
Rep. Barry Loudermilk (R-Ga.) warned it wasn’t the end of Republican efforts to repeal Obamacare. 
“The game is not over, so it’s not a win or loss," he said. ”We’re gonna get back together after we get a weekend’s rest, we’re going to assess where we are. The votes were razor thin, from what I understand, so we’re close to where we need to be."



ARTICLE
Attorney Jamie Gorelick had just finished vetting potential Cabinet secretaries for Hillary Clinton — and raising money for the failed 2016 Democratic nominee — when Jared Kushner called her last year, seeking legal counsel.
Gorelick, who served as deputy attorney general under President Bill Clinton and a former member of the 9/11 Commission, was recommended to Kushner by former News Corp. executive Joel Klein, who now serves as chief strategy officer at Oscar, the health insurance company co-founded by Kushner’s younger brother, Josh. Klein told Jared Kushner he needed a real lawyer to sort through nepotism and conflict-of-interest concerns that could bar him from working in the White House for his father-in-law, President Donald Trump.
Story Continued Below
“He said that Jared was a good person, and that he thought he would be a good influence on the administration,” Gorelick said in an interview Thursday afternoon, sitting in a sunny conference room at her law firm, Wilmer Hale.
Gorelick, widely rumored to have been Hillary Clinton’s front-runner for attorney general, hesitated before agreeing to represent someone who served as the de facto campaign manager for a candidate who encouraged chants of "Lock Her Up" at rallies.
“At the time, I was grieving for Hillary Clinton,” she said. “This was not the transition I was contemplating working on — at all. And I didn’t know Jared Kushner. And I did think twice about it.”
Since signing on with Kushner, Gorelick has been in the spotlight for lending credibility to his efforts to comply with federal ethics laws — as well as those of his wife, Ivanka, also a Gorelick client.
It has been an uncomfortable position for a dyed-in-the-wool Democrat to assume, and Gorelick has been shocked by the vitriol that has been hurled in her direction.
“Hey Jamie Gorelick, you’ve just poured that ‘Complicit’ perfume on yourself. #Ivanka,” top Democratic consultant Hilary Rosen, also a former Clinton surrogate and a partner at SKDKnickerbocker, tweeted, in reference to a “Saturday Night Live” sketch about an Ivanka Trump-branded scent called “Complicit.”
Gorelick sees herself as part of a time-honored Washington tradition of well-respected lawyers representing clients from the opposite party. Two of President Bill Clinton’s chiefs of staff, Mack McLarty and Erskine Bowles, turned to Arthur Culvahouse, former White House counsel under Ronald Reagan, to oversee their ethics arrangements, as did members of President Barack Obama’s administration.
In hiring Gorelick, Ivanka Trump and Kushner — two expats from Midtown Manhattan, who are part of an administration trying to upend all of Washington’s norms — are simply following that old D.C. playbook, buying themselves the patina of a former Clinton Justice department official vouching for their good names. 
But Gorelick is testing whether that norm still holds true in Trump’s Washington. Many former Clinton diehards have branded themselves as “the resistance” and view any effort to work with advisers close to the president as an obscene attempt to “normalize” a politically abnormal president. For this liberal crowd, Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner — branded as the moderates of Trump’s world — are viewed as extensions of the president, just operating under more glamorous, and therefore dangerous, facades.
Earlier this week, Gorelick vouched for Ivanka Trump’s ability to work as a de facto full-time White House adviser — complete with a security clearance, a West Wing office, and a government-issued phone — without formally becoming a government employee. Under the unprecedented arrangement, the first daughter will only voluntarily submit herself to ethics laws, without taking an oath of office that would subject her to disclosure and other requirements. 
Gorelick also maintains that it would be impossible for Ivanka Trump to sell her eponymous fashion and jewelry line, because the buyer would be able to use her name — acknowledging there’s no way to create a setup for the first daughter that would be free of conflict of interest.
“The swirl of money and conflicts is unprecedented and their arrangements are not curing it," said Robert Weissman, president of the nonprofit Public Citizen. “That Ivanka Trump has branded her company with her name is a complicating factor, and it should be, for her, not for the American people. Looking at [Gorelick’s] comments saying it doesn’t work for Ivanka to sell off the company — well, then maybe it doesn’t work for her to be in government.”
Even inside the Republican Party, the bipartisan spirit of the Washington power lawyer scene is being tested. “Some of my Republican friends who are ‘Never Trumpers’ are not particularly happy that I wound up doing the vice-presidential vetting,” Culvahouse conceded. “But the question is: Do you want him to fail, or do you want good people to get in? Is President Trump better served with Kushner and Ivanka serving with him in the White House? Absolutely he is.”
Gorelick is of the same mind as Culvahouse: She believes in pushing good people into government, even if she disagrees with the man at the top. She admitted the criticism from Democrats bothers her — especially Rosen’s tweet, which was forwarded to her.
“I was shocked by that,” she said, adding sarcastically, “it must be that Hilary has never taken a client on, whose values and principles she didn’t entirely agree with. Really? There is something that has been so polarizing about this administration that it does make it harder to do what I would consider a normal lawyer’s job to be.” 
Rosen, in response, said she doesn’t “wish [Gorelick] or Ivanka any ill will. ... But there is widespread distaste for how the president has meshed his and his family’s business interests, and good lawyering doesn’t fix that problem.”
In Gorelick’s worldview, however, she believes that it does. “I don’t pass my clients through a 100 percent values alignment litmus test,” she said. “If people want to come to me and get good, principled, ethical advice, and they want to follow it, then I will take them on as a client. I don’t need to take on clients if I don’t want to spend my time with them. There is a voluntary piece of this. But I encourage people to serve.”
Along with Kushner and Ivanka Trump, Gorelick represented former Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson in his confirmation and vetting process to become secretary of state. She said she has not spoken to the Clintons about her new clients.
She dodged the question, though, of whether there are people she would not represent. If White House chief strategist Steve Bannon, who represents the most extreme end of Trump’s administration, asked for her help, would she offer it? “Good luck to you, but I’m not going there,” Gorelick said. “In general, I have really pressed people who have had the opportunity to go into this administration to go in. A lot of people do not want to go in. But we have one government, elections have consequences, we should not want the government to fail.”
For Gorelick, there is some cosmic irony to representing members of the Trump administration, late in her career. In her first job out of Harvard Law School, her firm at the time was representing Richard Nixon in the Supreme Court. “I was a very progressive young woman, and I had never expected to represent Richard Nixon,” she said. “This is an interesting bookend.”

Gorelick might be new to taking hits from the Hilary Rosens of the world, but she has long been a bête noir of the right — she’s a recurring villain on conservative talk radio, where Rush Limbaugh for years has falsely blamed her for instituting a “wall” between law enforcement and intelligence agencies when she served in the Justice Department, making it easier for the lead 9/11 hijacker to enter the country. And Gorelick drew criticism from both the left and the right when it was revealed she received $26 million from Fannie Mae before the mortgage giant was bailed out by the government.
“They make things up,” she said. “They say I caused 9/11, and that I caused the financial crisis. I know there are people that say that, but no legitimate person has ever said that. I ignore it. I've had criticism come at me from different directions, pretty much my whole career.”
And for all the flak she’s getting from the left, it’s Gorelick’s reputation in conservative circles that made her a surprising hire to Trump loyalists. “If Jared and Ivanka had asked my opinion, I'd say great, find a Democrat lawyer,” said one longtime Trump loyalist. “If they said, it’s Jamie Gorelick, I’d say, great, find a different one.”
Gorelick is also in the odd position of working concurrently for clients who are members of the Trump administration, as well as individuals fighting his policies.
As part of her pro bono work, Gorelick recently filed a brief on behalf of immigrant women who have been the subjects of of gender-based violence, seeking the court in San Francisco to understand the implications of Trump’s immigration ban on their lives and communities. She also serves as an outside adviser to the liberal Center for American Progress, which has been fighting against Trump’s health care overhaul.
Gorelick said she flags some of those outside issues she is working on to Kushner and Ivanka Trump. “I’m not going to lobby them for any client, but if there are issues that I know they care about that are percolating, I would send it to them, and I have,” she said. “It’s possible to become extremely isolated in the White House. I think people like that need to hear from outside sources.”
Longtime Gorelick friends, like President Barack Obama’s former ethics czar, Norm Eisen, have criticized her read of the anti-nepotism statute, which Gorelick said does not bar Kushner from serving as a senior adviser in the White House. And they have vocally disagreed with her decision that Ivanka Trump could voluntarily submit herself to government ethics rules, when she is serving as a de facto full-time government employee in everything but title.
But Eisen said that despite his legal disagreement, he thinks Gorelick’s involvement is good in that it’s pushing top members of the Trump administration in the right direction. “It’s consistent with our profession to represent your clients zealously, but at the same time, push them as far as they will go in the direction of what is right,” he said. “The thing that distinguishes really great lawyers — starting with John Adams, who famously represented a British redcoat — is that you take on tough clients and you do the best for them. I think Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump have fared much better in the public eye because of Jamie’s work.”
Gorelick said separating Kushner from his real estate company took up most of her time in December and January and that his financial disclosure form will show that he still retains sizable assets.
“I like hard and interesting problems, and I have certainly had them in this representation," she said. “The Kushner Cos. is really a series of dozens and dozens and dozens of individual buildings and their own corporate structure. Extricating him from each one of those was extremely difficult.”
But she said Kushner gave her carte blanche to make it work. “His view was, ‘Do what needs to be done.’ There are a lot of assets left and he will have to recuse himself on quite a few issues.” 
Months after getting involved with the people closest to the man she tried to help defeat, Gorelick said Klein's assessment of Kushner has held up. “I don’t have much insight as to what he is doing inside on a daily basis,” she said, “but he does seem like a good person.”



ARTICLE
The group that brought down Speaker John Boehner is headed for a momentous clash with President Donald Trump on Friday.
And it's anybody's guess who’s going to win.
Story Continued Below
The House Freedom Caucus has threatened to tank the House GOP Obamacare replacement bill unless they get what they want. But Trump is now calling their bluff. White House officials told members of the group on Thursday they have one shot: If they help defeat the American Health Care Act, the Trump administration is going to move on — meaning the Freedom Caucus could be pinned with actually saving Obamacare. The White House is betting that they will cave, given that saving Obamacare is something these conservative Republicans will never be able to stomach.
The faceoff with Trump and Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) — their main nemesis — has brought the group of hardliners to a crossroads. They can vote for a repeal bill they once dubbed “Obamacare Lite.” Or they can stick together and block the president’s first major legislative initiative. Either outcome has huge implications for the future of the Freedom Caucus and its chairman, Rep. Mark Meadows (R-N.C.).
"After seven horrible years of Obamacare (skyrocketing premiums & deductibles, bad healthcare), this is finally your chance for a great plan!" Trump tweeted Friday morning, just hours before the vote. "The irony is that the Freedom Caucus, which is very pro-life and against Planned Parenthood, allows P.P. to continue if they stop this plan!"
It’s a showdown GOP leadership has been itching to have for a long time. The Freedom Caucus has been a major thorn in the side of Republican leadership since they sent Boehner packing nearly 18 months ago. During this Obamacare repeal debate, they went around Ryan’s back to negotiate directly with the White House and kept demanding more concessions to secure their votes, angering some senior House Republicans.
The Freedom Caucus won some of the policy disputes, including an agreement from the White House to end the requirement for "essential health benefits" in insurance plans. But they wanted more, including rolling back so-called "Title 1" regulations, such as the ban on discriminating against patients with pre-existing conditions or keeping children on a health plan until age 26. That was too much for the White House and House GOP leaders. Now Trump is done negotiating, he's calling for a vote, and he's leaning on them hard to back the measure.
“It's a really tough choice,” said Freedom Caucus member Scott DesJarlais (R-Tenn.), one of the few lawmakers who embraced Trump early in the 2016 election. “There's probably no issue so important to me. It's why I ran six years ago and it's really important to me that we get this right. I think we can do better... but they're ready to move on.”
The Freedom Caucus, to be sure, may very well win this showdown. Hardline conservatives and a block of unhappy moderates — some of whom now oppose the American Health Care Act because of the same concessions given to conservatives — could bring down the bill and hand Trump and Ryan a major loss.
Between these two factions, there are enough votes to defeat the bill. Ryan will have to deliver 215 votes to pass the bill, and it's going to be close. There are currently 237 House Republicans, meaning Trump and Ryan can only lose 22 votes.
Yet derailing the AHCA would severely cramp Trump's legislative agenda, decimate Ryan's image, and give a huge boost to Democrats. Tax reform — a major priority for Trump — would be especially impacted since leaving Obamacare in place would give the White House dramatically less room to cut taxes.
The outcome of Friday’s vote also has the potential to drive a wedge between members of the caucus. Rep. Meadows, who has become the face of the GOP opposition to AHCA, has been saying he “desperately” wants to cut a deal with Trump. Numerous White House and Hill sources say they firmly believe Meadows wants to vote “Yes.”
“We’re committed to stay[ing] as long as it takes to get this done because the president has promised it to the people, we have promised, and we’re committed to stay here until we get it done,” Meadows said earlier on Thursday, before Trump's dramatic move to demand a vote on the bill. “The president will get a victory because we all want to negotiate in good faith and deliver on promises.”
However, a sizable chunk of his group's 30-plus members have made it crystal clear that no amount of tweaking or minor changes to Ryan’s replacement bill can win them over. Insiders in the House and the White House believe about 10 to 15 of the Freedom Caucus members will vote “no” on the measure regardless of what concessions they receive or what pressure Trump and the leadership try to bring against them. Thus, if Meadows votes yes, he alienates those conservatives and the outside groups that have come against AHCA. If he votes no, he will damage his credibility with the White House and broader GOP Conference.
It’s one of the reasons why the White House decided to roll the dice and demand a floor vote. A senior administration official told POLITICO they didn’t think Meadows could change the group's mind and get them to commit to a deal.
So now Meadows now finds himself caught in a political bind between his desire to be there for the president, with whom he shares a good rapport, and his collection of ideological purists driving a tough — if not politically unpalatable — bargain.
Josh Dawsey contributed to this story.



ARTICLE
House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes said Thursday he "felt he had a duty and obligation" to inform President Donald Trump that transition officials on his team may have had communications intercepted inadvertently, a decision that has drawn the ire of congressional Democrats. 
“It’s clear that I would be concerned if I was the president and that’s why I wanted him to know," the Republican lawmaker told Fox News' Sean Hannity during an interview Thursday night. "I felt I had a duty and obligation to tell him because as you know he’s been taking a lot of heat in the news media."
Story Continued Below
Nunes added that he felt sharing the information was necessary for Trump to make his own determination on whether the surveillance was carried out improperly.
"I think to some degree there are some things that he should look at to see whether in fact he thinks the collection was proper or not," he said.
Nunes reportedly apologized earlier Thursday to fellow panel members for not informing others, such as ranking Democrat Adam Schiff, about the intelligence before going to the White House. According to an aide, Nunes "pledged to work" with the Democratic minority on the issue. 
Despite the admission, Nunes stressed that he felt Trump "needed to understand what I saw.''
Congressional Democrats ripped Nunes for going public with the information, questioning whether he could lead an independent investigation into the Trump campaign's ties to Russian officials. 
On "Hannity," Nunes added that that the committee expected to get further intelligence on the intercepted messages Friday.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump on Thursday slammed "disastrous" Obamacare barely an hour after saying he was prepared to leave the health care plan in place if the House fails to pass the GOP replacement bill. 
"Disastrous #Obamacare has led to higher costs & fewer options. It will only continue to get worse! We must #RepealANDReplace. #PassTheBill," the president tweeted from the official @POTUS account. 
Story Continued Below
Trump's statement came after the president failed to strike a deal with members of the House Freedom Caucus on the GOP's health care plan to replace Obamacare, and House leaders canceled a scheduled Thursday vote on the bill. The president then demanded a vote in the House on Friday, according to White House Budget Director Mick Mulvaney. 
If the House rejects the bill, Mulvaney added, Trump would be ready to leave Obamacare in place. 
White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Trump's administration knew "it was going to be tough" to vote on a health care plan, in an interview on Fox News "O'Reilly Factor" earlier Thursday evening. 
"The president knew it was going to be tough from the get-go," Spicer said. "We knew it, we knew it was going to be tough, we knew there were a lot of ideas, and it is a balancing act to get to 216 in this case, to make sure that we can pass it."
"The president has put everything he can on this, he's left nothing in the field and frankly this is the same way that he campaigned," Spicer said. "I think we will see the same level of success when it comes to this effort as well."
Spicer said House Speaker Paul Ryan should not resign even if the vote fails as the drafting of the bill "has been a great team effort on the Republican's behalf."
"We put our heart and soul in this bill," Spicer added. 
Separately, the press secretary also said the president has "full confidence" in the intelligence community to investigate evidence related to allegations members of Trump's team were surveilled during the campaign. 
"[House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes] has indicated that there are additional reports that he wants to take a look at. we've asked him and Sen. Burr on the Senate side to make sure to that they are investigating all these concerns that are coming up and why they're happening," Spicer said.



ARTICLE
Chuck Schumer is prepared to push the Senate into a nuclear confrontation over the Supreme Court.
In an extensive interview with POLITICO Thursday, the Senate minority leader made his most definitive statement to date that Democrats will deny Neil Gorsuch the 60 votes he needs to clear a Senate filibuster and ascend to the Supreme Court. Dismissing the notion of a deal to confirm Gorsuch floated by some members of his caucus this week, Schumer all but declared that Donald Trump's nominee will not receive the requisite eight Democratic votes — and that it will be up to Majority Leader Mitch McConnell as to whether to try to blow up the filibuster to get Gorsuch through.
Story Continued Below
“There’s been an almost seismic shift in the caucus [against Gorsuch]," Schumer said as the Senate Judiciary confirmation hearings wrapped up Thursday. "He did not win anybody over with his testimony.”
If Schumer stops Gorsuch during a filibuster vote in early April — and the New Yorker was brimming with confidence that he will — it will almost certainly force McConnell’s hand on the so-called nuclear option. Schumer is betting McConnell does not have the votes to do away with the 60-vote requirement for Supreme Court nominees.
“I don’t think it’s a foregone conclusion that Mitch McConnell changes the rules,” Schumer said. “There are people in his caucus who really don't want to change the rules, OK?”
Blocking Gorsuch would be a major win for the left. Liberal activists have been urging Schumer to do everything in his power to stop Trump's pick, even as Senate Democrats have struggled to mount a case against him. 
But a battle that potentially brings about the end of the filibuster for Supreme Court nominees would further erode the Senate's character as the more deliberative chamber of the legislative branch. And it would have dramatic consequences for both political parties. 
Supreme Court selections would no longer need bipartisan buy-in, possibly resulting in more ideologically extreme justices. And in general, the two parties in the Senate would have one less occasion to cooperate. The partisan food fight over Trump's Cabinet nominees — facilitated by Democrats' move to eliminate the filibuster for those votes in 2013 — offered a possible preview. 
While longtime Republicans hope to avoid a rules change, they're ready to respond to Schumer by gutting the filibuster if that's what it takes. McConnell himself has guaranteed Gorsuch’s confirmation. He has explicitly declined to rule out changing the rules via a party-line vote, also known as the "nuclear option."
Schumer said the “onus” will be on McConnell if the filibuster is further diluted. The majority leader's office declined to comment for this story. 
McConnell can lose only two members on a vote to alter Senate rules. Some of the Republicans long thought to be most resistant to such a move sound increasingly likely to back their leader in such a showdown.
Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) has vowed to do “whatever it takes” to get Gorsuch confirmed. However, his friend, Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) said it was “too early” to talk about. 
“We’ll see if we can get eight Democratic votes,” McCain said Thursday.
While many Democrats are still assessing Gorsuch after four days of hearings this week, sources within the caucus said Thursday that the high court nominee appears increasingly likely to fall short of 60 votes. They attribute that to pressure from liberals, who blasted Democrats after POLITICO reported this week that some Democrats are mulling a deal with Republicans to confirm Gorsuch and preserve the filibuster for a subsequent nomination. 
“Every nominee is extremely important. This is such a powerful position,” Schumer said. “I will make the argument with all the members why I think he’s bad. Everyone can make up their own mind, but I’ll do what I can.”
It’s Schumer’s first major test of his vote-whipping skills after serving for years as consigliere to former Democratic Leader Harry Reid of Nevada for years. No Democrat so far has announced support for Gorsuch. To the contrary, the nominee lost two critical swing votes on Thursday: Sens. Bob Casey of Pennsylvania and Tom Carper of Delaware.
For Democrats, beating Gorsuch is as much about payback for the stalled nomination of Merrick Garland as it is about objections to his judicial record. 
Republicans are incensed that Schumer is leading the Democratic caucus into a new phase of the nominations war. 
Schumer is “a good legislator,” Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley said, but “your good wisdom gets clouded” serving in leadership.
“So I don’t really know what’s up based on the performance of this guy for 22 hours,” Grassley said of Gorsuch. “It’s going to be hard for people to want to vote against him, and I wonder if this threat of a filibuster isn’t a smokescreen.”
Schumer has also pushed for a delay in the confirmation process, given the ongoing FBI investigation into possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia. The move was cheered by liberal groups.
But Schumer’s tactics aren’t shared by some Democrats who remain undecided on Gorsuch. Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia appears highly uncomfortable with blocking Gorsuch. 
Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine, the party's vice presidential nominee last year, said he would “decide over the weekend” how he would vote on the judge. A potential change to Senate rules is the domain of leadership, he added, "so I don’t think that’s going to affect my view of his candidacy on the merits.” 
Sen. Jon Tester (D-Mont.), a swing vote who faces reelection in a state Trump won, said that the FBI-related concern is “Chuck’s view,” not his.
“I’m going to take a look at the hearing and read some of his opinions, as many as I possibly can, and will make it based off of that, not off of FBI investigations,” Tester said in an interview, adding that he expects to “hash out a decision sometime next week.”
Beyond Manchin, Kaine and Tester, at least 10 other Democrats have yet to weigh in on a potential filibuster of Gorsuch. Sens. Michael Bennet of Colorado, Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota, Angus King (I-Maine), Claire McCaskill of Missouri, and Mark Warner of Virginia declined to answer questions about the nominee on Thursday.
Also considered potential gets for the Gorsuch nomination, at least on opposing a filibuster, are Democratic Sens. Chris Coons of Delaware, a member of the Judiciary Committee; Sen. Maggie Hassan of New Hampshire, who met with the nominee last month; and three others who face reelection battles next year: Sens. Joe Donnelly of Indiana, Bill Nelson of Florida and Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota.
Schumer didn't entirely rule out that Gorsuch could prevail. The minority leader said it would be "difficult to get 60 votes after his testimony went as poorly as it did," a characterization of Gorsuch's performance that not everyone shared.
But Schumer is now being explicit that he wants his members to side with him in opposition. And he doesn’t think it will be difficult to get them to go along. 
“It’s not hard these days,” Schumer said. “We’re doing very well. And [Gorsuch] helped us by being poor with his hearings.”
Seung Min Kim contributed to this report. 



ARTICLE
Republican operatives on Thursday tried again to connect the upstart protest group Indivisible to George Soros, posting video they claim ties the group to the liberal mega-donor.
The Need to Know Network, a news-aggregation website linked to the conservative political action committee America Rising, released a video of Indivisible co-founders Ezra Levin and Leah Greenberg attending the spring donor summit of the Democracy Alliance, a liberal donors' club that counts Soros as a key member.
Story Continued Below
The White House and conservative groups have accused protesters against President Donald Trump and GOP lawmakers — a significant number of them organized under the Indivisible banner — as being paid by Soros' network rather than being an organic force.
"The video deals a major blow to Indivisible’s claim of being a 'grassroots advocacy' movement," Need to Know claimed in a release sent out to America Rising's email list. "Contrary to a bottom-up, people-inspired movement, Indivisible’s leaders are instead meeting with bigwig Democrat donors in the bar of a swanky D.C. hotel."
Founded in the wake of Trump's victory by former Democratic congressional aides who penned a handbook for resisting his agenda, Indivisible has quickly grown to become a sprawling, decentralized network of local groups known for attending town halls and publicly bird-dogging members of Congress. The group's members largely demonstrate against Republicans but have also made their presence known at some Democratic events and offices.
Levin, who serves as Indivisible's executive director, said in an interview that the group has not received money from Soros or his Open Society Foundation. Of the money the group has raised so far, he said, "the large majority" comes from donations collected using the liberal funding platform ActBlue.
"There is not only a slight amount of anti-Semitic innuendo involved in casting George Soros as the bogeyman," said Levin, who added that conservatives are seeking scapegoats for the failure to hold a House vote to repeal Obamacare Thursday.
"The reason the House vote today is being delayed is not because somebody is pulling strings," he said. "People throughout the country are going to congresspersons’ offices and making calls."



ARTICLE
“The closer,” it turns out, needs extra innings.
After a frenetic 48 hours of Oval Office lobbying sessions, closed-door talks in the Cabinet room and shuttle diplomacy on both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue, President Donald Trump and Speaker Paul Ryan pulled the plug Thursday on a scheduled vote on their health care legislation after falling short of the support needed for passage.
Story Continued Below
Conservative House hardliners would not budge on their demanded concessions. Moderate Republicans grew skittish of the new proposed changes. And, as the morning turned to afternoon without an accord on final legislative language, Republicans fretted about the optics of jamming the far-reaching bill through in the middle of the night.
White House Budget Director Mick Mulvaney told GOP lawmakers late Thursday that Trump is demanding a vote Friday in the House on the Republican plan to repeal and replace Obamacare. If the bill fails, Trump is prepared to move on and leave Obamacare in place, Mulvaney warned.
Mulvaney made his surprise announcement — with the full support of Ryan and other House GOP leaders — during a closed-door meeting of Republicans Thursday evening in the basement of the Capitol.
The White House had earlier pushed aggressively to hold the vote Thursday. Trump, who has staked his reputation as a consummate dealmaker on getting the bill through, was telling reporters "today the House is voting to repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare" minutes before House leadership canceled the vote.
But it was clear that he was struggling to get his fellow Republicans to yes.
"I'm not going to make it too long, because I have to get votes," Trump told a group of truckers who were at the White House Thursday afternoon. "I don't want to spend too much time with you. I'm going to lose by one vote and then I'm going to blame the truckers."
The final straw for a Thursday deal was a lengthy White House meeting between Trump, his top lieutenants and the hardliner House Freedom Caucus, a group of conservatives who have pushed to strip requirements that insurance companies provide standard benefits such as maternity care in coverage plans.
They couldn’t reach a deal, forcing the White House into a one-by-one effort to turn votes that one senior administration official described as “grinding.”
“Member by member, that’s how they're going to vote," said White House spokesman Sean Spicer said on Thursday, a day after describing the president as “the closer.”
Most Republicans appeared comfortable with the delay, taking the lumps of a single negative news cycle, so long as the legislation eventually passes. But some worried that if Trump can’t muscle the first major bill he’s backed through a single chamber in a Republican-controlled Congress, it could devastate his agenda and weaken his authority moving forward.
“This is a reputational deal,” said Scott Reed, the chief strategist for the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. “We have a lot riding on this.”
“It's a black eye for the speaker and the president if it doesn't pass,” Reed added. Failure would be “buzzkill in terms of moving forward with a real reform agenda to grow the economy.”
Negotiations on the bill were expected to continue into the night on Thursday. 
The Tuesday Group, a bloc of Republican moderates, met with Trump on Thursday evening. While the Tuesday Group is bigger than the Freedom Caucus, most plan to vote for the AHCA, and its members have historically proved far more likely to cast tough votes with the Republican leadership. The Freedom Caucus, a creation of the Obama years, rose almost entirely to block legislation, not pass it.
Most of Trump’s senior team, including Vice President Mike Pence, Health and Human Service Secretary Tom Price, Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney, chief of staff Reince Priebus, chief strategist Steve Bannon and counselor Kellyanne Conway attended the Freedom Caucus negotiating session. Absent from the proceedings was senior adviser Jared Kushner, who’s vacationing with his wife, Ivanka Trump, and their children in Aspen, Colorado.
Trump himself has not been overly invested in the policy particulars of the health care legislation, and he decided to adopt a bill drafted by Ryan as his own. Trump famously described his health plan on the campaign trail as “repeal and replace — with something terrific” but he is now caught in the middle of an ideological tug-of-war within the Republican Party. He spent part of Thursday afternoon outside the White House with trucking officials, climbing behind the wheel of a big-rig, blowing the horn and pretending to drive off. 
Spicer said there is “a little bit of a balancing act that goes on” and that lawmakers have “disparate desires.”
There’s already some finger-pointing as the legislation has stalled.
Chris Ruddy, the head of Newsmax and a close friend of Trump’s, said of the legislation crafted by Ryan was flawed from the start.
“He got delivered a damaged bill of goods,” Ruddy complained.
Some Republicans were complaining that Trump was doing too much to bring along House hardliners, endangering the chances that the final bill could pass in the more moderate Senate; others blamed aides for not doing enough.
One GOP aide was frustrated Trump was negotiating directly with the House Freedom Caucus given "they're the ones trying to stop us from getting this passed." And a GOP lawmaker said some in the House were annoyed because Trump couldn't talk specifics on the law -- "and just wanted to talk about the politics."
A senior White House official, meanwhile, said the negotiations were difficult because the Freedom Caucus members are clashing with House leadership, leaving the president and his team — particularly Bannon, who has been closely involved in negotiations—stuck in the middle. By late Thursday, Bannon and members of the Freedom Caucus were all in Ryan's office.
At the same time, two Hill Republicans involved in the negotiations complained that Paul Teller, a Trump legislative aide with deep ties to the conservative movement, wasn’t doing enough to move far-right votes. "He's a conservative first," said one. Teller, a former chief of staff to Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas), has been a key conduit bringing conservatives to the White House.
Rep. Mark Meadows, the head of the Freedom Caucus, praised Trump’s willingness to negotiate directly with his members, often by marginalized by the House GOP leaders, and dismissed the planned vote Thursday as an “artificial deadline.”
“I would say that, at this point, the president's engagement is unparalleled,” he said.
The Freedom Caucus continues to make new demands, said the senior White House official, though the administration isn't planning further changes. "It will make the bill totally unworkable in the Senate," this person said. 
As it is, many key conservative groups have lined up against the bill, including Heritage Action, the Club for Growth and the political network of the Koch brothers, which has pledged financial support to lawmakers who oppose the legislation.
“At the end of the day,” Spicer said, “we can’t make people vote.”
Rachael Bade, Kyle Cheney, and Madeline Conway contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
A federal appeals court has set arguments for May 8 on the validity of a key aspect of President Donald Trump’s revised travel ban executive order.
 However, the 4th Circuit Court of Appeals signaled Thursday that it could rule even sooner on the federal government’s request for a stay of a Maryland-based federal district court judge’s order halting the Trump directive’s ban on issuance of visas to six Muslim-majority countries.
Story Continued Below
 The Richmond-based appeals court set a schedule to complete filings on the Trump administration’s stay request by April 5, suggesting that a ruling on that could come early next month.
 Even if the 4th Circuit gives Trump the green light to proceed with his revised travel ban order, he faces other legal obstacles. A federal judge in Hawaii blocked two full sections of the order, including the visa limits, a 120-day suspension of refugee admissions to the U.S. from around the globe, and some studies the president directed on vetting of visitors to the U.S.
 The Justice Department has not yet appealed that ruling. Instead, federal government lawyers appear to be moving forward with another round of legal proceedings in the Hawaii court.
 The Maryland suit was brought by refugee assistance organizations and several individuals, while the Hawaii litigation was filed by the State of Hawaii and the imam of a local Muslim association.
 Cases are also pending in several other jurisdictions across the country, with at least one judge presently mulling a request for a preliminary injunction blocking Trump’s revised executive order in its entirety.
 The federal government asked the 4th Circuit to consider the stay request and the merits of the appeal in parallel, but the refugee groups opposed that request, saying the stay issue should be teed up first. The appeals court appears to have sided with the groups on that point, although the expedited schedule for the stay was granted on the schedule the government proposed.



ARTICLE
House Republican leaders scrambling to buck up wavering members had portrayed the vote as the only shot to eliminate the GOP’s longtime boogeyman — and as an essential show of support for President Donald Trump.
But in fact, they have several options to salvage the repeal effort after they couldn't muster 215 votes on Thursday. Here are a half dozen:
Story Continued Below
Delay the vote longer
The most straightforward thing is for leaders to punt. The vote has already been delayed at least until Friday and it could be put off longer.
A delay isn't necessarily costly, beyond the bad optics and robbing the GOP of the opportunity to strike a blow against Obamacare on the seventh anniversary of its passage. A postponement could buy Speaker Paul Ryan and the Trump administration some breathing room if they think they’re close to a deal with the two dozen or so House Freedom Caucus members still opposed to the bill — or with some moderates who could still be swayed into the “yes” column. 
The caucus chairman, Mark Meadows, hinted Thursday that a compromise could still be in reach, even as the group continues pushing to scrap additional Obamacare insurance regulations in its zeal to repeal the entire law.
"We've made very reasonable requests and we're hopeful that those reasonable requests will be listened to and ultimately agreed to," Meadows said Thursday. “I hope we’ll negotiate in good faith and get to a vote by 7 p.m. today."
Keep changing the bill
House Republicans swore they were done rewriting the repeal bill to buy off holdouts earlier this week. But they could open the process back up to eliminate Obamacare’s provision requiring health plans to cover minimum benefits — a concession aimed at winning over members on the right. 
Doing so could encourage the Freedom Caucus to press for even bigger concessions — say, stripping out additional consumer protections, including the hugely popular one requiring insurers to cover individuals with preexisting conditions. 
Overhauling the bill would be a risky play, both politically and procedurally. Moving the bill further right would further alienate the 50 or so members of the centrist Tuesday Group, already rattled about the prospect of leaving millions more Americans uninsured. Roughly a dozen more moderate lawmakers have already committed to opposing the bill.
And then, there’s the Senate’s pesky Byrd rule, which limits what Republicans can stuff into a reconciliation bill and still comply with that chamber’s tough procedural requirements. GOP leaders warn they can’t kill more of Obamacare without violating those standards and sacrificing their chance to pass repeal with a simple majority. Even stripping out the essential health benefits might not make it past the Senate’s parliamentarian, who makes the ultimate call on whether a provision is permissible.
“Senate Democrats were told in 2010 they couldn’t amend essential benefits or insurance regulations in reconciliation,” said Edward Lorenzen, a senior adviser at the Center for a Responsible Federal Budget.
Even if such changes make it through, there’s no guarantee they’ll survive on the Senate floor. Democrats have pledged to challenge every provision they think might violate the Byrd rule in a bid to force Republicans to remove it from the legislation.
“They’ve been told it’s not going to be fatal,” Lorenzen said of Republicans’ plan to strip out Obamacare’s essential health benefits. “I think it’s much less clear whether it would survive a Byrd rule challenge.”
Force a showdown
Nothing focuses the mind more than a pressure-packed vote. Especially a lengthy one. Republican leaders could exercise the ultimate power play on their unruly members and call for a vote, betting enough of the wavering lawmakers will crumble. The high-stakes move would force the naysayers to back up their bluster or risk being seen as an impediment to the president’s first-term agenda.
“This is the most important vote we’ll ever cast,” Chris Collins (R-N.Y.) said. “If this goes down, we don’t get tax reform — we can’t move forward. We don’t get infrastructure. We got nothing.”
The White House is delivering the same message, threatening skeptics with the prospect of a primary challenge in 2018. And key Republican leaders are confident that pressure will eventually weaken the holdouts. Old-timers recall the 2003 vote on the Medicare prescription drug benefit, during which leaders held open the vote for almost three hours while a whip team blocked all the exits from the House floor until they had twisted enough arms.
The problem is that there’s no readily available fallback plan if the leaders fail. And it would be difficult to reestablish credibility to push other pieces of Trump's agenda after a humiliating loss.
Admit failure, go back to the drawing board
Tweaking the repeal bill to please both Republican moderates and conservatives could well prove too difficult a needle to thread — especially as the needle seems to keep moving. If that’s the case, GOP leaders may end up swallowing their pride and scrapping the legislation altogether. 
That dramatic decision would effectively restart the legislative sausage-making and raise the prospect of a smaller, more manageable bill that could win broader support in both chambers — even if it doesn’t accomplish everything Republicans hoped. 
The upside of that approach is it allows the GOP to move on to tax reform and other agenda items without totally blowing past the repeal of Obamacare. But it’s unclear whether that strategy would sit well with recalcitrant conservatives and their supporters. And it would almost certainly become a midterm campaign issue since Republicans have been promising voters to scrap Obamacare for so many years.
Do something bipartisan
This is, admittedly, the least likely option. But for years, Democrats said they’d be willing to work on bipartisan fixes to Obamacare. If the reconciliation route fails, Republicans could call them on that. 
Yet the debate over the repeal bill is the latest sign that Republicans and Democrats are miles apart on health care, and there’s little indication the two parties can bridge that gap anytime soon. In a floor speech Thursday, Lloyd Doggett (D-Texas) trashed Republicans’ work on health care, calling their efforts not just a “crumbling and destruction of health care, but also a crumbling of our democracy.”
Do nothing and blame the Democrats
Trump said it himself just weeks ago: “I say to Republicans, if you really want to do something good, don’t do anything. … Let it be a disaster.” 
Republicans could shelve their quest to overhaul the health care system, hope Obamacare premiums keep spiking and insurers keep fleeing marketplaces and bet they won’t pay the political price in 2018. Trump has already expressed his misgivings about taking ownership of health reform, and privately assured conservative groups that he can pin the whole mess on Democrats if the repeal effort fails. 
That’d be a big gamble; Republicans would be giving up on reforming a system they’ve railed against for years. But if the GOP tries and fails to get legislation through the House, it may start to look like the best of their bad options. 
Jennifer Haberkorn and Paul Demko contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
The White House continues to voice confidence that the embattled Obamacare repeal bill will pass the House — but wants to make sure you don’t go blaming President Donald Trump if it doesn’t.
The prospect of failure grew Thursday afternoon when a planned evening vote was postponed, a stark indication that Republicans have yet to find the votes to push the long-promised legislation over the top.
Story Continued Below
Soon after Trump concluded a meeting with the hard-line House Freedom Caucus earlier on Thursday — one that resulted in “no deal,” according to the group’s chairman — press secretary Sean Spicer strode to the White House podium to update the nation on the most consequential day of Trump’s nascent presidency so far. On Capitol Hill, meanwhile, Republican leaders continued to hunt for the necessary votes to push the bill to passage.
The vote will happen tonight, Spicer predicted. There is no backup plan, he insisted. And the result, he said, would be a victory for the deal-maker-in-chief.
Shortly after the briefing ended, news broke on the Hill that the vote would be delayed.
“It’s gonna pass, so that’s it,” Spicer declared during his briefing. It was the type of bravado Trump and his White House are known for, and they have shown before that they can back it up, from their polls-defying confidence in an election win and some of the presidency’s early fights. Spicer, for example, expressed “100 percent” confidence that Education Secretary Betsy DeVos would make it through the Senate even after two Republicans bailed, and sure enough she survived an unprecedented vote that required Vice President Mike Pence to break the tie.
But when faced with the prospect of the bill’s failure, and whether Trump should take responsibility if the American Health Care Act goes down in flames, Spicer’s confidence seemed to waver. 
“Let’s get to the vote tonight,” Spicer said. “I think the president has done a phenomenal job. There’s no question, I think, when you look at the effort that he’s put in, the number of meetings that he’s had and the changes that have been [made] to the bill, there’s no question how hard the president and his team, the vice president, have worked to get this done.” 
“At the end of the day,” he added quickly, “we can’t force somebody to vote.” 
He praised Trump’s negotiating skills and argued momentum was in the bill’s favor, and even seemed to levy something of a dare to fellow Republicans who may be considering defying the president.
“The president’s made very clear that Republicans in particular have made a commitment to constituents, to the American people, that if given the opportunity to have a Republican president, a Republican Senate and a Republican House, that they would enact repeal and replace,” he said. “He believes, as he mentioned during when he met with the House conference, as he mentioned when he met with members of the Freedom Caucus today, and I think in several meetings, that this is something that we’ve talked about. You’ve taken a bunch of these free votes when it didn’t matter because you didn’t have a Republican president, and you got to vote for repeal and go back and tell your constituents something like 50 times. Well, this is a live ball now. And this is for real. And we’re going to do what we pledged to the American people and keep our word.” 
The reality for Republicans on the Hill may be more complicated, however. A poll out Thursday showed 56 percent of voters opposing the legislation, and only 17 percent supporting it. And Trump’s own sagging approval ratings leave him with less leverage as he tries to win over wavering moderates who are afraid a yes vote could cost them their seat, or hard-line conservatives who are confident their constituents will understand that they are trying to hold out for a more conservative bill.
The prospect of failure is real, and Trump’s window to avert it seemed to be closing Thursday afternoon.
Pressed multiple times on whether Trump would accept responsibility if the first major test of his presidency results in defeat, Spicer demurred. In the end, the president has done what he can, he seemed to argue.
Asked again later if Trump would take responsibility for a failure, Spicer responded: “I mean, in what way?” 
“At the end of the day,” he repeated, “we can’t make people vote.” 



ARTICLE
Former Vice President Joe Biden sided with Republican Sen. John McCain on Thursday in calling for a select committee to investigate possible collusion between President Donald Trump’s associates and Russian officials during the presidential campaign.
Devin Nunes, chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, apologized to committee members earlier Thursday for announcing at a news conference Wednesday that members of the Trump transition team were inadvertently intercepted by U.S. intelligence agencies after the election.
Story Continued Below
Nunes, who had advised Trump's transition, went on to brief Trump on the new information on Wednesday, which members of the House intelligence panel have yet to see.
“Checks & balances?” Biden tweeted Thursday afternoon. “Chair of cmte investigating WH can't share info w/ WH. McCain is right: Need select committee!”
In an interview Thursday morning with “Today” on NBC, McCain said he had never seen anything like what Nunes did, noting the “good working relationship” between the chairman and ranking member on the Senate Intelligence Committee.
Nunes’ actions, according to the Arizona Republican, were “very disturbing.” Asked whether Nunes has damaged his credibility to the point where he can no longer lead an impartial investigation, McCain said it is not for him to say.
“I can’t make that decision. That’s up to the leadership of the House. It’s up to the House of Representatives,” he said. “I can say that there’s so many moving parts here, including the latest news this morning, that supposedly there was coordination between the Trump campaign and the Russians, for which I’ve seen no substantiation, but it continues on and on and on, that that’s the reason why we need a select committee to clear this whole issue up.”
“I’m sorry to see what’s happened over there,” he said, referring to the House panel.
Democrats, including House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, House Intelligence Committee ranking member Adam Schiff and panel member Eric Swalwell, have also called for an independent investigation.



ARTICLE
White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Thursday he still expects a House vote late Thursday on legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare, even as Republican Party leaders struggle to shore up enough support for the bill.
Despite the last-minute scramble, Spicer remained confident that GOP leaders would find the votes, telling reporters, “It's going to pass. So that's it.” Echoing statements he made a day earlier, the press secretary said there is no plan B should the health care bill fail in the House.
Story Continued Below
A White House meeting midday Thursday with the House Freedom Caucus, members of which have opposed the bill because it does not go far enough in undoing certain Obamacare provisions, ended without a deal to secure their support for the repeal bill.
Concessions on requirements that currently mandate that insurers provide certain health benefits, intended to win over conservatives, have instead prompted some more moderate Republican House members to oppose the bill without locking in support from the Freedom Caucus. Spicer acknowledged that President Donald Trump is in the process of a “balancing act” in meeting the demands of his own party.
Still, Spicer said “nothing leads me to believe that” the House vote scheduled for Thursday on the repeal-and-replace legislation would not occur, although he noted that such a decision would be up to House Speaker Paul Ryan and House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy. Without offering specifics, Spicer said the Thursday meeting with the Freedom Caucus had yielded more support for the bill.
“We’ve continued to make progress every day. We walked out with more members in support of the American Health Care Act today than we started the day with,” he said. “And I continue to see that number climb hour by hour. And I anticipate that we will get there.”
Even with support for the bill draining among moderates, including Rep. Charlie Dent (R-Pa.), the co-chairman of the moderate Tuesday Group, Spicer claimed that “we're not seeing people fall off. We're seeing people come on board. That's a great trajectory to have, and so I like where we're headed.”



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump is demanding a vote Friday in the House on the Republican plan to repeal and replace Obamacare, White House budget director Mick Mulvaney told GOP lawmakers. If the bill fails, Trump is prepared to move on and leave Obamacare in place, Mulvaney warned.
The surprise announcement by the top White House official — made with the full support of Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) and other House GOP leaders — came during a closed-door meeting of Republicans Thursday evening in the basement of the Capitol.
Story Continued Below
Mulvaney, a member of the House until a few weeks ago who now heads the Office of Management and Budget, said Trump was done negotiating and wanted an up-or-down vote now.
The move by Trump and Ryan is an enormous gamble, setting up a real cliffhanger when the legislation hits the floor on Friday.
All day Thursday, the White House and GOP leaders lacked the votes to pass the American Health Care Act. A loss on the House floor would be a glaring embarrassment for the new president and House speaker — one that could undermine other parts of the GOP legislative agenda, including tax reform. 
A victory, on the other hand, would provide not just a shot of badly-needed momentum for both men, but undermine the House Freedom Caucus, the group of conservative hard-liners who've fought the GOP health care plan because it doesn't go far enough. 
The group's opposition was seen as a public rebuke to both the White House and House GOP leadership. If the the Freedom Caucus loses to Trump and Ryan, its power will be curtailed. If it wins, the group will once again be able to dictate terms to party leaders.
Yet this is the showdown that many mainstream GOP rank-and-file members have sought. They want a fight out in the open with the Freedom Caucus — either the group votes against Trump, or it gives in.
Negotiations between Trump and the Freedom Caucus hit an impasse earlier Thursday its members were told recent concessions from the White House and GOP leadership represented a final offer. The group rejected that, wanting more. 
The setbacks triggered another series of meetings later Thursday — between Trump and the moderate Tuesday Group, and separately between the Freedom Caucus and Ryan. That was followed by a full GOP Conference meeting where Trump played his trump card.
Trump and Ryan had found themselves playing see-saw with moderates and hard-liners: Lean too much toward one faction and they lose votes from the other. So far, they've been unable to find a sweet spot.
Ryan can afford to lose only 22 votes on the floor. The Freedom Caucus has three dozen members, many of whom have vowed to block the bill unless they get what they want. More than a dozen centrist Republicans have also come out against the bill, further endangering its prospects.
But the Trump-Ryan gambit may pay off. Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows (R-N.C.) said the move by Trump and Ryan “certainly does” put enormous pressure on the Freedom Caucus to get behind the bill. And already a handful sounded like their positions were softer than they had been before.
Rep. Trent Franks (R-Ariz.), who said he remains undecided, added that efforts by the Freedom Caucus had “improved the bill.” Rep. Mark Sanford (R-S.C.) said members will feel more pressure to vote "yes" with the bill on the floor, even if they may have felt comfortable opposing it before. Sanford said he was undecided. 
Rep. Scott DesJarlais (R-Tenn.) was a "no" but is now undecided. 
"I've got to decide whether this is best for my district and best for the president and best for my country. And I'm not convinced it will bend the cost curve down... but it may be as good as it gets on this one," DesJarlais said.
“We get elected to make votes, and this is a big vote,” added Rep. Joe Barton (R-Texas), a Freedom Caucus member who supports the bill and called it “the right thing to do.” 
“I think it passes," he added.
GOP Rep. Tom Reed (R-N.Y.) said Mulvaney "put it completely in focus. The moment is now. Do we advance the cause so we can move forward and move on and accomplish what we said we would and repeal and replace Obamacare ... and also tax reform? It's a major test, and we're gonna pass that test tomorrow."
"If we vote it down, we will neuter Donald Trump's presidency ... We are not going to undermine the president's ability to get things done,” Rep. Dana Rohrabacher told reporters after the meeting.
A senior administration official in the room for the Freedom Caucus meeting at the White House said most members left the meeting as "no's" but suggested some flipped to "yes." While Trump did not go around the room and ask people how they would vote, it became immediately clear GOP leaders did not appear to win over enough members to put the measure over the top.
"We're down right now," the official said.
Freedom Caucus chairman Mark Meadows (R-N.C.) told reporters in the Capitol Thursday afternoon that "we have not gotten enough of our members to get to yes at this point. … However, I would say progress is being made." He called Trump's engagement in the negotiations perhaps "unparalleled in the history of our country."
There were daunting obstacles to a deal heading into the White House meeting Thursday morning. A number of Freedom Caucus members had suggested Trump’s latest concession — repealing Obamacare's mandate that insurance plans provide a minimum level of "essential" benefits — wasn't enough. The group wants a complete repeal of all Affordable Care Act regulations — including popular provisions Trump promised he would maintain. 
The conservatives' target list encompasses a prohibition against discriminating against people with pre-existing conditions and a requirement that adults up to age 26 can remain on their parents’ health insurance. 
“Repealing [essential health benefits], w/out making other substantial changes, would make the bill worse, not better,” tweeted Freedom Caucus member Justin Amash (R-Mich.). “It would hurt the sickest people on exchanges.”
The Freedom Caucus has been a constant thorn in the side of House GOP leadership, sinking bills its members believe were too accommodating to Democrats. The group was expected to fall in line behind Trump after he won, but it has refused to do so on the health care bill.
Now, Freedom Caucus members are threatening to trip up not John Boehner or Ryan, but a Republican commander-in-chief who remains highly popular in their districts.
Many House Republicans are furious with the Freedom Caucus, saying the group keeps moving the goal posts and that it really wants to sink the health care bill altogether.
“The president is good at negotiating, but he has to have someone who wants to get to yes,” Rep. Mike Kelly (R-Pa.), an ardent Trump supporter, told POLITICO. “I was never able to sell a car or a truck to someone who didn’t want a car or a truck. It just doesn’t work. And that’s where we are right now. I don’t think they’re really interested in getting to an ‘end.’”
Kelly then added: “Maybe the ‘end’ is: making sure it doesn’t pass.”
Jake Sherman and John Bresnahan contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump and GOP leaders are asking House Republicans to take a leap of faith on health care — but not every member will be able to parachute into a safe district afterward.
The GOP health care bill and its scheduled Thursday vote invite political peril from all directions, against both House Republicans who support it and those who will oppose it. Conservative groups that believe the Obamacare-repeal legislation doesn’t go far enough are threatening moderates. Trump and some mainstream Republican backers are threatening payback against conservatives who break from the right. And Democrats, wielding projections about insurance coverage losses and rising premiums for older customers, want to hammer the GOP as a whole in the 2018 midterm elections.
Story Continued Below
No matter the outcome, there are several Republicans whose jobs may be in jeopardy depending on how they vote. Here’s seven lawmakers (and the colleagues like them) to watch as the House vote comes down to the wire:
North Carolina Rep. Mark Meadows: the Trump target
Trump directly called out Meadows during a meeting with the Republican conference on Tuesday, pointing at the House Freedom Caucus chairman and declaring: “Mark, I’m gonna come after you.”
White House press secretary Sean Spicer later said the president was joking, but Meadows and fellow Freedom Caucus opponents of the GOP bill are obvious targets if Trump does decide to punish members who don’t back him on this vote. Trump’s approval rating among Republicans is stratospheric, and he is more popular in a lot of Republican congressional districts than the incumbents.
Groups set up to promote Trump’s agenda are plagued by infighting. (“If these guys can get their act together — and that’s a big if — they could make an example out of one of these conservatives,” one top Republican strategist said.) But Trump’s celebrity and influence within the GOP is such that even a few stray tweets could invite primary challengers and help direct money against some sitting House members.
Virginia Rep. Barbara Comstock: the battleground moderate
Comstock has frustrated Democrats by holding down a district that Hillary Clinton carried easily in 2016. She has broken with Trump before, calling for him to drop out of the presidential race last October after Trump’s lewd “Access Hollywood” tape was published. She and colleagues like Colorado’s Mike Coffman are at the top of every DCCC target list for 2018. 
But they won in 2016 by running far ahead of Trump in their districts. Now, they are stuck between passing on an opportunity to repeal Obamacare, a longtime GOP campaign promise, or inviting Democratic attack ads about voting with Trump and causing people to lose health insurance. It will be yet another test for the House members like Comstock who have to defend battleground districts on shifting political terrain every year.
Comstock has not made a decision on the GOP health care bill yet, and American Action Network — a Republican nonprofit tied to House leadership — has run ads thanking her for her efforts on health care, part of a $10 million-plus effort to build support for the bill.
New York Rep. John Katko: damned if you do, damned if you don’t
When Democrats passed Obamacare in 2010, 34 mostly conservative and moderate party members voted against the bill. More than half of them ended up losing reelection in 2010 anyway.
That’s a chilling reminder for vulnerable Republicans like Katko, who won reelection by a wide margin in 2016 but nevertheless is a top DCCC target again, who are considering voting against the bill — one that supporters are trying to leverage to win their votes.
“If you vote against it, there’s zero political gain. Democrats aren’t going to thank you for your vote and they will attack you anyway,” said Corry Bliss, the executive director of American Action Network.
New Jersey Rep. Leonard Lance: squeezed from both sides
Lance received just 54 percent of the vote in his GOP primaries in both 2014 and 2016. Lance won his general election last year with 54 percent of the vote against a Democratic challenger who raised just $300,000, even as Trump lost his district. 
The thin margins mean Lance, who has repeatedly said he is leaning against the bill, could face an energized conservative base in the primary. The conservative-leaning Club for Growth, which often supports right-wing primary challengers, is currently pounding Lance’s district with a television ad telling him to “reject Ryancare.”
But a vote for the GOP Obamacare repeal could also spur Lance’s first well-funded Democratic opponent ever. 
California Rep. Jeff Denham: the highest health insurance stakes
Denham is one of two vulnerable Republicans in California’s Central Valley who have been electoral survivors in the past. But they face an unusually big problem with the health care bill, which would affect high numbers of Medicaid users and recipients of tax credits under Obamacare.
The liberal Center for American Progress estimates 83,700 people would lose health insurance coverage by 2026 in Denham’s agriculture-heavy district under the bill. Fellow GOP Rep. David Valadao’s district would see 87,700 coverage losses, according to the CAP analysis — the second-highest number for any GOP-held district in the nation.
Both congressmen are publicly undecided. Rob Stutzman, a California-based GOP consultant, said Valadao and Denham are caught in between promising their bases a repeal of Obamacare and the reality that tens of thousands of people in their district would lose coverage.
“It’s precarious. But it’s precarious if they don’t support something,” said Stutzman. “Members like this have to consider the dangers of not acting.” 
New York Rep. John Faso: the “Buffalo Buyout”
Buffalo-area Rep. Chris Collins negotiated a deal with leadership to force New York State to pick up Medicaid costs previously paid by small counties upstate. The deal won the support of wavering upstate Republicans like Faso, fellow freshman Rep. Claudia Tenney, and Rep. Elise Stefanik. It also infuriated Democrats including Gov. Andrew Cuomo, who said congressional Republicans had “declared war on New York,” which has multiple battleground House races every year.
E. O’Brien Murray, a GOP consultant in New York State, predicted constituents would reward their representatives for lowering property tax bills. “They’ve found a way to bring more money home to their counties and constituents,” he said. Faso’s office noted he won his seat last election while campaigning on the Medicaid change. 
But Democrats like former Nebraska Sen. Ben Nelson tried to carve out similar gains for their states during the Obamacare negotiations of 2010 — and rather than reward them for bringing home special perks, constituents criticized them for being on the wrong side of a controversial national issue. This year, a Buffalo News editorial didn’t welcome the change: “It’s blood money. New York’s members of Congress should reject it,” the newspaper wrote. 
Florida Rep. Carlos Curbelo: the oldest constituents
Independent analysts have found the legislation would drastically increase insurance costs for people over age 50, and tax cuts included in the bill would shorten the life of the Medicare trust fund. That could be especially important in retiree-heavy Florida, where 32 percent of the population is above 55 years old and forms an important part of the GOP base.
“There’s a cardinal rule of politics: Don’t piss off the people who vote,” said Jesse Ferguson, a Democratic strategist who directed House Democrats’ independent advertising unit in 2014. “And Republicans have written a health care bill that makes older Americans the biggest losers.”
Curbelo said changes to the law meant to give more tax credits to older Americans were “encouraging.” 
While Curbelo and fellow Miami-area Republican Rep. Mario Diaz-Balart have said they may still vote against the legislation, they have already backed the proposal in committee, giving Democratic opponents fuel to attack them for supporting the proposals.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s presidency has been good for business, with a soaring stock market, a freeze on new regulations and an Oval Office that appears to have an open door for CEOs. But Trump has been especially good news for the industries in which he has a personal interest: real estate, construction, entertainment, hospitality, gambling and, of course, golf. 
Since taking office in January, Trump has made moves — from rolling back water quality permits to signaling big changes on overtime pay and internet betting — that benefit the fields he knows best. And his former peers — partners and competitors alike — are finding familiar faces in Trump’s White House and Cabinet agencies, who have the power to make even more of their wish lists come true.
Story Continued Below
High on Trump’s list of early executive orders was one signed in February that begins reversing an Obama-era rule that gave federal protection to rivers, streams and wetlands — a big win for golf course owners and superintendents who say the rule forced more paperwork and made them unfairly susceptible to environmental fines. The president owns a dozen U.S. courses and has spent considerable time on his links during his weekends away from the White House.
“This is the first time a president of the United States is someone so familiar with private clubs,” said Henry Wallmeyer, president and CEO of the National Club Association, the trade group for private clubs. “That’s a unique circumstance.”
Wallmeyer credited Trump for his moves to unravel the Obama water rule and welcomed the White House push to repeal the Affordable Care Act and its employer-sponsored health coverage requirements. “It’s what we’d hoped to see from this administration,” he said.
Golf course managers and private club owners are also among the groups watching to see whether the Justice Department will let stand a federal court injunction issued last November halting implementation of an Obama-era Labor Department overtime rule. The Trump White House has already frozen the regulation, and Labor Secretary nominee Alexander Acosta testified during his Senate confirmation hearing on Wednesday that he had “serious questions” about whether the department even held the authority to increase the overtime salary beyond the rate of inflation.
Other industries with ties to Trump say they’re bullish on the new administration, too. The Associated General Contractors of America released an industry survey before the inauguration that found three out of four construction firms expected to increase their payrolls this year because of Trump’s policies.
“President Trump’s approach to construction is very much in line with where our members are,” said the group’s CEO, Stephen Sandherr.
The real estate law firm Seyfarth Shaw, which represents the Trump Organization, published a survey last month showing two-thirds of the commercial real estate market expected a positive effect from the Republican president thanks to his push for deregulation, tax reform and the dismantling of the Dodd-Frank consumer protection law.
“From a real estate perspective, we’ve never had a president that will understand our issues like he does,” explained William Brown, president of The National Association of Realtors, which represents both residential and commercial real estate.
While Trump has feuded with Hollywood and some of its most prominent stars, the entertainment industry is also expecting to fare well with a president who knows their business model. Several industry sources predicted the new administration would take its side when it comes to contentious issues like intellectual property rights and maintaining tax provisions that protect movie studios when they make a clunker.
“He understands what it’s like to have a brand and wants to protect it,” said a Washington-based entertainment industry lobbyist.
Trump has also surrounded himself with people whose business experience mirrors his own. A POLITICO review of the people in Trump’s administration found more than a dozen senior officials with ties to the industries Trump knows best.
That starts at the top with his son-in-law and senior aide Jared Kushner, whose family runs a prominent New York real estate investment business. Real estate is well represented throughout the West Wing: Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney worked in his family’s real estate business before running for political office; Reed Cordish, the president’s intragovernmental and technology initiatives director, is a prominent Baltimore real estate developer; and Chris Liddell, the president’s strategic initiatives director, previously served as CFO at the entertainment talent agency William Morris Endeavor.
Trump’s wing team also includes entertainment industry financiers Steve Bannon, now Trump’s top strategist, and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin.
Inside Trump’s Cabinet agencies are multiple staffers with experience in business areas the president knows, including Geoffrey Burr, the longtime chief lobbyist for the Associated Builders and Contractors who now works on the Labor Department beachhead team, and Transportation Department chief of staff Michael Britt previously worked for the gambling industry.
Team Trump also includes several outside advisers who are longtime professional associates of the president. That list includes Stephen Schwarzman, CEO of Blackstone, one of the world’s largest private equity real estate investment firms, who is now working as chair of the president’s strategy and policy forum; New York real estate investors Richard LeFrak and Steven Roth, who lead a White House infrastructure council; and Carl Icahn, a special adviser on regulation reform who heads a conglomerate with interests in real estate and gambling.
Hope Hicks, a senior White House aide who previously worked as a spokeswoman for the Trump Organization, said Trump has hired an “exceptional team with a diverse skill set and experiences that are helping the president implement his agenda and deliver on campaign promises.”
The news hasn’t been all good for the industries Trump is most closely associated with. Commercial real estate executives are bracing for a business slowdown as the Federal Reserve hikes interest rates, and Trump’s travel ban has generated significant press coverage drawing attention to the diminished demand among international business and personal travelers to the U.S.
Forced to play defense, some industry officials have been playing up their ties to the president’s business résumé to establish a stronger policy connection. “It’s our hope that because of his hospitality DNA strands that the administration will come around to welcoming legitimate travelers, but to this point that has not happened yet,” said Jonathan Grella, a spokesman for the U.S. Travel Association.
Realtors prepping for a major overhaul to the tax code said they are trying to land a meeting with the president to bring home the importance of keeping in place a nearly century-old provision that lets individual property owners, small businesses and major corporations defer their capital gains or losses by reinvesting their money.
“I’m sure he’s done it a couple hundred times,” the Realtors’ Brown said.
Casino interests, meantime, applauded when Jeff Sessions during his January confirmation hearings to be attorney general said he’d consider revisiting the Obama administration’s controversial interpretation of a federal law that permits states to allow online wagering.
But the American Gaming Association is on its heels after Trump’s Energy Department included $120 million in its budget request to help restart the licensing of the Yucca Mountain nuclear waste repository 90 miles from Las Vegas. Last December, the group issued a detailed memo of its policy asks — including blocking Yucca — that noted Trump’s history as a former casino owner who “understands many of the issues facing the industry.”
On Monday, the group’s government relations vice president, Whit Askew, wrote in an email to POLITICO that despite the Yucca line item in the budget proposal his organization “has been encouraged by the administration’s pro-business tone to promote jobs, growth and reinvestment.”
Ethics experts argue that the early spate of industry-friendly policy changes and personnel appointments amount to tangible evidence of the kinds of conflicts of interest that will keep coming up when a billionaire businessman is in the White House. They maintain that Trump should recuse himself on any decisions that affect the industries that his own company has a stake in.
“If it comes to the White House, it should be done by the vice president,” said Trevor Potter, president of the Campaign Legal Center and a former GOP chairman at the Federal Election Commission.
But industry officials with ties to Trump shrug off the conflict of interest complaints, arguing the president’s focus is on helping the wider U.S. economy and not specific businesses. “I think he comes with life experience where he’s been frustrated when he’s trying to create jobs and big projects,” said Sandherr of the contractors’ association. “Those are the eyes he’s looking through and not how can I take care of my buddies.”



ARTICLE
The Republican plan to replace Obamacare — backed vehemently by President Donald Trump and House Speaker Paul Ryan — continued to bleed support from moderate House members Thursday morning just hours before an expected vote.
An effort to woo conservatives, hatched late Wednesday, appeared to backfire with other factions in the House Republican Conference, and the growing rebellion threatens to derail Trump's guarantee that he will repeal and replace the seven-year-old health care law.
Story Continued Below
“After careful deliberation, I cannot support the bill and will oppose it,” Rep. Charlie Dent (R-Pa.) announced after he joined moderates for a two-hour meeting with Ryan and House leaders late Wednesday. “I believe this bill, in its current form, will lead to the loss of coverage and make insurance unaffordable for too many Americans, particularly for low-to-moderate income and older individuals.”
Defections continued Thursday, as Rep. Jaime Herrera Beutler (R-Wash.) declared her own opposition to the bill, the American Health Care Act. 
The fate of the bill appeared to hinge on a White House meeting Thursday between Trump and members of the hard-line conservative House Freedom Caucus, a bloc of about three dozen Republicans who have long threatened to tank the bill because of what they say are inadequate measures to repeal Obamacare and reduce health care premiums for constituents.
"If this goes down, we're all screwed," said one Republican lawmaker who requested anonymity.
The meeting appeared to be a last-ditch bid to win the support of conservatives, who failed to commit support for the bill despite winning a crucial concession a day earlier. Bowing to pressure from the Freedom Caucus, the White House pressed House leaders to gut minimum health insurance requirements imposed by Obamacare, a key demand of the GOP's right flank. But Freedom Caucus members demanded additional changes. They want to cut even more Obamacare regulations, including its popular provision requiring insurers to offer coverage for people with pre-existing conditions.
One senior House Republican lamented that House leaders had essentially ceded final negotiations on the health care bill to the White House.
"Every single part of this is being negotiated at the White House," said Rep. Pete Sessions of Texas. He added, "the White House — they’re the ones that know the art of the deal. I don’t yet. So I’m counting on them to put it together.”
Even if Trump can persuade most Freedom Caucus members to reverse course and back the bill, it's still in danger of failing. More than a dozen Republican House members outside the Freedom Caucus have taken positions against the bill. Because they expect no Democrats to back their measure, House leaders can afford to lose only 22 of their 237 members and still pass the bill.
Moderates were infuriated that the Freedom Caucus would not guarantee its support for the bill despite winning concessions, causing them to reconsider their own position.
“Obviously the Freedom Caucus has presented what it will take for them to get some yeses, and I think there are now members who will have to now evaluate things a little bit further,” said Rep. Ryan Costello (R-Pa.) after exiting the meeting in Ryan's office. 
A Thursday morning meeting of the full 237-member House Republican Conference was canceled at the last minute as members awaiting the outcome of a final meeting between the Freedom Caucus and Trump. The fate of the whole effort could hinge on Trump's ability to clinch an agreement with these hard-line members. 
In the marathon meeting with moderates Wednesday, Ryan laid out the changes to the bill that the White House negotiated with the Freedom Caucus. A source in the room said many attendees found the concessions to the right-wing caucus hard to swallow, especially because leadership told them Freedom Caucus members hadn’t yet promised to support the measure — even if they won the changes.
Moderates said they need to learn more about what the White House proposal would mean for their constituents and providers they represent. Many expressed worry that the leadership would force swing-district members to take a risky vote when the Senate would likely strip out the provision anyway because it might run afoul of the Senate's arcane rules. 
And some moderates were especially aghast that leadership couldn’t tell them how many votes this proposal would win them from the Freedom Caucus.
“Everybody’s frustrated,” said one lawmaker in the meeting. “Some moved; some stayed the same.”
When asked whether by “moved” he meant away from the bill, the source added: "Nobody goes closer to the bill on that one.”
Among the attendees: Ryan, Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.), Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-La.), Chief Deputy Majority Whip Patrick McHenry (R-N.C.) and Conference Chairwoman Cathy McMorris Rodgers (R-Wash.). 
Centrist and Tuesday Group attendees included Will Hurd (R-Texas), Elise Stefanik (R-N.Y.) Bill Johnson (R-Ohio), Adam Kinzinger (R-Ill.), Susan Brooks (R-Ind.), Rodney Frelinghuysen (R-N.J.), Charlie Dent (R-Pa.), Ryan Costello (R-Pa.), Martha McSally (R-Ariz.), Bruce Poliquin (R-Maine), David Joyce (R-Ohio), Carlos Curbelo (R-Fla.) and Pat Tiberi (R-Ohio). 
Trump and Ryan allies spent all day Wednesday attempting to build a fragile coalition in support of their proposal, and they appeared, at times, to be making inroads. House leaders, who still say they will bring the bill up for a vote Thursday, expressed optimism that they can still cobble together support to pass the bill. They’re hoping for another boost from Trump, who is expected to meet one-on-one with a slew of GOP holdouts throughout the day. He met with the Freedom Caucus on Thursday morning.
After a day of ferrying between the Capitol and the White House, conservatives secured a commitment from House leaders to consider a proposal that would eliminate Obamacare’s “essential health benefits” — a set of regulations that requires insurers to cover a broad array of benefits. Conservatives have argued that these requirements drove up the cost of health insurance and restricted consumer choice.
Yet after House leaders signaled they were open to that measure, Freedom Caucus members pushed for even more: a repeal of all the Obamacare regulations, including protections for people with pre-existing conditions — a nonstarter with most Republican lawmakers.
Even before the blow-up over the concession to conservatives, moderate GOP members began peeling off. 
Reps. Frank LoBiondo and Chris Smith of New Jersey both announced their opposition to the bill. So did Reps. Dan Donovan of New York and David Young of Iowa.
Sessions, who chairs the Rules Committee — the panel charged with making the final negotiated changes to the health care bill before it comes to the floor — said he's not sure whether Republicans are committing the same sins they accused Democrats of in 2010: making last-minute changes to get their health care plan through.
“My sin-level at this point is probably not something I’ve thought about. Getting this done to where we deliver a good product is where I am," Sessions said. 
But he added: "The sins of how you get there, how fast you are, do matter. It does matter that the public knows what we’re doing. The public needs to see and have confidence what we’re doing. I have to assure myself that that’s the right thing also. I’m not going to fall victim to just doing something to do it. You need to do it openly and fairly and honestly. But we need to do it when we’ve got a deal, not when we don’t have a deal.”



ARTICLE
Sen. John McCain said Wednesday that a special committee was needed to investigate ties between the Trump campaign and Russian officials because the House Intelligence Committee lost "the credibility to handle this alone."
The Senate Armed Services Chairman was highly critical of the public feuding between House Intel Chairman Devin Nunes, a Republican, and ranking Democratic member Rep. Adam Schiff, who traded explosive statements Wednesday regarding their panel's investigation into Trump-Russia ties. 
Story Continued Below
"It's a bizarre situation," the Arizona Republican senator, speaking to MSNBC's Greta Van Susteren, said of the ongoing probe. "I think that this back and forth and what the American people have found so far is that no longer does Congress have the credibility to handle this alone."
The topic burst into the limelight earlier Wednesday when Nunes (R-Calif.) declared that Trump transition officials, and potentially President Donald Trump himself, had been inadvertently brought under surveillance following the president's victory in November. 
Schiff (D-Calif.) panned the comments during a press conference later Wednesday, questioning their legitimacy and Nunes' decision-making. 
“The chairman will need to decide whether he is the chairman of an independent investigation into conduct which includes allegations of potential coordination between the Trump campaign and the Russians, or he is going to act as a surrogate of the White House, because he cannot do both,” Schiff said.
McCain, however, said both men had erred in their statements, while stressing that he did not feel Russia achieved their goal of "affecting the outcome" of the 2016 election.
"There is no substantiation for what Chairman Nunes said, nor is there substantiation for what Congressman Schiff said," McCain added. 
In an interview Thursday on the "Today" show, McCain reiterated that Nunes' public statements were highly unusual. 
"I have not seen anything like it, and it’s very disturbing," McCain said. 



ARTICLE
Only one question really matters after Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch endured nearly 20 hours of grilling before the Senate Judiciary Committee: What did he do to damage his confirmation prospects?
The answer: Not much.
Story Continued Below
Gorsuch again declined to make clear how he would come down on hot-button issues, despite the Democrats’ best efforts. He disavowed one e-mail about Guantanamo Bay that he sent as a top Justice Department lawyer, but otherwise, the hearing led to few new revelations. And Democrats began talking as if Gorsuch would be confirmed, anyway.
Here are POLITICO’s top takeaways from Gorsuch’s second and final day of cross-examination: 
1) Mr. Future Justice Gorsuch … and may it please the court
One clear indication that Democrats recognize they likely won’t be keeping Gorsuch off the Supreme Court: they spent much of their questioning time Wednesday delivering what sounded more like arguments to the likely heir to Justice Antonin Scalia’s seat.
Democrats didn’t quite say Gorsuch’s confirmation was a foregone conclusion. But several chose to make impassioned pleas on issues dear to them.
Sens. Dianne Feinstein of California and Patrick Leahy of Vermont both pitched Gorsuch on the importance of preserving abortion rights and the danger of returning of what they recalled as a grim a pre-Roe v. Wade reality.
“I want your two daughters to have every opportunity they possibly could have, be treated equal, be able to control their own bodies in concert with their religion, their doctor, whatever it may be, and not be conscribed by to a lesser fate because the law is interpreted in a backward sense,” Feinstein declared. “You are pivotal in this.”
Other Democrats were less dramatic, but more explicit, in their pleas to Gorsuch.
Sen. Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn.) was unabashed in delivering an out-of-court argument, urging the likely next justice to favor aggressive enforcement of antitrust law.
“We are just beginning to see a new kind of competitive marketplace with companies that may have control and it may be really hard for new customers to get in,” she said. “So, that is just something I wanted to plant in your head here as we go forward.”
2) Congress: We’re dysfunctional
In recent years, the deadlocked and stalemated Congress has struggled to simply keep the federal government’s lights on and avoid a default on the federal debt.
However, Gorsuch sees compromise and legislative consensus breaking out all over — or at least on the verge of doing so.
“I have more optimism for this country and I have more optimism for this body and for the Congress as a whole,” Gorsuch said. “I’ve seen it work and, maybe, I’ll just leave it there.” 
The distinction is more serious than a matter of personality-type or a mere glass-half-full, glass-half-empty debate: Gorsuch’s view that Congress can achieve the kind of consensus needed to pass legislation seems to fuel his view that rulings on statutory interpretation can be easily fixed by the legislative branch.
“It’s obviously for this body as the lawmaking body to assess what it thinks of the impacts of any judicial decision and to legislate appropriately,” Gorsuch said at another point Wednesday. “We do our job and respectfully, senator, the Congress does its job.”
However, Democrats and even some Republicans acknowledged that Congress really hasn’t been doing much law-making lately and, in many instances, is only too content to slough the hard choices off to the courts.
“We’re not doing our job. We’re going to our individual [party] conferences and not coming to a consensus on something like education for children with autism,” Sen. Thom Tillis (R-N.C.). “We need to do our jobs.”
Sen. Mazie Hirono (D-Hawaii) accused Gorsuch of exhibiting an innocence bordering on naiveté.
“You have set forth a magical notion of what Congress can do and legislate. I wish you were right. I would love for all of us to be able to work today in a way that moves us forward for our entire country,” she said, before suggesting that she wasn’t holding her breath.
That didn’t seem to dampen Gorsuch’s unsinkable enthusiasm for the Senate.
“I wish the American people could see what I’ve seen,” he said a short time later. “I think if they had seen what I’ve seen, they’d be much bigger believers in their government.”
3) Dems dig in on Gorsuch’s evasiveness
Although Gorsuch said all along that he would not even begin to hint over how he would rule on future cases, Democratic senators nevertheless continued to burrow into their main point of contention against the nominee: He just won’t answer any questions.
Feinstein opened her remarks Wednesday by arguing that Gorsuch’s evasiveness went far beyond other Supreme Court nominees whom she’s questioned in the past. Later, Sen. Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.) used a series of probing questions to essentially corner Gorsuch into saying he agreed with a landmark 1954 desegregation decision, while not saying so for other major Supreme Court opinions involving abortion and gay rights.
“I remain troubled because you have been less forthcoming, less direct and specific than I hope on whether you agree with the conclusions and results in some of those cases,” Blumenthal told Gorsuch. “I think you can probably sense my worry or unhappiness about some of those answers.”
Of course, Supreme Court nominees ducking specifics is nothing new. Still, expect Gorsuch’s “dodgeball” before the Judiciary Committee — as Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) put it earlier this week — to be a frequent talking point among Democrats who ultimately vote against him.
“I think the performance he’s put on the last two days can’t help but give fewer Democrats a reason for voting against him,” Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) said after the hearing concluded Wednesday.
The first test of how much Gorsuch won over swing Democratic votes will come Thursday morning, when Sen. Bob Casey (D-Pa.) — one of several Democrats who is up for reelection in 2018 and is being targeted in the conservatives’ pro-Gorsuch campaign — holds a conference call to announce whether he’ll support him.
4) Supreme curveball
As Democrats on the Judiciary Committee continued to dig in against Gorsuch, they were aided by a surprise assist from an unlikely source: The Supreme Court itself. 
Shortly after the third day of his hearings began, the eight-member court handed down a unanimous decision that rejected a legal standard Gorsuch had used in a case nearly a decade ago to rule against a boy with autism, who had sought placement in a special private school at public expense.
The Supreme Court didn’t overrule Gorsuch’s specific case. But for Democrats looking to tank his confirmation prospects, that detail didn’t matter much. Wednesday’s decision gave them fresh ammunition to further their narrative that no, Gorsuch doesn’t ever side with the little guy.
Republicans say that’s an unfair characterization, considering Democratic-appointed judges often joined Gorsuch on the decisions now being maligned by Democrats. For his part, Gorsuch said he had to follow precedent in his 2008 case: “If I was wrong, senator, I was wrong because I was bound by circuit precedent and I'm sorry.”
But after the case of the frozen trucker — who again occasionally surfaced during Gorsuch’s second day of questioning — and other similar cases, Democrats said they had more than enough reason to press further into his views.
“Do I believe you love your family and love children? Of course you do,” Sen. Dick Durbin (D-Ill.) said. “But when it comes to applying the law to a truck driver blackballed for life from driving a truck, when it comes to applying the law when it comes to a family … I want to try to understand what Neil Gorsuch’s heart is leading him to.”



ARTICLE
A group of Senate Democrats is beginning to explore trying to extract concessions from Republicans in return for allowing Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch to be confirmed, according to multiple sources familiar with the matter. 
The lawmakers worry that Gorsuch could be confirmed whether Democrats try to block him or not — and Democrats would be left with nothing to show for it. That would be a bitter pill after the GOP blocked Merrick Garland for nearly a year. 
Story Continued Below
The deal Democrats would be most likely to pursue, the sources said, would be to allow confirmation of Gorsuch in exchange for a commitment from Republicans not to kill the filibuster for a subsequent vacancy during President Donald Trump’s term. The next high court opening could alter the balance of the court, and some Democrats privately argue that fight will be far more consequential than the current one. 
If Democrats move ahead with the plan — it’s still in the early discussion phase — it would require buy-in from some Republicans, but not necessarily Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) or his top deputies. At least three rank-and-file GOP members would have to pledge not to vote to unilaterally change the Senate rules through a majority-only vote later in Trump’s term — the so-called nuclear option. 
Cobbling together a group of senators from opposing parties to take such a stand would be difficult, given the long-running partisan war over confirming judges and pressure from the left to deny Gorsuch confirmation. But some Democrats are worried enough about the Senate losing its unique minority rights that they’ve begun kicking the tires on the potential for a new bipartisan “gang.” 
The current talks are limited to about a half-dozen Democratic lawmakers. They haven’t made an offer to Republicans yet, and Democratic leaders wouldn’t support one. 
Democrats familiar with the effort requested anonymity to discuss a sensitive matter that divides the caucus. Some liberals are aiming to block Gorsuch, while others are worried about the electoral prospects for 10 senators up for reelection next year in states won by Trump if they’re seen as obstructing the president’s court pick. 
Any move to save the filibuster would be reminiscent of the “Gang of 14,” a group that included Democrats who agreed to confirm some of President George W. Bush’s stalled judicial nominees as Republicans pledged not to support a rules change. Just three members of that 2005 collection are still in the Senate. 
“It’s a really tough situation, and they’re going to have to find their way through it because that 60-vote threshold is important for the Supreme Court,” said former Sen. Mary Landrieu (D-La.), a member of the Gang of 14. 
No Democrats have announced their support for Gorsuch yet. Under current Senate rules, McConnell will need at least eight Democratic votes. In the minds of some senators, that gives Democrats some leverage over McConnell — though the GOP leader could move to get rid of the 60-vote threshold if Democrats obstruct Gorsuch. 
“We don’t need to be taking a deal,” said a senior Republican aide. 
Some Democrats believe McConnell is loath to change Senate rules on a majority vote. Doing so would allow Democrats to more easily confirm liberal judges the next time the party wins the White House and Senate. It’s also not clear McConnell could get 50 of his 52 members to agree to eradicate the filibuster for Supreme Court nominees, a step that would move the Senate even further toward a majority-rule, House of Representatives-style body. 
The move would be met by criticism on the left. Josh Orton, a longtime Democratic aide working against Gorsuch, said any attempt to confirm him would “hand Trump’s White House not only its first win, but one of the biggest victories any White House can get."
"I literally can’t think of a more unstrategic move for a Democratic senator," said Ilyse Hogue, President of NARAL Pro-Choice America.
But the threat of a rules change that would affect future Supreme Court vacancies is alarming to some centrist Democratic lawmakers. 
Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia is perhaps the most concerned about the party’s predicament, according to Democrats. He is the only Senate Democrat left in the chamber who opposed the 2013 rules change. 
“I would not want to be the person — and that would be Mitch McConnell — that basically changed the Senate from what the Founding Fathers [intended],” Manchin told reporters Wednesday. “And that’s why I was so concerned about what Harry Reid did.” 
Manchin was referring to the former Democratic leader’s move in 2013 to unilaterally lower the voting threshold for all nominees except those to the Supreme Court from 60 to a simple majority. 
Sen. Chris Coons (D-Del.) is one of the senators seeking a solution that would avoid the nuclear option, two Democratic sources said. 
Coons is “open about his concern for preserving the filibuster and the impact this process may have on the Senate, and he has talked with both Republican and Democratic senators about that. At the same time, he remains concerned about the approach Judge Gorsuch would bring to the Court,” said spokesman Sean Coit. 
Some Republicans are aware of the Democratic discussions. One GOP source said Democrats “definitely” are looking for a way to avoid a rules change down the road, but no offer has been presented to rank-and-file Republican senators. 
Pro-Gorsuch groups also panned any negotiations with Democrats. Carrie Severino, the chief counsel at the deep-pocketed Judicial Crisis Network, called any talks with Democrats "silly."
"Democrats must be delusional to think that Leader McConnell or any of his Republican colleagues would reward Democrats for their awful treatment of Neil Gorsuch," said Leonard Leo, who advised Trump on the Supreme Court. "One way or the other his confirmation is all but assured."
In addition to talk of getting a GOP commitment on the next court vacancy, two other, less realistic options are also being discussed. 
One would be an agreement to confirm Gorsuch in exchange for moving all judicial nominees back to the 60-vote requirement. Republicans are unlikely to agree, given that they are in the majority and have more than 100 lower-level vacancies to fill. 
Another ambitious possibility: Some Democrats want to confirm Gorsuch only with an agreement that another justice retire and is replaced with Garland. The idea has almost no chance of success. But it’s being pushed by Sen. Tom Udall (D-N.M.), who said that there’s too much “distrust” in the Senate to believe Republicans are willing to make a deal on a future vacancy, so they must make a deal now on Garland. 
“I’m not there,” Udall said of seeking a commitment from Republicans not to change the rules. “I just hope someone does something.” 
Sen. Tom Carper of Delaware has warmed to Udall’s position. He’s viewed as one of the handful of Democrats who could support Gorsuch, but he has not even met with the nominee. 
“It would be fair to say,” Carper said, “I’m interested in getting justice for Merrick Garland.” 
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley of Iowa dismissed any talk from Democrats about negotiating on Gorsuch.
“Considering what happened four years ago, and considering what could happen again if they were in the majority, I don’t think they’re in a position to make a deal,” Grassley said of the moderates’ proposal after Gorsuch’s confirmation hearing concluded Wednesday. 
Seung Min Kim contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said Wednesday that there is “more than circumstantial evidence now” to suggest that President Donald Trump’s campaign may have colluded with Russia’s attempts to disrupt the election, but he would not offer details. 
“I can tell you that the case is more than that,” Schiff told Chuck Todd on MSNBC. “And I can’t go into the particulars, but there is more than circumstantial evidence now.”
Story Continued Below
When Todd followed up, asking if he had “seen direct evidence of collusion,” Schiff would not say so directly, but insisted that he has seen some “evidence that is not circumstantial” and is worth investigating.
“I don’t want to go into specifics, but I will say that there is evidence that is not circumstantial and is very much worthy of investigation, so that is what we ought to do,” Schiff said.
The FBI is currently investigating any links between the Trump campaign and Russia and whether the two parties coordinated with Russia’s suspected cyberattacks on Democratic Party officials before the election. 
Trump and his aides have repeatedly denied any such wrongdoing. While Democrats have been raising questions about the president’s relationship with Russia for months, no public evidence has emerged to tie him or his associates directly to the cyberattacks.



ARTICLE
White House officials are moving to eliminate broad coverage requirements for health insurers in the Obamacare repeal bill in a bid to win over holdout members of the House Freedom Caucus.
White House budget director Mick Mulvaney is working with Rep. Mark Meadows (R-N.C.), chairman of the hard-line conservative coalition, to strike Obamacare’s lengthy list of essential benefits that health plans now have to cover, according to a senior administration official.
Story Continued Below
Some Republicans have long argued that insurers should be able to sell skimpier coverage that, for example, wouldn't cover maternity or mental health services. Consumers could choose how much insurance they want, and Republicans could take credit for bringing down premiums. Critics of the practice say it could leave people unprotected in the case of sudden illness.
A senior leadership aide said Speaker Paul Ryan could support such a move if it doesn't mean the bill could be procedurally blocked in the Senate. The office has received assurances it wouldn't, though some legislators worry that's not true.
Republican leaders in the House have been resistant to addressing the benefits in the repeal bill due to concerns it would face parliamentary problems in the Senate and make the Congressional Budget Office score even worse.
While altering the coverage requirements could help win over the Freedom Caucus members, it could drive away moderates — another coalition that House leaders need to build upon in the final 24 hours before the planned vote on Thursday. House leaders are still short of the 215 votes they need.
Even with the White House agreement to remove essential health benefits, the Freedom Caucus members are continuing to push for more of the Obamacare regulations being pulled out of the bill before they agree to support the proposal, according to White House and congressional sources. 
Freedom Caucus members, led by Meadows, want at least some parts of Title One of the bill removed. Included in Title One are many of the Affordable Care Act's benefits, like a prohibition on insurers denying coverage over pre-existing conditions and a prohibition on lifetime and annual limits. 
It’s unclear whether the benefits would be completely repealed or if the bill would grant additional flexibility to the states. The senior administration official said discussions are ongoing with Ryan's office and that they are "working through" how to reconcile the change with the Senate. But this person said the goal is to get the provision in the House bill. 
Conservatives have long viewed the benefits as a major concern, arguing that keeping the laundry list of items that insurers need to cover would prevent premiums from going down. The provision was a key part of a meeting Wednesday between about 30 House Freedom Caucus members and Vice President Mike Pence, White House strategist Steve Bannon, White House adviser Kellyanne Conway, Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price and deputy chief of staff Rick Dearborn.
“I think people are chewing on it right now,” Rep. Scott DesJarlais (R-Tenn.), a member of the Freedom Caucus, told reporters about the request shortly after the meeting.
The White House officials had offered to ensure that the benefits language was added in the Senate, but that was not enough to win over the Freedom Caucus members, DesJarlais said. Now they are trying to add it to the bill in the House.
In the Senate, the parliamentarian will have to go through every line of the bill to ensure that it meets the strict rules around reconciliation, the fast-track procedure the Senate is using to enact its bill without the threat of a Democratic filibuster. Every provision has to have a direct impact on the budget or it would get struck.
It’s unclear how the parliamentarian would rule on the issue. Republican sources tell POLITICO that when Republicans wrote the blueprint for the repeal bill in 2015, the parliamentarian made clear that insurance regulations would not comply and the issue wasn’t put under significant scrutiny.
But even if the provision doesn’t comply with the rules, it could be cut easily and not derail the repeal process, according to Chris Jacobs, a health care policy expert and founder of Juniper Research Group. Others argue that if the provision is included, it could be a “fatal” flaw that would eliminate the opportunity to pass the bill without a Democratic filibuster threat.
House Budget Committee Chairman Diane Black warned that she's opposed to adding new regulations that could run afoul of the Senate's Byrd rule governing the budget process.
"We don't want to jeopardize our bill," she said Tuesday. "It's a little bit difficult when you talk about the Byrd rule because the parliamentarian will not speak with us. They will not give us their opinion on whether something will go through the Byrd rule. So we're doing it secondhand, by giving ideas to the senators and letting them get some kind of idea." 
House Freedom Caucus members argue that keeping the benefits list in place would do nothing to bring down the price of premiums — an explicit goal President Donald Trump has laid out. Their argument is that premiums are high under Obamacare because insurers have to provide all of the benefits, instead of being able to offer slimmer coverage.
“We want the free market competition,” said Rep. Scott Perry (R-Pa.), another Freedom Caucus member. “How can you have free market competition when the government is mandating what is going to be included.”
It is far from certain whether repealing the benefits would get the 215 votes needed for passage. Among other things, it could make the Congressional Budget Office score of the bill even worse by showing that more people are “under insured” under repeal. The agency wrote a memo in December that some read as a hint that repealing the benefits would drive down the score.



ARTICLE
Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, questioned on Wednesday whether the panel’s Republican chairman, Devin Nunes, is acting as a “surrogate of the White House.”
Earlier on Wednesday, in what was apparently a surprise to his fellow committee members, Nunes held a news conference and then briefed President Donald Trump on what he said was evidence that members of Trump’s transition team, possibly including Trump himself, were under U.S. government surveillance following November’s presidential election. He told reporters that the monitoring appears to have been carried out legally.
Story Continued Below
At his own news conference later that afternoon, Schiff sharply criticized Nunes, given that his committee is in the middle of an active investigation that includes the question of whether Trump’s campaign colluded with Russia’s suspected attempts to meddle in last year’s election. 
“The chairman will need to decide whether he is the chairman of an independent investigation into conduct which includes allegations of potential coordination between the Trump campaign and the Russians, or he is going to act as a surrogate of the White House, because he cannot do both,” Schiff told reporters. 
Nunes, a Trump ally on Capitol Hill, also advised the president’s campaign and transition team on national security issues. 
“And unfortunately,” Schiff added, “I think the actions of today throw great doubt into the ability of both the chairman and the committee to conduct the investigation the way it ought to be conducted.”
Schiff then called for what many Democrats have been demanding for weeks: an outside commission to investigate the suspected Russian election interference.
Nunes had told reporters earlier Wednesday that the monitoring seems to have been legal “incidental collection,” which sometimes happens when an American is communicating with a foreign national under U.S. surveillance. But Nunes raised concerns that the identities of Trump transition officials whose communications were monitored this way may have been inappropriately “unmasked,” or named in intelligence reports. 
Schiff emphasized to reporters that Nunes had brought forth no evidence to suggest that there was ever a wiretap of Trump Tower, as the president has repeatedly alleged without evidence. Several top officials, including FBI Director James Comey, have publicly refuted the explosive allegation, but Trump has not retracted it, and he suggested Wednesday that he felt “somewhat” vindicated by Nunes’ statements.
Though he was very critical of Nunes at the press conference, Schiff would not say whether Nunes revealed classified information by announcing his findings to reporters before and after his meeting with Trump. Instead, he focused on chastising the chairman for hurting the committee’s legitimacy.
“I’m not prepared to say that what the chairman said was classified or unclassified,” Schiff said. “I would say that the most profound concern here I have is that these actions simply raise enormous doubt about whether the committee can do its work. And I think that more than anything else I've seen, this makes the most profound case for the formation of an independent commission.”
Additionally, Schiff wondered aloud whether Nunes’ actions were “part of a broader campaign by the White House aimed to deflect from the director’s testimony earlier this week.”
The FBI chief testified before the House Intelligence Committee on Monday at a hearing that was widely viewed as very politically damaging to Trump. Comey publicly confirmed for the first time that the FBI is actively investigating the Trump campaign’s links to Russia and whether there was any coordination between the two parties on the cyberattacks that disrupted the presidential election. Trump’s campaign has denied any such wrongdoing.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump said he felt “somewhat” vindicated on his wiretapping claims against former President Barack Obama after House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes said he had seen evidence that members of the Trump transition teams were surveilled following November’s election. 
“I must tell you, I somewhat do,” Trump said. “I very much appreciated the fact they found what they found.”
Story Continued Below
Nunes briefed the White House on his findings Wednesday afternoon and said it is “possible” that Trump was correct in what he tweeted if he was referring to broader surveillance.
Earlier on Wednesday, Nunes told reporters that members of the Trump transition team, possibly including Trump himself, were under U.S. government surveillance following the election.
Nunes said the monitoring appeared to be done legally as a result of what's called "incidental collection," adding that he was concerned because it was not related to the FBI’s investigation into Russia’s meddling in the election.
“I have seen intelligence reports that clearly show that the president-elect and his team were, I guess, at least monitored,” Nunes told reporters. “It looks to me like it was all legally collected, but it was essentially a lot of information on the president-elect and his transition team and what they were doing.”
However, when asked by reporters if Obama tapped Trump's’ phones, Nunes said “that never happened.”
Without citing evidence, Trump had tweeted earlier this month, "President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election!" The White House has since not presented any specific details to support the claim.
Nunes said there will be more information by Friday. 



ARTICLE
Joe Biden said President Donald Trump should apologize to former President Barack Obama for his accusation that the Obama administration wiretapped Trump Tower. 
“Any gentleman would,” the former vice president said. 
Story Continued Below
Obama, via a spokesperson, denied that he wiretapped Trump Tower after the current president tweeted the accusation. FBI Director James Comey this week also testified that there's no evidence the Obama administration surveilled Trump during the leadup to the e2016 election. 
Biden spoke with reporters after attending the Democrats' rally defending Obamacare on the steps of the Capitol. 
The former vice president also addressed the “romance” between the Trump administration and Russia. He questioned Secretary of State Rex Tillerson's decision to meet with Russia before meeting with America's NATO allies. 
“What in the hell are we doing?” Biden said. 



ARTICLE
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson “didn’t want this job,” according to a profile published Wednesday in the Independent Journal Review, and only accepted it on the urging of his wife.
The remarks, which Tillerson delivered during a multi-part interview that took place over the course of his recent trip to Asia, were a starker version of introductory ones he made upon his arrival at the State Department following his confirmation.
Story Continued Below
“I didn’t want this job. I didn’t seek this job,” Tillerson told IJR’s Erin McPike, the lone reporter to accompany the secretary of state on his trip to Asia, who noted that the secretary does not appear to harbor regrets about accepting the job. “My wife told me I’m supposed to do this.”
Tillerson said he was “stunned” when President Donald Trump asked him to be secretary of state but that his wife was not. The secretary had planned to retire from his previous job as CEO of Exxon Mobil this month, but when offered the job as America’s top diplomat, Tillerson’s wife said “I told you God’s not through with you.”
Asked about criticism directed his way over the decision to bring just a single reporter on his first major trip to Asia, Tillerson said, “We’ve got a lot going on inside the State Department, and we’re not talking about it until we’re ready, and that’s driving a lot of people nuts.” He said the more public practices of former President Barack Obama’s administration were a “huge mistake and put them at a huge disadvantage.”
Tillerson also defended Trump’s willingness to question NATO and the U.S. commitment to it, a stance that has been criticized by prominent members of both parties but that the secretary claimed has also gotten results. The president has been insistent that other member nations meet their commitment to spend 2 percent of their gross domestic product on defense, something past administrations tried and failed to do.
“They were so polite about how they asked,” Tillerson said of Trump’s predecessors. “The president said it in a way that embarrassed them. … He embarrassed them into increasing their spending.”



ARTICLE
The series of false and misleading statements from the administration of President Donald Trump amount to a “disturbing pattern of behavior that poses real and potentially profound dangers to U.S. national security,” former White House national security adviser Susan Rice wrote in an op-ed published Tuesday evening by The Washington Post.
Rice, the national security adviser to former President Barack Obama from 2013 to 2017 and before that the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, wrote that American global leadership is based not only on military strength, economic strength and high ideals, but also on “the perception that the United States is steady, rational and fact-based.” Through two months, Rice argued, the Trump administration’s actions have damaged that perception.
Story Continued Below
“To lead effectively, the United States must maintain respect and trust. So, when a White House deliberately dissembles and serially contorts the facts, its actions pose a serious risk to America’s global leadership, among friends and adversaries alike,” she wrote.
Rice was herself the subject of similar criticism during her tenure in the Obama administration, when she appeared on an array of Sunday morning political talk shows in 2012 and blamed the attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi, Libya, on an anti-Islam video circulating online. The attack had, in fact, been planned in advance by a terrorist group, and Rice’s TV appearances became a point of attack not just against her but also against former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton during her failed 2016 presidential bid.
As an example, Rice pointed to the assertion by Trump that Obama ordered a wiretap of Trump Tower during the campaign, an allegation for which FBI Director James Comey said he had no evidence during his testimony on Capitol Hill this week. For another, she referenced White House press secretary Sean Spicer’s suggestion that Obama had relied on British intelligence to conduct the Trump Tower surveillance, an accusation that America’s longtime ally characterized as “utterly ridiculous.”
Such statements could hurt America’s ability to form an international coalition to tackle military or humanitarian crises around the world, Rice argued, as well as shake the trust of U.S. allies and embolden its enemies. The latter issue, she said, could be “exacerbated” by “flip-flops on foundational, bipartisan U.S. policy” like U.S. commitment to NATO, the one-China policy and a dedication to a two-state solution to the long-running conflict between Israel and Palestine.
The White House’s track record thus far could also damage the president’s ability to smooth over diplomatic rough patches, as Rice said Obama did when embarrassing diplomatic cables were released that showed the U.S. was spying on the personal communications of leaders in friendly governments like Germany and Brazil. The Trump administration might similarly struggle, Rice wrote, to rally support among Americans should a crisis emerge.
“The United States’ words matter. Critical calculations are based on our perceived credibility,” Rice wrote. “When America’s word is frequently found to be false, doubts arise and allies may hedge their bets by reducing their reliance on the United States and seeking improved relations with traditional adversaries.”



ARTICLE
The White House stressed President Donald Trump's "strong commitment" to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization in a statement released late Tuesday, despite recent turmoil between the administration and leaders of allied NATO members. 
"The President looks forward to meeting with his NATO counterparts to reaffirm our strong commitment to NATO," press secretary Sean Spicer said in a statement Tuesday night regarding Trump's May 25 trip to Brussels, Belgium, to meet with other NATO heads of state. 
Story Continued Below
Over the weekend, Trump took a swipe at Germany on Twitter a day after his Friday meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, saying the country owed "vast sums of money" to the military collective, a claim the nation shot down Monday — and one that former U.S. NATO representative Ivo Daalder said represented a basic misunderstanding of how NATO functions. 
Trump's Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, meanwhile, has faced some criticism for opting to skip a April 5-6 gathering of NATO foreign ministers in Brussels in order to attend meetings between Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping in Florida instead. 
The Tuesday release also alluded to the Trump White House's intention to bring up the subject monetary "responsibility-sharing" by NATO allies, a common critique of the president's dating back to the 2016 campaign. 
Spicer said the president also intended to discuss "how to strengthen the alliance to cope with challenges to national and international security" during an April 12 meeting with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg of Norway.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump may be hands off when it comes to health policy, but the task of corralling Republicans is right up his alley. His work to close the deal on the GOP bill to repeal Obamacare harks back to his days as a developer who mixed hyperbole with weighty-sounding promises and/or threats to get what he wanted.
The sprawling amendment GOP leaders unveiled Monday night in a bid to win over wavering Republicans contained gifts for wary moderates and unruly conservatives, all wrapped in bare-knuckle rhetoric. The promise is big rewards or punishments — choose your own ending. But it's still too soon to know whether Trump, who craves drama as much as he loves to look like a winner, comes out on top when the House votes Thursday. 
Story Continued Below
Call it the art of the health care deal.
Here's a look at five key elements:
1) Cover your back
The updated bill calls for additional tax credits for older Americans, which are meant to neutralize one of the most startling findings from last week’s Congressional Budget Office analysis — the dramatically higher costs projected for older people, a key Trump voting bloc. Poorer, older people were expected to be hit especially hard by the GOP health care plan, thanks to far less generous aid and new insurance rules that would allow them to be charged five times more for coverage than younger people.
The boosted tax credits are aimed at winning over more persuadable moderates, who wanted reassurance that the funding preserves insurance for a few million additional people. GOP sources have pegged the cost of the increased aid at $85 billion.
Here’s the rub — the bill doesn’t actually include that pot of money. It instructs the Senate to build in the funding when that chamber gets to work on the measure. The idea was to give House conservatives who worry about spending a cleaner conscience, since they didn’t actually approve the funding. But a few conservatives in the House Freedom Caucus don’t sound as if they’re any happier.
2) Know when to buy off the opposition
Conservatives already were pleased that the repeal bill would end Medicaid as an open-ended entitlement and cap federal payments to states — a policy goal they've pursued for years. But the package of changes gives them even more, by allowing governors to impose work requirements on Medicaid recipients and letting states convert their Medicaid programs into block grants. Both were long-sought policy changes: The Obama administration had rebuffed states who sought approval for Medicaid work requirements.
Heritage Foundation welfare expert Robert Rector notes the work requirements are largely symbolic and somewhat ironic, coming after the GOP largely failed to attach similar conditions on cash, food and housing aid for more than a decade. Moreover, it might be politically dicey to enforce a work requirement on a sick person who appears in a clinic or hospital emergency room. The manager’s amendment would provide extra federal money to help states do so, possibly by enrolling the sick person prospectively in Medicaid, then requiring participation in a workfare program or job search at some point in the future.
The block grants also sync up with the conservative argument that states are better positioned than the federal government to help their low-income residents. Florida Gov. Rick Scott this week argued for that approach for his state’s $26 billion Medicaid program, as he pressed for relief from a federal requirement that Florida retroactively cover health care costs for new Medicaid beneficiaries, among other things. 
3) Offer more sweeteners, aka the ‘Buffalo Bribe’
The package contains language brokered by Rep. Chris Collins (R-N.Y.) designed to win the support of his state's GOP representatives. It would transfer more of the burden of caring for Medicaid beneficiaries from counties to the state. Currently, New York's Medicaid program relies on contributions from the federal, state and counties — and Collins argues the burden is greater on counties than in other states.
The so-called Buffalo Bribe (Collins' congressional district more or less circles that city) continues the tradition of trying to manipulate Medicaid payment policies to buy off votes. During the bitter fight over Obamacare, ex-Sen. Ben Nelson (D-Neb.) carved out a deal that came to be known as the "Cornhusker Kickback," in the form of a permanent exemption from the state share of Medicaid expansion for Nebraska. The New York language played well with the likes of Rep. Claudia Tenney, who represents an upstate district, but was panned by Democratic Gov. Andrew Cuomo.
4) Let the holdouts know revenge is an option
Trump didn’t explicitly threaten House Republicans on Tuesday he would work to unseat them if they opposed this bill, but his message seemed to contain a veiled warning.
“Many of you came in on the pledge to repeal and replace Obamacare,” Trump said. “I honestly think many of you will lose your seats in 2018 if you don't get this done.”
Trump has made clear that setbacks on health care threatened to delay or derail the rest of his agenda on taxes and trade, for instance. And as he recently told Michigan’s Republican Gov. Rick Snyder, who didn’t endorse him during the campaign, he never forgets any slight. 
At the same time, conservatives inclined to support Trump are facing competing pressure from an influential conservative group to oppose the repeal bill. Heritage Action and Club for Growth said the changes to the bill still don’t go far enough to repeal Obamacare.
5) Dangle something else before them
Trump has cast Thursday's planned House vote on the repeal plan as precondition to moving onto other, bigger pieces of his agenda. At a rally in Louisville, Kentucky, Monday night, and in other appearances, he's sounded more energized about taxes, trade, manufacturing and his "America First" foreign policy.
“We want a very big tax cut,” Trump said in Louisville, “but we cannot do that until we keep our promise to repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare.”
Trump also used the speech to circle back to drug prices — a potential carrot for the fence-sitters and a possible bipartisan rallying point in Congress. He repeated his pledge to bring the cost of prescription medicines "way, way, way down," either by adding a drug-cost measure to the repeal bill or addressing the issue in subsequent legislation.



ARTICLE
When former Secretary of State James Baker and his allies came to the White House last month to pitch a carbon tax, they received a warm reception from Gary Cohn, one of the president's top economic advisers.
Six weeks later, the friendly meeting with advocates of the highly controversial policy proposal is still reverberating in the White House, underscoring the increasingly tense relationship between Cohn and Steve Bannon, Trump’s powerful chief strategist, who have staked out vastly different ideological approaches to West Wing matters.
Story Continued Below
Any tax would raise significant resistance from Republicans, and one Cohn ally says he has not been making active arguments for the tax internally. But the meeting nonetheless set off alarm bells for Bannon and his allies, who regard Cohn with growing suspicion and see climate change as a key point of tension between Trump’s moderate and hard-line conservative advisers. And they say Cohn — a registered Democrat — is a secret supporter of the tax.
"Our objective was twofold: to put this plan on their radar screen and for them not to dismiss it," said Ted Halstead, president of the Climate Leadership Council, who attended the Feb. 8 meeting. "They have not dismissed it, which, given that part of it is a carbon tax, is significant."
When asked on Tuesday whether Cohn, head of the National Economic Council, supported a carbon tax, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said there was a "robust" discussion ongoing about taxes. 
"Part of the NEC's responsibility in coordinating economic policy for the president is to listen to a range of viewpoints on various issues. The Trump administration is not considering a carbon tax," Lindsay Walters, a White House spokeswoman, said later Tuesday evening, in response to questions. 
It is unlikely such a tax would pass Congress or gain the White House's support, with conservative allies, including the influential Heritage Foundation, fiercely opposed to the idea of a new tax and skeptical about global warming. "I have always been against a carbon tax," said Rep. Chris Collins, a conservative New York lawmaker close to Trump.
But hard-line conservatives in the White House see advancing the notion that Cohn is supportive of the tax as one way to diminish the standing of the former Goldman Sachs executive, a New York power broker who often embraces practicality over politics. 
It also is just one example of how tensions have flared inside the White House as different factions try to shape the ideological core of the West Wing and compete for Trump's ear. 
After Zeke Emanuel, one of the Affordable Care Act's architects, came to the White House for a meeting with Trump, Speaker Paul Ryan and Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price on Monday, conservatives and some White House aides were displeased, including Bannon, according to a source familiar with the situation. The strategist skipped the meeting, even though other top White House officials attended. 
"Why would he be in here?" one adviser said of Emanuel. "We are trying to pass a new law, not promote theirs."
"That is why the Hill thinks Cohn is not conducive to getting any legislation passed," one White House official said, when asked about the meeting, accusing Cohn of orchestrating the meeting, a claim a White House spokeswoman denied.
Cohn allies say the former Goldman Sachs banker is injecting some realism and a practical sensibility into the White House, and that Trump has frequently talked to Emanuel privately. 
Bannon and Stephen Miller, another top White House aide with hard-line views, have been noticeably quiet on the health care law, with Bannon often talking to the conservatives who oppose it and grousing about it privately to associates. "He doesn't like the law, but he understands that if it fails, it could hurt his agenda to do things he wants," one person who spoke to Bannon recently said. 
One administration official said different White House aides are giving different pitches and messages to Capitol Hill lawmakers on replacing Obamacare. "What you hear depends on who you talk to and what faction they are from," said one senior GOP aide.
One of the most heated debates in the West Wing has proved to be the Paris climate change agreement. People inside and outside the White House say it's unclear where Trump will come down on the agreement, but that it will be a test of Bannon's and Cohn's influence. Bannon has opposed the deal, separating him from many other advisers, including Trump’s daughter Ivanka and her husband, Jared Kushner, and further heightening his tensions with Cohn.
Cohn is said to be avoiding taking a formal position on the Paris agreement, but several of his aides have been quietly mulling a plan to stay in the deal, while weakening a domestic emissions reduction target put forward by former President Barack Obama and trying to win incentives for fossil fuels. It is, these people said, a practical way to handle the matter.
Halstead said the carbon tax plan that advocates promoted in the White House includes regulatory rollbacks, and dividends for Americans from the proceeds of the tax. Carbon would likely be taxed at $40 per ton or so. Their argument was it would help growth, rebalance trade and reduce regulations, while fighting climate change. It is a plan, he said, that strikes a compromise.
“A carbon tax by itself is unpopular and a political dead end,” said Halstead. “By contrast, our conservative carbon dividends plan is both popular and populist, because the great majority of Americans would come out ahead.''



ARTICLE
Many congressional Republicans are not ready to disavow President Donald Trump’s wiretapping claim, even after it was debunked by FBI Director James Comey.
In interviews Tuesday, some GOP lawmakers even continued to defend Trump’s claim, seeking to recast it as a broad reference to all possible surveillance rather than a specific move by former President Barack Obama — the same kind of rhetoric deployed by the White House.
Story Continued Below
And some are using Trump’s allegation to bolster their case that Trump associates have been the victims of an abusive surveillance regime that has leaked classified information to the news media for political purposes.
Republican Rep. Peter King, a member of the House Intelligence Committee, said that while Trump “overreacted” by blaming Obama for wiretapping Trump Tower, there are people in the federal government who “are really committing felonies.”
“There have been terrible leaks given to the media that violate federal law,” said the New York congressman. Trump “probably saw [all] of this, heard it and assumed that, for whatever reason, he jumped to the conclusion Obama was behind it.”
Meanwhile, House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes (R-Calif.) acknowledged that the “wiretapping never happened” but said Trump has since made clear he was referring generally to “surveillance.”
Nunes said Trump had raised legitimate questions about whether members of his campaign were being monitored. Nunes and other Republicans have repeatedly pointed to former national security adviser Michael Flynn as evidence Trump associates were being surveilled by the Obama administration.
Flynn’s phone calls with Russia’s ambassador were intercepted by the U.S. government and led to his resignation last month after it became clear he had misled Vice President Mike Pence about the nature of those calls. Information about Flynn’s calls was leaked to the news media — an act Republicans have characterized as a grave crime.
“There’s been one crime that’s been committed, and that’s the leaking of someone’s name,” Nunes told reporters.
Democrats say Republicans are drawing the wrong lessons from Monday’s marathon House Intelligence Committee hearing, in which Comey shot down Trump’s wiretapping allegation and confirmed the existence of an FBI investigation into possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Moscow.
“I scratch my head again with [Trump’s] false claims against President Obama,” said Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee. “There is an old saying: When you want to try to get out of a hole, stop digging.”
Trump triggered the wiretapping controversy with a series of tweets on March 4, writing that he “just found out that Obama had my ‘wires tapped’ in Trump Tower just before the victory.” He likened Obama’s actions to “McCarthyism” and called his predecessor a “bad [or sick] guy.”
Trump’s claim sent ripples through Washington, as it suggested Obama had committed a shocking abuse of power by setting up a makeshift spying operation against a political rival.
But Comey on Monday rejected Trump’s allegation that Obama had ordered the wiretapping of Trump Tower, saying the FBI and Justice Department have “no information that supports those tweets.”
Comey confirmed that the FBI opened an investigation in July into Russia’s election meddling, including possible coordination with the Trump campaign. This raises the prospect that there could have been surveillance of Trump associates — but Comey explained during the hearing that no single individual can unilaterally order a wiretap, not even a president.
“It has to go through an application process. Ask a judge; the judge can then make the order,” Comey said.
Following his testimony, several Democrats called on Trump to apologize to Obama, including Rep. Adam Schiff of California, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee. Schiff also said Trump owed an apology to the American people “for leading us down this wild goose chase.”
Trump’s top two GOP critics in the Senate, John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, said they hoped Comey’s testimony would put Trump’s allegation to rest. McCain would not go so far as to demand Trump apologize, but he called on the White House to issue a clarification.
“It would be helpful,” McCain said Tuesday, “if the White House stated that the president had misspoken when he made that allegation, and hopefully we can put this behind us and concentrate on not only what Russia tried to do in this election but what Russia is doing in places like France right now.”
Other Republicans, though, declined to denounce Trump’s claim. Instead, they sought to reframe it to help bolster their argument against leaks.
Rep. Mike Conaway, for instance, excused the president for accusing his predecessor of abusing his powers by saying Trump was “not someone who’s spent a lot of his career talking about intelligence issues and police investigations, those kinds of things.”
“I suspect the word wiretap covered a broad range. Those of us who have had some experience, that background, understand that that’s a relatively discrete term,” said the Texas Republican. “I don’t know which one he used. Again, I suspect it’s the broader term as opposed to just the hard-wiring or the actual tapping of a specific phone.”
Conaway said whether there was surveillance of the Trump campaign is “a question still to be answered, and I’ll trust the FBI to fully explore everything that’s out there.”
Texas Sen. John Cornyn, the Senate’s No. 2 Republican, said there was not enough information yet to reach a “final conclusion” on whether Trump’s wiretapping claim is false.
“I’ve always believed you ought to wait until you know all the evidence before you reach a conclusion,” Cornyn said Tuesday on MSNBC. “So I’m not ready to reach conclusions before the evidence is complete. That’s all I’m saying.”
Added Nunes: “That issue is not over with yet until we get all the information.”



ARTICLE
When Rex Tillerson first took over as secretary of state, he told his new employees that he wouldn’t let "ineffective traditions" get in the way of successful outcomes.
Two months and a string of eyebrow-raising decisions later, people in and outside the State Department wonder if there’s any tradition Tillerson thinks is worth keeping. Following President Donald Trump’s proposal to slash the diplomatic budget, some are even wondering how much of the State Department itself Tillerson plans to keep.
Story Continued Below
In the latest flap, Tillerson is planning to skip an April 5-6 gathering of NATO foreign ministers in Brussels so that he can reportedly attend meetings between Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping at Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida. The choice between the gatherings is a tough one, and the State Department said Tuesday morning that it had, following the news reports, offered some alternative dates for the NATO ministerial gathering. 
Still, the initial decision alarmed people on left and right who pointed out that what makes it extra sensitive is that Tillerson plans to visit Russia later in the month. That means he would spend time with a NATO and U.S. rival before formally meeting with America’s NATO allies.
“At a time when questions are swirling about possible Trump administration collusion with Russia [during the 2016 election], and when our democratic allies are questioning the U.S. commitment to the alliance, skipping a NATO ministerial sends a terrible signal,” said Philip Gordon, a former top official in Barack Obama's administration.
Republican Sen. John McCain also gently chided the secretary of state over potentially skipping the NATO session. “I regret that he could not be at that meeting. Maybe it's an important meeting he's having, but I would have preferred to see him here,” the Arizona senator said.
Through action and inaction, Tillerson, the former CEO of ExxonMobil, has repeatedly rattled a foreign policy establishment that still hopes he will serve as a moderating influence on the brash new Republican president. 
Tillerson traveled to Asia last week without the usual media cohort, a major break with tradition. Along the way, he suggested in starkly undiplomatic terms that South Korean officials had misled people about his schedule. And he appeared to partly parrot Chinese talking points on the U.S.-China relationship.
Tillerson has plenty of defenders, some of whom insist his words and actions are often taken out of context, and that he doesn’t get enough credit for some of the work he does behind the scenes. 
For instance, Tillerson drew heat for not sitting in on a meeting between Trump and Benjamin Netanyahu when the Israeli prime minister was in town in February. But Tillerson met with Netanyahu the night before, and he was heading to Europe for meetings there when Netanyahu held his session with Trump. 
And yes, Tillerson may have stumbled in China when using a phrase such as “mutual respect," which the Chinese often deploy as a way of saying the U.S. shouldn’t interfere in sensitive issues like Beijing’s role in Tibet. But the secretary also spoke of the need for Beijing to pressure North Korea on its nuclear program, and he said that the U.S. “will continue to advocate for universal values such as human rights and religious freedom.”
Foreign diplomats who have met Tillerson say he appears engaged and informed, and that he doesn’t simply listen but also makes America’s case. Some point out that Tillerson meets regularly with Trump, indicating that he has the president’s ear.
“The media coverage of him has been hysterical — it’s overly critical,” an ambassador from an Asian country told POLITICO. “He’s settling in and in the loop.”
But critics and supporters alike say the poor perceptions of Tillerson stem in part from his unwillingness to regularly engage with the media, which has let negative narratives about the still inexperienced diplomat fill the vacuum. 
After Tillerson didn’t have dinner with South Korean officials during his trip to Asia last week, Korean media, citing Seoul officials, reported that he’d chosen to avoid a meal due to “fatigue.” Because Tillerson didn’t take a usual contingent of U.S. journalists with him — he took just one reporter, from the conservative Independent Journal Review, who was working on a longer story — the Korean narrative stood for hours without challenge or correction from U.S. journalists who would have the secretary in their sight. When Tillerson gave the IJR an interview, he implied his hosts had lied to protect themselves “optically” after never inviting him for dinner — talk that struck some as a diplomatic blunder toward an ally. 
Tillerson also has failed to fill numerous vacant leadership positions at the State Department, including undersecretaries and assistant secretaries. Such staffers are key to coordinating with foreign capitals and the White House, including on scheduling. They can help avoid dust-ups such as the one facing Tillerson over the NATO ministerial. And they can be especially helpful in situations involving a country such as China, which places tremendous importance on protocol and would view Tillerson’s absence from the presidents’ meeting as a sign that he lacks influence.
State Department spokesman Mark Toner said U.S. officials had on Tuesday morning put forth alternative dates for the NATO foreign ministers' gathering — "The secretary certainly wants to be there if he can." Reports the previous night indicated that Tillerson had rebuffed offers from NATO officials to reschedule, though Toner downplayed that characterization. Toner also noted that Tillerson will meet many of the same NATO members during a summit in Washington this week of the international coalition battling the Islamic State, although the agenda obviously will be different.
David Wade, who served as chief of staff to former Secretary of State John Kerry, was sympathetic to Tillerson’s situation, saying that all too often “scheduling becomes substance.”
“The secretary of state is in demand like no other foreign minister on the planet and you're damned if you do and damned if you don't,” Wade said. “You benefit from hopefully having an early warning system of assistant secretaries in place who can help manage the calendar to avoid train wrecks, but even that's no fail-safe."
Instead, Tillerson is surrounded by a small group of White House-approved aides who carefully curate access to him. Margaret Peterlin, Tillerson’s chief of staff, is said by sources in the department to be a bottleneck, hindering people's ability to reach the secretary.
That has left large sections of the building still feeling cut off and adrift; State employees say they often find themselves with little to do because there’s not much policy guidance coming down and there are few people in permanent leadership positions to give them orders. Some worry that State, which many analysts say has been ceding influence to the National Security Council and other parts of the government for decades, could be rendered irrelevant in the new administration. 
The staffers who have met Tillerson say they find him pleasant, direct and engaged, but they acknowledge he’s still learning the sensitivities of managing a public institution dedicated to diplomacy. During his recent stop in Japan, for example, he didn’t stop by the U.S. Embassy in Tokyo to greet his employees, another break with tradition that some saw as a snub.
Tillerson is reviewing the structure of the State Department, much of which may change even if the steep cuts envisioned in the president’s budget proposal never become a reality. Trump wants to cut roughly 30 percent of the budget for the State Department and the U.S. Agency for International Development, and Tillerson has indicated he’ll make it work if he must. In any case, State employees are preparing for significant restructuring, though not necessarily blaming Tillerson.
“As people who have been through this before, those of us who have recognize that there’s still a long way to go," a State Department official said of the budget plans. "It has not reached a panic."
For his part, Tillerson doesn’t appear too worried about the flare-ups his decisions are causing. In his interview with IJR, he responded to questions about his lack of engagement with reporters by casting it as a personality trait.
"I’m not a big media press access person. I personally don’t need it," he said. But he also acknowledged that "the media is very important to help me communicate not just to the American people, but to others in the world that are listening."
"When I have something important and useful to say, I know where everybody is and I know how to go out there and say it," Tillerson further told the conservative outlet. "But if I don’t because we’re still formulating and we’re still deciding what we’re going to do, there is not going to be a lot to say."



ARTICLE
White House press secretary Sean Spicer was noncommittal on Tuesday when asked if President Donald Trump would offer evidence this week to support his unproven, and now publicly refuted, claim that former President Barack Obama illegally tapped his phones at Trump Tower. 
“Let’s see how the week goes,” Spicer told reporters at the afternoon briefing.
Story Continued Below
After other officials had come forward to deny it, FBI Director James Comey formally shot down Trump’s unsubstantiated claim that his predecessor surveilled Trump Tower during the presidential campaign. In what amounted to a public rebuke of the president, Comey clearly said Monday that there is no evidence to support the explosive allegation in the FBI or elsewhere in the Justice Department. 
Trump, though, has not yet come forward to renounce the claim, which appeared in some right-wing media sources before he raised it on Twitter in early March.
In an interview last week, Trump told Fox News’ Tucker Carlson that he was standing by the allegation and suggested that he might be speaking about it the following week. Evidence would emerge to support it soon, he offered.
“I think you're going to find some very interesting items coming to the forefront over the next two weeks,” Trump told Fox.
Reminded of those comments by a reporter on Tuesday, though, Spicer did not endorse them.



ARTICLE
It's what you might call an "audition moment."
As top representatives of more than 60 countries descend on Washington this week for a summit of the coalition fighting the Islamic State, the foreign delegations are trying to score meetings with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, as well as the close coterie of loyalists and relatives surrounding President Donald Trump at the White House.
Story Continued Below
“It’s one of the first opportunities to meet their counterparts,” a European government official said of the foreign ministers and others attending the summit. “It’s a long queue.”
But the summit also offers the two-month-old administration, which has struggled to present a unified message on foreign policy, a chance to make a positive impression on an important group of allies about its plans to defeat the terrorist network in Iraq and Syria.
“The administration has been very clear that it wants to defeat ISIS in a more intensified manner. The other Middle East piece is that it wants to hem Iran in. We’re all looking for signals and signs and details of where these policy statements will take us,” said Bayan Sami Abdul Rahman, the Kurdistan Regional Government representative to the United States, who will attend the summit as part of the Iraqi delegation.
White House and State Department officials would not share details about potential bilateral meetings during the summit or whether the president himself would appear at the event, where foreign ministers will meet on Wednesday and working group leaders on Thursday. It's the coalition's largest gathering since it launched in 2014. 
Diplomats who spoke to POLITICO mentioned hopes of getting a few minutes with Tillerson, as well as with several Trump aides. High on the wish list are White House chief strategist Steve Bannon, National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster, Jared Kushner, the president's son-in-law, and, of course, the president's daughter, Ivanka. 
Such meetings are especially key for smaller countries, from Estonia to Panama, that sometimes struggle to get access to top players in any U.S. administration. A few minutes with a Trump family member could pay off in the long run, and who knows, some observers point out, perhaps the foreign leaders might run into Trump himself.
"The side meetings will be more important than the main show," said a person close to the administration. "It’s an audition moment. They want to get that White House lunch." The person added, however: "I think that this is still about other countries being more interested in the U.S. than Trump is about them."
The summit is being hosted by the State Department, where many diplomats are eager for attention after being largely marginalized since Trump took office in January. And while such events are largely scripted, many observers are wondering if Trump will liven things up through off the cuff remarks, or tweets.
That being said, despite Trump’s stinging campaign trail criticism of President Barack Obama’s strategy toward the Islamic State, observers don’t expect the new administration to chart a radically different path on the policy front. 
The Obama team used a number of tools to degrade the Islamic State, including training, advising and offering air support for Iraqi-led ground troops; deploying U.S. Special Forces to Syria; cutting off financial support for the jihadists; and trying to counter the extremists’ online propaganda. The Islamic State has lost a great deal of its territory, but it remains a potent force online. Its opponents fear many of the terrorist group’s followers will ultimately return to their home countries to fuel insurgencies, carry out individual attacks and help radicalize a new generation of violent extremists. 
Rather than all-out scuttle the Obama initiatives, the Trump administration appears intent on intensifying some of them, including by sending hundreds more troops to Iraq and Syria and loosening the rules of engagement that could, in turn, permit more civilian casualties. The Trump team insists, as Obama did, that the troops being sent are serving as advisers and trainers for local forces, but some critics are warning of mission creep that could entangle U.S. combat troops in another Middle Eastern war.
The Pentagon has drawn up a menu of options for Trump to further escalate the anti-ISIS campaign, and summit attendees hope to get a sense of which options the president favors. The summit also is expected to focus on a new phase in the war effort: how to dislodge the terror network from Raqqa, its de facto headquarters in Syria. Much of the U.S. troop build-up is focused on Raqqa, even as Iraqi-led forces are still trying to dislodge ISIS from the Iraqi city of Mosul.
Trump’s decision to keep the coalition intact suggests at least some agreement with his predecessor’s approach. Another such signal: Trump has kept on Obama-era official Brett McGurk as the U.S. envoy to the coalition. (One eye-catching change from the previous administration, however, is that the alliance is now called the Global Coalition to Counter ISIS instead of the Global Coalition to Counter ISIL.)
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi will attend the summit this week, and he met Monday with Trump. After meeting with the president, al-Abadi told an audience at the U.S. Institute of Peace that Trump had promised U.S. support for Iraq "will not only continue but will accelerate." The support, however, is unlikely to include the deployment of large numbers of American troops, the Iraqi leader said. 
The Arab League, the European Union and Interpol also are expected to send representatives to the summit. The administration has invited a handful of technology company officials to attend the summit, in the hopes that they can offer insight into how to better counter-act the Islamic State’s online propaganda, according to a source familiar with the planning.
Sources say one goal of the summit is to obtain financial commitments from coalition countries to help stabilize and rebuild the zones of conflict, although the gathering is not being billed as a pledging conference. Last week, however, the Trump administration put forth a budget proposal that envisions massive cuts to U.S. foreign aid. 
The budget proposal is unlikely to go anywhere in Congress, but Trump aides, including the secretary of state, have said that they expect other countries to step up their own foreign aid programs in response to U.S. cuts. That has led to some wariness among foreign officials.
“It might be a call for others to step in more, to do more, particularly to the European Union,” a Turkish diplomat said, before adding: “It would be more advisable to see the other type of approach, which is doing more so that you would encourage others to do more.” 
State Department spokesman Mark Toner has said that the budget proposal won't affect U.S. plans to help Mosul recover because “a lot of that money has already been set aside” and budgets are planned out months or years in advance. 
Coalition countries also hope the administration will lay out some vision of how to deal with other conflicts in the region that have helped fuel the rise of the Islamic State, Al-Qaeda and other terrorist outfits. That includes what to do about the Syrian civil war, where the regime of Bashar Assad, with Russian and Iranian backing, is still fighting rebel groups. 
Many suspect, however, that the administration will focus more on how to counter Iran’s growing influence throughout the Middle East, a move that may cheer Sunni-majority Arab countries fearful of Shiite-majority Iran's rise.
The person close to the Trump administration said there are still many internal debates going on about how to prioritize targets. The secretary of defense, James Mattis “tends to view it as an ISIS strategy,” the person said. But others in the administration “view it as ‘We can’t just fight ISIS, we need to fight Iran.’”
Left unclear still is the administration's position on Russia, a U.S. rival of which Trump has repeatedly spoken highly despite allegations that the Kremlin interfered in the 2016 U.S. election to help him win. 
Moscow is not a member of the coalition and is not expected to attend this week’s summit. But Trump has said he wants to coordinate with the Kremlin to fight against the Islamic State. Many observers suspect that means Trump will let Russia, and by extension Assad, have their way against rebel groups trying to oust the Syrian government.
As foreign officials jockey for side meetings and gather for plenary speeches, there’s another aspect of the Trump administration’s presentations that many will pay attention to: the rhetoric. Will Trump and his aides use loaded terms such as “radical Islamic terrorism,” even if it turns off moderate Muslims who eschew any link between terrorism and their religion? Or will they avoid such language as Obama and his aides did? 
Already, there have been reports of splits within the Trump team about linking Islam and terrorism too closely. Trump himself has repeatedly linked Islam to terrorism, and some of his aides, such as Bannon and adviser Sebastian Gorka are also known for their hard-line views on Islam. But McMaster, the national security adviser, has argued for softer language.
Foreign diplomats interviewed said that, considering the scale of the challenges ahead, most people attending the summit will probably avoid picking a fight over rhetoric.
The European government official said he hopes “the State Department will use more neutral vocabulary” but, “I think nobody will criticize it at this forum.”
Josh Dawsey contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump arrived on Capitol Hill Tuesday morning with a stern message for Republicans who've been wobbly about dismantling Obamacare: Give me your vote or you may lose your seat in 2018.
During a closed-door meeting with the House GOP conference, the president gave a full-throated endorsement to the House repeal bill that will come to the floor for a vote on Thursday. He warned that if Republicans don't pass the bill, "I honestly think many of you will lose your seats in 2018."
Story Continued Below
Trump even called out the bill's most vocal critic in the House, Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows (R-N.C.), who's led the conservative opposition to the Republican health care plan. "Mark, I'm gonna come after you" if he keeps it up, Trump said, according to multiple sources.
The sources cautioned that Trump may have been "half joking," as one put it. He winked and he smiled at Meadows, and acknowledged the congressman was a strong supporter of his campaign. 
But singling out Meadows in front of his colleagues sent a clear message: Trump wants him to get in line. And fast.
"This Thursday we have a chance to repeal and replace Obamacare, and this time you've actually got someone who will sign the bill," Trump told them. "I'm asking for your vote."
Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) and the House GOP leadership welcomed the presidential admonition to the GOP ranks ahead of Thursday's vote, which looks by all accounts to be a cliffhanger. 
GOP leaders have projected confidence in passage, and they're optimistic that Trump's personal appeal to the conference will put the bill over the top. But House Freedom Caucus members emerged from a meeting Monday night claiming they have enough votes to block the legislation. In that regard, the meeting might have been exactly what leadership needed. Trump made abundantly clear that he's all-in on the Republican health care plan, which could determine the course of his entire first-term legislative agenda.
The president was accompanied by Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price and White House Budget Director Mick Mulvaney, both of whom served in the House until recently. At one point, Trump joked that perhaps he shouldn't have plucked Mulvaney from the House because the vote is so close and he could use the vote.
Trump entered the meeting to loud cheers. 
"We have a chance to do something fantastic, to do something amazing," Trump told the lawmakers, according to sources in the room.
He later added: "Many of you came in on the pledge to repeal and replace Obamacare. I honestly think many of you will lose your seats in 2018 if you don't get this done."
Trump thanked lawmakers who had opposed the health plan but worked with him and GOP leaders to get to "yes." He mentioned Reps. Tom MacArthur (R-N.J.), Tom McClintock (R-Calif.) and Martha McSally (R-Ariz.), who all announced their support Tuesday after changes were made to enhance health care tax credits for the elderly. Trump also thanked Republican Study Committee Chairman Mark Walker (R-N.C.), who negotiated a number of concessions for conservatives last week.
Then Trump got to Meadows. The Freedom Caucus chief visited the president at his Mar-a-Lago resort over the weekend to discuss changes he and a number of hard-liners wanted. The White House signaled, however, that negotiations were closing and conservatives had gotten all the concessions they would.
Trump noted at Tuesday's meeting that Meadows supported him on the campaign trail and predicted: "I think Mark Meadows will get on board, too." He added, "Because honestly, a loss is not acceptable, folks."
Trump also made a point of making Meadows stand up before the room. When Meadows tried to make light of the situation, saying Trump's Florida estate was very nice, Trump countered that "I guess it wasn't lovely enough" because Meadows is still a "no" on the bill.
"It's a good bill," Trump said. "It's going to go to the Senate, and the alternative is Obamacare and that's a disaster."
Meadows later said he didn’t think Trump would take him on politically if they ultimately differed on the health care bill. The reason? Meadows says he was there for Trump during his own political doldrums.
“When the chips were down, there was one member of Congress in North Carolina that was willing to campaign with him,” Meadows said. “I can’t imagine he would do anything different.”
As he left the meeting, Trump cautiously predicted victory on Thursday.
"We're going to have a real winner," Trump said. "It was a great meeting. They're terrific people. They want a tremendous health care plan. That's what we have, and there are going to be adjustments to it. But I think we'll get the votes."
Several Freedom Caucus members exited the meeting saying they still weren't convinced they should back the plan. Rep. Scott DesJarlais (R-Tenn.), a Freedom Caucus member and one of Trump's earliest campaign supporters in Congress, said his mind was not changed by the president's appearance. The same was true for Rep. Mark Sanford, the former South Carolina governor.
“I think that what’s in the bill will drive the train for myself and I think many of the other Freedom [Caucus] members as well,” Sanford said.
Asked about Trump’s decision to single out Meadows, Sanford said, “It was, I think, done in good spirit. I think it was received that way as well.”
DesJarlais said the president emphasized there would be continued negotiations with the Senate and when the bill comes back to the House as well.
Leadership was elated by Trump's aggressive sales pitch for the bill. Asked whether Trump had closed the deal, House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) said, “I think he did great." GOP whip Richard Hudson (R-N.C.) called the meeting "epic." 
And Ryan, at a news conference after the conference meeting, said “the president just came here and knocked the ball out of the park, he knocked the cover off the ball.” Ryan ignored a question about whether he was 100 percent confident the bill would pass the House on Thursday.
The vote is a test of the new president’s deal-making prowess in a notoriously factional and conflict-prone Republican conference. He’s already become a central player in helping the House GOP whip team corral support, flipping from ‘no’ to ‘yes’ more than a dozen conservatives. 
But while he’s summoned lawmakers to the White House before, his decision to come to Congress’ turf is a sign of how significant the impending vote is for his fledgling administration.
Trump’s trip up Pennsylvania Avenue capped weeks intra-party diplomacy by the White House, spearheaded by Vice President Mike Pence, the White House’s legislative affairs team, Price and Mulvaney. 
Pence summoned anti-abortion members of Congress to his Capitol office late Monday. 
Even after his meeting with the full Republican conference, Trump plans to put extra pressure on House moderates, who are being called to the White House Tuesday afternoon. The president is also expected to meet with conservatives. 



ARTICLE
LOUISVILLE, Ky. — On the precipice of the meatiest legislative fight of his young presidency, Donald Trump is increasingly talking about health care like the vegetables of his agenda — the thing he must begrudgingly finish in order to get to what he really wants: tax cuts, trade deals and infrastructure.
At a rally here in Louisville, Trump time and again framed the passage of a repeal and replacement plan for President Barack Obama’s namesake health care law as a necessary step to achieve the rest of his ambitious agenda.
Story Continued Below
“We want a very big tax cut,” Trump said, “but we cannot do that until we keep our promise to repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare.”
The first big test for health care comes Thursday, when the House has scheduled a floor vote. But on Monday, at a rally in the state of a senator, Rand Paul, who has been an outspoken skeptic of his health care proposal, Trump barely touched on the health care bill for the first 30 minutes of his speech. And when he did, he suggested it was the province of Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, who was in the crowd.
“Mitch — hey, Mitch — are we going to be OK?” he said. “Good, thanks Mitch.”
Trump was on the ground in Kentucky for almost two hours, but it was enough to boost his spirits after a day of swirling headlines in the nation’s capital about Russia, FBI investigations and his unfounded allegations of Obama-ordered wire-tapping. Fresh polls showed new lows for his approval rating, but inside the Louisville arena where attendees did the wave, Trump’s favorability was somewhere near 100 percent.
“We’re in the heartland of America, and there is no place I would rather be than here with you tonight,” Trump said.
He talked about trade (“Oh, I’m looking forward to these trade deals”). He talked about manufacturing and jobs (“You see them coming back”). He talked about cutting taxes (“Truly one of my favorite things”). He talked about North Korea (“What’s happening there is disgraceful and not smart, not smart at all”).
Eventually, he got to health care.
Trump’s seeming disinterest in some ways mirrors that of his chief strategist, Steve Bannon, who has been more impassioned about the same nationalistic agenda that Trump has sounded most excited about: trade, taxes, manufacturing and an “America First” foreign policy.
On Monday, Trump brought two members of the Kentucky congressional delegation on Air Force One with him, Reps. Andy Barr and James Comer, and proclaimed them both "yes" votes at his rally. He also gave a veiled shout-out to Paul, who has lampooned the Trump-backed health care bill as “Obamacare lite” and urged his House counterparts to block the legislation.
“I happen to like, a lot, Sen. Rand Paul. I do. I do. I like him. Good. He’s a good guy. And I look forward to working with him so that we can get this bill passed in some form,” Trump said of health care. “So that we can pass massive tax reform, which we can’t do until this happens.”
“So we gotta get this done before we can do the other,” Trump went on. “In other words, we have to know what this is before we can do the big tax cuts. We got to get it done for a lot of reasons, but that’s one of them.”
The House vote still hangs in the balance amid a flurry of changes on Monday night, and on Tuesday, the president will make the trek to Capitol Hill to rally House Republicans to the cause. But Trump acknowledged that Thursday’s vote is just the start of a long process that he sounded ready to be done with.
“Remember,” he said in a bit of a sing-song voice, “we’re gonna negotiate and it’s gonna go to the Senate, and back and forth, the end result is going to be wonderful and it’s going to work great.”
The rally was not the first time Trump signaled his disinterest in health care compared with tax cuts or cutting trade deals. Last week in Nashville, Trump said, “I want to cut the hell out of taxes, but before I can do that — I would have loved to have put it first, to be honest.”
But it is health care that is next on the docket as the White House scrambles to ensure it is not a train wreck that could derail the rest of Trump’s plans.
“Thursday is our chance to end Obamacare and the Obamacare catastrophe and begin delivering the reforms our people deserve,” Trump said Monday night. “Big thing.”
“Then we get the tax cuts.”



ARTICLE
A defiant President Donald Trump rallied support for the House's Obamacare repeal and replacement bill, predicting that the bill will "go back and forth" in Congress but that the end result will be "great."
Trump pressed his case with a friendly crowd at a campaign-style rally in Louisville. The audience roared as Trump touted the GOP's health care bill as an opportunity to end the "Obamacare catastrophe."
Story Continued Below
"This is our long awaited chance," he said. "We’re gonna do it. What’s the alternative?"
While Trump did tackle healthcare legislation, he did not comment on another major story in Washington: FBI Director James Comey's Monday testimony in Washington. Comey said the FBI is investigating ties between Trump's campaign and Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election. Comey also said there was no evidence to support Trump's recent claims that the Obama administration wiretapped Trump Tower.
Instead, Trump delivered red meat to a friendly audience. His focus was Obamacare — though it took him about 30 minutes of speaking time to hone in on the subject. 
Trump said that many of his other priorities and campaign promises, including tax cuts and tougher trade deals, hinged on getting approval for healthcare:
"We want a very big tax cut but we can’t do that until we keep our promise to repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare,” he said.
Trump also seemed to acknowledge that Thursday's scheduled vote, which will fall on the seventh anniversary of Obamacare's final approval, will signal the beginning of the process, not the end.
"Remember. We're going to negotiate. It's going to go back and forth," before ultimately passing, Trump said.
He also said that other elements — including efforts to bring down drug prices — will be passed later if they can’t fit into the initial bill.
Drug prices will be “way, way, way down,” he said, even if Congress has to work on separate legislation later.
Trump also used his perch to buck up Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. The Kentucky senator spoke before Trump — to a smattering of boos — but Trump called for McConnell to get a “nice hand, ‘cause he’s on our side.”
“We gotta take care of our people right? And he’s got a lot of power for the people of Kentucky!”
Trump then paused and asked McConnell from the stage, “We gonna be okay? Everything okay? We looking good?”



ARTICLE
Donald Trump suffered an astonishing rebuke Monday from his own FBI director, James Comey, during a marathon five-hour hearing before the House Intelligence Committee.
Comey knocked down Trump’s wiretapping allegations. He confirmed the existence of an investigation into the Trump campaign’s ties to Russia. He even debunked a tweet that the White House sent out mid-hearing.
Story Continued Below
The FBI director’s testimony left the White House reeling, with Democrats demanding an apology from Trump and Republicans seeking to change the subject — to leaks rather than the substance of those leaks.
Here are POLITICO’s takeaways from an explosive hearing:
Comey is no Trump lackey
The FBI director brought an enormous amount of baggage into the hearing. Many Democrats are still seething over his decision to speak out publicly during the presidential campaign on the FBI’s investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails.
But Comey, who has a reputation for fierce independence, made clear on Monday he is also more than willing to buck Trump. He shot down Trump’s claim this month that former President Barack Obama ordered a wiretap of Trump Tower, saying he has “no information that supports those tweets.” Comey added that there’s “no individual” who can unilaterally order a wiretap — not even a president.
The FBI director also revealed that the bureau launched an investigation in July into Russia’s efforts to interfere in the election, including possible collusion with Trump aides.
His testimony was devastating for Trump and the White House, which was left to try and find a silver lining. “The NSA and FBI tell Congress that Russia did not influence electoral process,” the White House said, mid-hearing, from the president’s official Twitter feed. 
But Comey debunked that, too. Asked about the president’s mid-hearing tweet, Comey said that while the FBI saw no efforts by Russia to change actual votes, it was not “our intention” to suggest Russia’s actions had no influence at all. “We've offered no opinion, have no view, have no information on potential impact because that's not something we've looked at,” Comey said.
As president, Trump’s words matter
During his political ascendancy, Trump made a habit of slinging insults at his rivals, often without evidence and sometimes based on conspiracy theories.
Being president hasn't stopped Trump from making evidence-free claims. The difference now, of course, is that his words carry extraordinary weight — and for the first time he’s being held accountable for them.
Since Trump made his wiretapping claim, the White House has wobbled from doubling down to seeking to recast the claim as a broad reference to all possible surveillance of Trump aides, not specifically an Obama-ordered wiretap of Trump’s office phones.
The rest of the federal government isn’t waiting for the White House to get its story straight. Comey did not mince words as he made clear the FBI and the Justice Department could not back up the president. And that’s not for lack of trying. 
“We have looked carefully inside the FBI” in an attempt to find evidence, Comey added, and there wasn’t any.
Trump also took heat Monday over the White House’s claim that British intelligence spied on the Trump campaign at the behest of Obama.
“I have seen nothing on the NSA side that we engaged in any such activity nor that anyone ever asked us to engage in such activity,” said NSA Director Mike Rogers, who testified alongside Comey. 
Rogers said the U.S-U.K relationship is “strong enough” to withstand the White House’s charge, but it “clearly frustrates a key ally of ours.” 
Republicans are more interested in leaks than what’s being leaked
Nearly all of the Republicans on the committee appeared to be more interested in discussing leaks of classified information to reporters than potential ties between Trump's team and the Kremlin.
"Whether Russia attempted to influence our democratic process is incredibly important," said Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-S.C.) while questioning Comey. "Some of that may rise to the level of a crime. Some of it does not rise to the level of a crime. One thing you and I agree on is the felonious dissemination of classified material most definitely is a crime." 
Comey had several tense exchanges with GOP members over recent press reports that cite anonymous intelligence community officials. They pointed in particular to former national security adviser Michael Flynn, whose pre-inauguration contacts with Russia were leaked to the news media, leading to his resignation when it was revealed he had misled colleagues about the conversations. Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes (R-Calif.) has said getting to the bottom of that leak is a focus of his committee’s larger Russia investigation.
At one point Gowdy pointedly asked Comey to confirm that sharing classified information was illegal. 
“It's a serious crime,” Comey replied. “I'm not going to comment on those particular articles because I don't want to in any circumstance compound a criminal act by confirming that it was classified information. But in general, yes, it's a serious crime, and it should be for the reasons you said.”
Democrats smell blood 
Democrats on the Intelligence panel clearly believe they have the beginnings of scandal that could hobble, if not take down, the Trump presidency. And they used Monday’s rare public intelligence hearing to air an array of arguments meant to raise suspicion about Trump’s ties to Moscow.
It began with Rep. Adam Schiff’s unusual 15-minute opening statement, in which he walked through the contacts that Trump campaign figures and associates had with Moscow businesses and officials. Other Democrats highlighted changes to the GOP’s 2016 platform they said benefited Russia and Flynn’s undisclosed communications with a top Russian diplomat. And they suggested that the president’s past financial dealings indicate the commander-in-chief has something to hide.
Some of them leaned heavily on the 35-page “dossier” published in January that includes salacious — but unsubstantiated — allegations of collusion against Trump and his campaign aides.
“If the Trump campaign, or anybody associated with it, aided or abetted the Russians, it would not only be a serious crime, it would also represent one of the most shocking betrayals of our democracy in history,” Schiff said.
After the hearing, the California Democrat demanded that Trump apologize both to Obama for his wiretapping allegation and to the American people, “for leading us down this wild goose chase.”
The investigation could take a while
Lawmakers and the public are clamoring for answers to some of the biggest questions to ever hang over a U.S. president: To what extent was Russia involved in helping elect him, and were he or his aides in the know?
Several members of the House Intelligence Committee, including Nunes, implored Comey to carry out the FBI’s investigation as quickly as possible. 
“There is a big gray cloud that you've now put over people who have very important work to do to lead the country,” Nunes said. “The faster you can get to the bottom of this, it's going to be better for all Americans.”
Comey said he understood Nunes’ concerns, but also made clear that counterintelligence investigations aren't typically quick turnarounds. 
“I don't know how much longer it will take,” Comey told the committee. “But we've been doing this — this investigation began in late July. So for a counterintelligence investigation, that's a fairly short period of time.”



ARTICLE
Ivanka Trump, who moved to Washington saying she would play no formal role in her father’s administration, is now officially setting up shop in the White House.
The powerful first daughter has secured her own office on the West Wing’s second floor — a space next to senior adviser Dina Powell, who was recently promoted to a position on the National Security Council. She is also in the process of obtaining a security clearance and is set to receive government-issued communications devices this week.
Story Continued Below
In everything but name, Trump is settling in as what appears to be a full-time staffer in her father’s administration, with a broad and growing portfolio — except she is not being sworn in, will hold no official position and is not pocketing a salary, her attorney said.
 Trump’s role, according to her attorney Jamie Gorelick, will be to serve as the president’s “eyes and ears” while providing broad-ranging advice, not just limited to women’s empowerment issues. Last week, for instance, Trump raised eyebrows when she was seated next to Angela Merkel for the German chancellor’s first official visit to Trump’s White House.
As her role in the White House grows — a role that comes with no playbook — Trump plans to adhere to the same ethics and records retention rules that apply to government employees, Gorelick said, even though she is not technically an employee. But ethics watchdogs immediately questioned whether she is going far enough to eliminate conflicts of interest, especially because she will not be automatically subjected to certain ethics rules while serving as a de facto White House adviser.
"Having an adult child of the president who is actively engaged in the work of the administration is new ground,” Gorelick conceded in an interview on Monday. “Our view is that the conservative approach is for Ivanka to voluntarily comply with the rules that would apply if she were a government employee, even though she is not.” A spokeswoman for Ivanka Trump said her role was signed off on by the White House counsel’s office, and the conflict issues were “worked through” with the office of government ethics. A White House spokeswoman did not respond to a request for comment about the unique arrangement.
People close to Ivanka Trump said that she sees nothing unusual about the arrangement — it’s simply how she has worked with her father for years, as a senior official at the Trump Organization and as Donald Trump’s partner on “The Apprentice.”
But in the White House, the unprecedented arrangement for a child of the president has raised new questions about potential conflicts of interest — and about why Ivanka Trump can’t simply join the administration as a government employee. Her husband, Jared Kushner, serves as an official senior adviser in the White House and was sworn in, but his hiring also raised questions of whether it violated anti-nepotism laws. The Justice Department ruled that those laws applied only to agency appointments.
Ivanka Trump still owns her eponymous fashion and jewelry brand, even though she stepped down from her position at the company ahead of her father’s inauguration. She is also publishing a book, “Women Who Work,” which is due out in May.
"I will continue to offer my father my candid advice and counsel, as I have for my entire life,” Trump said in a statement. “While there is no modern precedent for an adult child of the president, I will voluntarily follow all of the ethics rules placed on government employees."
The arrangement, however, was greeted with more questions about what freedoms Trump was trying to preserve for herself — and why.
“They're not saying she's going to voluntarily subject herself to ethics rules to be nice,” said Norm Eisen, the former ethics czar in the Obama administration. “There’s recognition that they're in very uncertain territory here. The better thing to do would be to concede she is subject to the rules. It would create some outside accountability, because if she can voluntarily subject herself to the rules, she can voluntarily un-subject herself to the rules.”
Under the new rules, Trump has divested her common stock, tech investments, investment funds — and they will all appear on Kushner’s 278 financial disclosure form, required by all Cabinet nominees. Bloomberg News reported on Monday afternoon that Trump and Kushner sold as much as $36.7 million in assets to comply with federal ethics rules, according to the Office of Government Ethics.
But when it comes to divesting from her business, however, Gorelick admitted there is no way to make it a conflict-free zone.
“The one thing I would like to be clear on: we don’t believe it eliminates conflicts in every way,” Gorelick said. “She has the conflicts that derive from the ownership of this brand. We’re trying to minimize those to the extent possible."
Gorelick argued that the area is murky because outstanding contracts with third party vendors mean that Ivanka Trump cannot simply close her business — those vendors could continue using her brand. She also can’t sell the business, her attorney argued, because the buyer would have the right to license her name and potentially create other ethical issues.
Instead, Trump will be distancing herself, as much as possible, from the day-to-day operations of the Ivanka Trump brand and convey her interests to a trust.
The trust, Gorelick said, will be controlled by her brother-in-law, Josh Kushner, and her sister-in-law, Nicole Meyer, who will be prohibited from entering the brand into any agreements with foreign countries or agencies. Ivanka Trump has appointed Abigail Klem to serve as president of her company, overseeing the day-to-day operations, and prohibited the company from using her image to sell the brand. The first daughter, however, will retain veto power to kill any deals that would be “unacceptable from an ethics perspective.”
Gorelick, a former deputy attorney general in the Clinton administration, will also serve as the outside ethics adviser to the trustees. The business will also be prohibited from using her image to market the brand.
Under the trust, her attorneys said, Ivanka Trump will receive only the information she needs for disclosure requirements and to facilitate compliance with conflict of interest and impartiality rules.
As for the money she will make from her book, Trump is planning to donate the royalties and net proceeds to charities that focus on women in the workforce, with the help of a donor-advised fund.
The measures that Ivanka Trump is undergoing to comply with federal ethics laws, ethics watchdogs said, are better than nothing. But they argued they are weak in the face of the flagrant violations of ethics standards by the president. Donald Trump’s hotels and golf courses, for instance, continue to engage in business with foreign and national groups that have interests in front of the White House.
“You might be inclined to view this differently and more generously if the White House had shown a stronger commitment to ethics enforcement,” Eisen said.



ARTICLE
Sen. Chris Coons, a Delaware Democrat, said White House press secretary Sean Spicer “blatantly mischaracterized” comments he had made to shield President Donald Trump from scrutiny into his campaign’s relationship with Russia.
FBI Director James Comey confirmed Monday that the bureau is investigating possible links between the Trump campaign and the Russian government, including whether any Trump aides colluded with the Russians as they attempted to disrupt the presidential election last year. 
Story Continued Below
The White House has repeatedly denied any such wrongdoing. At Monday afternoon's press briefing, Spicer reiterated that denial, and to make his point, he cited statements from officials, including Coons, who had said that they have not seen evidence that such collusion occurred. 
In a statement later Monday afternoon, Coons said he is “disappointed” in the White House for citing his comments “misleadingly” to defend Trump. Coons reiterated that while he has not yet seen evidence proving any collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia, he has not ruled out the possibility that it happened. 
Spicer selectively quoted him, Coons said, without crucial context.
“For Mr. Spicer’s sake, let me be clear once again,” Coons said. “Though I have not seen specific evidence of collusion between the Trump campaign and Russian officials, there is quite a bit of circumstantial evidence that suggests collusion may have occurred, including confirmation just this morning that the FBI is investigating potential collusion between the campaign and Russian officials.”



ARTICLE
The mere presence of an investigation into ties between the presidential campaign of Donald Trump and the Russian government does not indicate that such connections actually exist, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Monday, reacting to the first public disclosure from the FBI that it is looking into the Kremlin’s interference in last year’s election.
While the presence of an FBI investigation into Russian election meddling and ties between the Trump campaign and Russian officials had been the source of much reporting, bureau director James Comey confirmed Monday that the investigation does, in fact exist. Testifying before the House Intelligence Committee, Comey said the investigation is focused not just on Russian interference in the election but also on ties between Moscow and Trump campaign officials.
Story Continued Below
“Investigating it and having proof of it are two different things,” Spicer said at his Monday press briefing, citing multiple intelligence community officials and lawmakers who have said that they have seen no evidence to indicate a tie between the president’s campaign and the Russian government.
“I mean, there’s a point at which you continue to search for something that everybody who’s been briefed hasn’t seen or found,” he continued. “I think it’s fine to look into it but at the end of the day, they're going to come to the same conclusion that everybody else has had. So you can continue to look for something, but continuing to look for something that doesn't exist, doesn't matter.”
Without naming names, Spicer also characterized many of the former Trump campaign officials who have been tied in media reports to Russia as “hangers-on” who had in reality had little to do with the president’s team. On a reporter’s follow-up question, Spicer confirmed that Carter Page, a former adviser to the Trump campaign, would be one such individual.
“Those people, the greatest amount of interaction that they had with the campaign was the campaign apparently sending them a series of cease and desist letters,” Spicer said. “When you read a lot of this activity about ‘associates,’ there is a fine line between people who want to be part of something that they never had an official role in and people who actually played a role in either the campaign or the transition.”



ARTICLE
White House press secretary Sean Spicer defended President Donald Trump’s penchant for taking work to his personal golf clubs, saying that Trump is “entitled to a bit of privacy” when conducting meetings. 
“It’s the same reason he can have lunch or dinner with somebody,” Spicer told Yahoo White House correspondent Hunter Walker when asked why Trump had not provided more information about the details of the meetings conducted on the golf course. “The president is entitled to a bit of privacy at this point, which we’ve always agreed to. We bring the protective pool, but the president is entitled to a bit of privacy as well.” 
Story Continued Below
Walker also asked Spicer about the 10 trips Trump has made to play golf during his presidency so far, something that Trump criticized former President Barack Obama for when Obama was in office. Spicer defended Trump, and said that the president has talked about “how you use the game of golf” for diplomatic ends. 
“You saw him utilize this as an opportunity with Prime Minister Abe to help foster a deeper relationship in southeast Asia, in Asia rather, and have a growing relationship that’s going to help U.S. interests,” Spicer said.
“On a couple of occasions he’s actually conducted meetings there, he’s had phone calls,” Spicer added. “Just because he heads there doesn’t mean that’s what’s happening.” 



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump’s aides spent the weekend fretting over the health care law, huddling in a room at Trump’s Mar-a-Lago resort for hours, wrangling with members of Congress on the phone, flying conservatives to the Florida retreat and making final deals with House leadership in hopes of getting the bill passed. 
But while Republicans are looking for Trump to close the deal on replacing Obamacare – an objective his top advisers believe is crucial to furthering the rest of the president’s agenda, including winning changes in the tax system and expanding infrastructure spending – the commander in chief, according to several aides and advisers, seems more interested in discussing other things. 
Story Continued Below
He told associates he wished he hadn’t listened to White House lawyers and instead kept fighting for his original executive order blocking refugees and visa-holders from majority-Muslim countries from entering the U.S., rather than introducing a second, weaker version. Both now have been blocked by the courts, frustrating and angering the president. 
He asked a number of visitors over the weekend what they thought of Neil Gorsuch, his Supreme Court nominee. He asked others about North Korea. 
And he complained about leaks coming from inside the federal government, saying they were the bigger story than his recent claims about being wiretapped by former President Barack Obama at Trump Tower and “even going into the statutory authority of how to deal with them,” according to Alan Dershowitz, who was at Mar-a-Lago and spoke to the president at length there.
Trump told Dershowitz he’d seen him on TV saying that the reframed travel ban had a chance in the courts, and called him a “man of integrity,” with the two hashing out strategy to move the ban forward. (The Department of Justice is appealing the most recent injunctions.) 
“He had some ideas on the Middle East he wanted to test out with me,” Dershowitz said, adding the president jokingly called him a “liberal Democrat” several times during their conversation. 
On Saturday, Trump played golf, for the tenth time of his presidency, and posed for a picture with a white golf glove, thumbs up and grinning. On the way back from the course, he saw fans waving on the side of the road – and dispatched aides to bring them to Mar-a-Lago for pictures and a quick chat. On his way to the airport, he stopped again to see fans. 
Aides sought to project that Trump was busy with matters of state and refused to concede he was playing golf. A spokeswoman said he may have “hit a few balls.” The spokeswoman declined to comment on why he skipped a meeting with Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, who flew to Mar-a-Lago on Saturday to negotiate changes on the health care bill. “Health care is a top priority of this administration,” said the spokeswoman, Lindsay Walters. 
That’s been the job of Trump’s aides. In conversations over the weekend, Steve Bannon, the president’s chief strategist, worried about containing costs and how that could backfire on Republicans. Marc Short, Trump’s legislative affairs director, analyzed votes back in Washington, tried to neutralize powerful conservative groups that have opposed the law and negotiated with lawmakers.
Top staffers, including budget director Mick Mulvaney and Tom Price, have made frequent calls to legislators, people familiar with the calls said. Vice President Mike Pence has huddled with conservative groups and frequently trekked to Capitol Hill. 
Several people with knowledge of the discussions said having Trump on the golf course wasn’t a bad thing for his team, who could wade more into the nitty-gritty and have “real talk” with the conservatives. They fear that when he meets with legislators or interest groups that he’ll promise them too much – or change the terms under discussion altogether. “It’s easier to negotiate sometimes without Trump,” one adviser said. 
On Monday, Trump’s team continued heated discussions with lawmakers, but the president was fixated on investigations into Russia’s meddling in the 2016 election and the related congressional hearings. 
Advisers say he is very much interested in the law passing – and believes that if it doesn’t, that would be considered “a failure that hurts his presidency,” as one White House official put it. But they acknowledge that he’s less compelled by the substance of the law – the fine details of who wins or who loses. “He’s very interested in having it happen,” said Newt Gingrich, a top ally. “He’s not vested in every single piece of it.”
Trump has told several legislators and aides that he knows the current proposal wouldn’t be perfect, but one person who frequently speaks to him said the president believes “they’d fix it in the next phases”—something President Barack Obama also hoped would be true of his signature health care law, the Affordable Care Act, when it passed in 2009. “He is tired of seeing it criticized on TV,” the person added. 
He recently had Rep. Scott DesJarlais, a Tennessee Republican skeptical of the law, fly with him on Air Force One back from a Nashville rally. Trump made a case for the House law, trying to win a vote. In another meeting, he huddled with conservatives in the White House and asked individual members for their votes. Trump is speaking at the Republican conference meeting tomorrow, according to sources.
“The Congressman has problems with the legislation as it stands. He continues to discuss potential improvements with his House colleagues and the President,” said Brendan Thomas, a spokesman for DesJarlais.
Members of Speaker Paul Ryan’s team, trying to appeal to Trump’s ego and deal-making sensibilities, have begun calling him the “closer” or the "ultimate closer.” 
Gingrich said he believes the House will get the votes to keep the bill going, but that Trump will have to wheel and deal through the Senate and conference phases. “That will be tougher,” he said. “Trump’s job at each stage is to keep it alive.”
On Saturday night, Trump was focused on closing a different deal. Noting that Dershowitz, a Democrat, voted for Clinton in 2016, Trump told the emeritus Harvard Law professor that he wanted to change his mind. 
“If I can get this guy to vote for me in 2020, it would be a real accomplishment,” Dershowitz said Trump told him. The law professor added: “He was in a really good mood.”



ARTICLE
The White House was knocked on the defensive ahead of its biggest week yet on Capitol Hill after FBI Director James Comey confirmed the existence of an active investigation into Russia’s meddling in the presidential election, including whether there was any coordination with now-President Donald Trump’s team.
The dramatic revelation, made at a Monday hearing of the House Intelligence Committee, dragged the Trump administration yet again back into uncomfortable territory just as it had hoped to highlight the smooth rollout of Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch, who began his confirmation hearings across the Capitol on Monday.
Story Continued Below
In another blow to Trump, Comey and National Security Agency Director Mike Rogers also publicly refuted his unsubstantiated claims on Twitter that President Barack Obama had ordered a wiretap of Trump Tower phones. The leaders of the House and Senate Intelligence Committees had said last week that Trump’s allegations were untrue.
“I have no information that supports those tweets, and we have looked carefully inside the FBI,” Comey said.
The president himself had an opportunity to respond on Monday, but Trump ignored the growing controversy while running a campaign style rally in Louisville, Kentucky, where he hit well-used talking points from his 2016 run and sought to rally Republicans to his cause. Trump praised an array of Republican leaders, including Sens. Mitch McConnell and Rand Paul, and also noted that Republicans collectively had the most power as a party since the 1920s. 
Meanwhile, the White House scrambled to contain the fallout, deploying two simultaneous war rooms, according to two people familiar with the arrangement, one in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building to monitor the Comey hearing and another in the Senate offices to keep tabs on Gorsuch.
But any hopes in the West Wing for a split-screen day were dashed with the revelation of an active probe into campaign associates of the president. At the White House, televisions in the press offices played the Comey hearing as it ran live on all the cable networks.
“I have been authorized by the Department of Justice to confirm that the FBI, as part of our counterintelligence mission, is investigating the Russian government’s efforts to interfere in the 2016 presidential election,” Comey said. “And that includes investigating the nature of any links between individuals associated with the Trump campaign and the Russian government.”
Comey said the probe will “include an assessment of whether any crimes were committed.”
Comey himself tried not to overstate the investigation, and he drew laughter when pushed on whether talk of Trump’s ties to Russia was a form of “McCarthyism.”
“I try very hard not to engage in any ‘isms’ of any kind, including McCarthyism,” he said.
He also revealed that the FBI launched its investigation into possible ties between Trump’s campaign and Russian officials back in July — a detail that enraged allies of Hillary Clinton, considering Comey chose to confirm the existence of the probe into her email arrangement but not the one into Trump’s campaign.
The White House tried to downplay Comey’s testimony, as Trump escaped to Louisville for a rally where he won a thunderous reception from an adoring crowd that cared not about whatever had been said on Capitol Hill earlier in the day. “We’re in the heartland of America and there is no place I would rather be than here with you tonight,” Trump said. Back in Washington, Trump press secretary Sean Spicer was peppered with questions as he insisted the FBI investigation would reveal no wrongdoing. “As has been previously reported, Director Comey confirmed that the FBI is investigating Russia’s role in interfering with the election,” Spicer said. “Following this testimony, it’s clear that nothing has changed. Senior Obama intelligence officials have gone on record to confirm that there is no evidence of a Trump-Russia collusion. The Obama CIA director said so, Obama’s director of national intelligence said so, and we take them at their word.”  Spicer also repeatedly tried to cast former national security adviser Michael Flynn as the victim of illegal leaks, seeking to point reporters' focus to the circumstances around which Flynn's pre-inauguration phone calls with the Russian ambassador were revealed. It was a tactic followed by Republicans on Capitol Hill, who mostly ignored Russian interference in the election and opted to focus on leaks to the press.
During the briefing, Spicer sought to minimize the role in the campaign of some people who have been linked to Russia or WikiLeaks, including former campaign adviser Carter Page, longtime Trump confidant Roger Stone and former campaign Chairman Paul Manafort.
Manafort played a “limited role” in the campaign, Spicer said, despite the fact that Manafort managed the campaign as chairman throughout much of the summer and through the Republican National Convention. Spicer said he is not aware of anyone currently serving in the White House who is a subject of the FBI investigation.
In addition to Gorsuch’s confirmation, the House is pushing for a floor vote Thursday on the plan of Speaker Paul Ryan and the White House to repeal and replace Obamacare. There was some hope that the focus on Comey and Gorsuch could allow House whips and Trump vote-counters a chance to round up support for the bill without the full glare of the media, but one senior White House aide dismissed the idea. 
“I don’t think I’m clever enough to figure out how to use the Comey hearing to get votes for health care,” the official said. 
Trump’s war room teams, meanwhile, offered a preview of what is likely to come as they cherry-picked elements from Comey and Rogers to make it seem as if Russia hadn’t meddled in the election.
“The NSA and FBI tell Congress that Russia did not influence electoral process,” Trump tweeted with a clip of the testimony from the official @POTUS account.
That is not accurate, or, at the least, is misleading. Comey and Rogers testified that Russia had not altered vote tallies, though they acknowledged they could not judge whether the Russian efforts had any influence on voters.
Trump himself began the pushback before the hearings even began, with a burst of morning tweets attacking the media, Clinton, polls and the Democratic Party. “The real story that Congress, the FBI and all others should be looking into is the leaking of Classified information. Must find leaker now!” Trump tweeted.
Republicans on the Hill followed that lead, aggressively questioning how classified information had leaked while giving lighter treatment to the existence of the FBI investigation and its implications for the president.
Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-S.C.) seemed to suggest that journalists should be prosecuted for printing classified information. He implored Comey to say leaks to The Washington Post and The New York Times were being investigated. (Comey declined.) 
Meanwhile, Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes (R-Calif.) said the Clinton Foundation and Clinton campaign need more examination regarding Russia ties. And Republican Rep. Mike Conaway of Texas tried to cast doubt on the intelligence community’s conclusion that Russian interference aimed to help Trump.
The top Democrat on the panel, Rep. Adam Schiff of California, tried to keep the focus on the newly confirmed FBI probe.
“If the Trump campaign, or anybody associated with it, aided or abetted the Russians, it would not only be a serious crime, it would also represent one of the most shocking betrayals of our democracy in history,” Schiff said.
Henry C. Jackson contributed to this story.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump will huddle with Republican lawmakers at the Capitol on Tuesday to make a final pitch for the House GOP leadership’s proposed Obamacare replacement, according to GOP sources. 
It’s the last sales pitch before an expected Thursday vote on the measure, which faces uncertain prospects in a sharply divided GOP conference. House leaders have expressed optimism in recent days that they can convince nearly all of their Republican colleagues to back the measure, which has faced alternating criticism from conservative and moderate factions. 
Story Continued Below
Trump’s presence on Capitol Hill is a signal of how crucial the legislation is to the rest of Trump’s first-term agenda. Trump has been lobbying lawmakers in recent days to try to unify the GOP caucus around the measure, dubbed the American Health Care Act.



ARTICLE
House leaders scrapped their plans to vote on their Obamacare repeal bill Friday afternoon, a stunning early setback for President Donald Trump’s administration that effectively halts the GOP's efforts to dismantle the 2010 health care law. 
The decision came after Trump on Thursday night threatened to leave Obamacare in place if the House failed to advance their health care plan Friday. And leading Republicans are now acknowledging that President Barack Obama's health care law — seven years after its passage and after countless GOP attempts to destroy it — is the "law of the land." 
Story Continued Below
Despite last-minute concessions to both conservative and moderate Republicans, House leaders struggled to unite a party that has vastly different visions for the government's role in the health care system. Key moderates started to peel away from the bill Friday morning, raising doubts about whether the controversial plan could survive. And conservatives held firm they would accept nothing less than full repeal of Obamacare. 
Trump, who has frequently argued that Republicans would benefit politically if Obamacare collapsed on his watch, seems ready to move on to tax reform, the next big item on his legislative agenda. 
Here's a live rundown of Friday's action:
Trump blames Democrats, 5:20 p.m. He was quick to blame Democrats for failure of the GOP’s bill, predicting that they will want to work with the administration if Obamacare collapses.
“A lot of people don't realize how good our bill was,” Trump said in the Oval Office. “But with no Democratic support we couldn’t quite get there.” Trump said the “best thing we can do politically speaking is let Obamacare explode and it's exploding right now.”
The big question now is whether Obamacare can survive with a Congress and an administration that are hostile to the law. Even though there were larger premium increases this year and a number of insurers abandoned the exchanges, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office this month said it believes the law’s insurance marketplaces are viable. 
Dems celebrate. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi called the decision by Republican leaders to scrap the Obamacare repeal bill a “victory for the American people. For our seniors, for people with disabilities, for our children, four our veterans.”
“It's pretty exciting for us," she said in a Capitol Hill press conference. 
House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer said Congress should not abandon efforts to improve the health care system. “I hope that we can work with the administration and with the other side. And not just abandon this effort.”
Ryan: Obamacare is ‘law of the land,’ 4:15p.m. House Speaker Paul Ryan, after announcing his decision to pull the GOP’s health bill, said "we're going to be living with Obamacare for the foreseeable future."
"I don't know what else to say other than Obamacare is the law of the land," added a frustrated Ryan. “It's going to remain the law of the land until it's replaced."
He said Republican leadership still believed the GOP bill was "the way to go," but "we didn't quite get there on the votes." 
GOP lawmakers: The bill is dead. Rep. Michael Burgess (R-Texas), who chairs the Energy and Commerce health subcommittee, is ready to move on. “We tried. We tried our hardest. There were people who were not interested in solving the problem. They win today," he said. 
Greg Walden, who chairs the Energy and Commerce Committee, also seems to be looking forward. “We have a lot of health care issues to deal with. We tried our best on this one."
White House ally MIA in repeal fight, 3:20 p.m. As the fate of the repeal bill hangs in the balance, White House aides are wondering what happened to an outside group that was created to boost Trump’s agenda. The nonprofit, America First Policies, has been gripped by internal turmoil, sidelining what could have been a key ally in the repeal push. As POLITICO’s Shane Goldmacher writes, “there have been no TV ads, no brushbacks of wayward GOP lawmakers and no pointed reminders in key districts that every Republican nationwide ran on a platform or repealing and replacing President Obama’s namesake health care law.”
Spicer: Trump has given his all, 1:40 p.m. White House press secretary Sean Spicer said the White House still wants a vote Friday, as he defended Trump’s role in pushing the bill. Trump “has left everything on the field when it comes to this bill,” Spicer said. “The president and his team have committed everything they can to making this thing happen. And the speaker is going to continue to update him on the way forward.”
Spicer reiterated that negotiations on the bill are done and Republicans now have to decide whether to make good on their years-long pledge to repeal and replace Obamacare. 
“I think at the end of the day — you know, I said this yesterday — you can't force people to vote,” he said. “But I think we've given them every single reason to fulfill every pledge that they've made, and I think this is the right thing to do.”
Ryan heads to White House, 12:40 p.m. House Speaker Paul Ryan made an unexpected visit to the White House to brief President Donald Trump on the status of the GOP’s contentious Obamacare repeal bill just hours before the House is expected to vote on the measure. 
Ryan’s meeting with Trump at the eleventh hour raises serious concerns about the fate of the bill. A wave of other centrists have come out against the bill, citing concerns that it more barriers to coverage and care. Many members of the conservative House Freedom Caucus also remain opposed to the bill and demand full repeal of Obamacare. 
House tees up repeal vote, 11:30 a.m. The House took a procedural step to set up final vote on Obamacare repeal. The chamber voted 230-194 to let debate move forward on the bill. Six Republicans voted no, but that doesn’t indicate how the vote on final passage will turn out. 
New amendments can’t be offered on the floor, and debate will last four hours. That sets up a late afternoon vote on final passage. 
Veep clears his schedule. Vice President Mike Pence has canceled plans to travel to the NCAA basketball tournament today to help corral support for the bill. 
House chairman will vote against bill, 11:05 a.m. Rodney Frelinghuysen (R-N.J.), who leads the powerful Appropriations Committee, announced he’ll oppose the bill, citing major cuts to Medicaid in a state that expanded the program under Obamacare. He also said stripping out the law’s benefit requirements would “raise serious coverage and cost issues.”
Potential problems for the GOP bill, 10:50 a.m. Over at the Incidental Economist blog, law professor Nicholas Bagley points out a slew of potential problems with the GOP plan to eliminate Obamacare’s coverage requirements (i.e. “essential health benefits”) next year. The most fundamental issue: Insurers are already well into the process of crafting 2018 health plans. 
The GOP bill, in a late revision yesterday, would instruct states to determine their own benefit requirements. This would potentially create a logistical and administrative nightmare if health plans have to wait on states to make this determination.
So what might lead Republicans to propose such an unwieldy approach? One plausible theory: It’s all about appeasing the Senate parliamentarian.
The language pertaining to coverage requirements isn’t entirely new. It was part of the very first draft of the American Health Care Act leaked to POLITICO last month (see page 44 of the draft). But there was a crucial difference: the language deferring coverage requirements to states wouldn’t have taken effect until 2020. 
Speeding up implementation to 2018 creates an unusual dynamic for the next two years. Obamacare's subsidy structure tied to income will remain in place, limiting how much beneficiaries can pay for coverage. But Obamacare’s 10 benefit requirements will no longer be in effect. What that means is impossible to predict. Will states require coverage of fewer benefits? More benefits? Fail to take any action whatsoever? (potentially setting up a new round of health reform lawsuits, as Bagley posits.)
But one thing is fairly certain: It will change how much the federal government spends on subsidies in the next two years. That could be enough to convince the parliamentarian that it passes the Byrd test — and keeps alive the GOP dream of jamming the House bill through the Senate next week.
Administration officials not making predictions, 10:05 a.m. HHS Secretary Tom Price refused to answer questions about what would happen if the House bill fails, telling CNN, “That’s palace intrigue.” He said he was optimistic the bill would have enough votes to pass, but in a later Fox News interview he reiterated that the White House is done negotiating. “The kinds of proposals and the kinds of changes that were agreed to yesterday, that's it,” Price said. “And as the president said yesterday, look, it is time to put up your vote.” 
White House budget director Mick Mulvaney said this morning that he didn’t know if the bill has enough votes to pass. “That’s up to the House to count their own votes,” he said on ABC’s “Good Morning America.”
Mulvaney also offered some advice to people who might be upset that the GOP plan would repeal Obamacare’s benefit requirements and let states set their own standards. If they don’t like what’s available in their state, he said, people should “figure out a way to change the state that you live in.”
Committee clears procedural hurdle, 9:07 a.m. The House Rules Committee advanced a rule to bring the GOP’s Obamacare repeal bill to the floor. It restricts new amendments from being offered on the floor and sets floor debate for four hours. 
Trump taunts House Freedom Caucus ahead of repeal vote, 8:23 a.m. — President Donald Trump this morning targeted House Freedom Caucus members who continue to oppose the GOP’s Obamacare repeal bill ahead of the planned vote. 
“The irony is that the Freedom Caucus, which is very pro-life and against Planned Parenthood, allows P.P. to continue if they stop this plan!” Trump tweeted. (The bill would cut off federal funding to Planned Parenthood for one year.
The president’s attack on the caucus comes after he failed to cut a deal with conservative lawmakers who demand a full repeal of Obamacare. Many caucus members say they’re still opposed to the bill.
Rules back in session, 7 a.m. The House Rules Committee convened to hammer out the final details of the measure which is expected to include repeal of Obamacare’s requirement that insurers cover benefits like hospitalization, prescription drugs, mental health and maternity care. It’s also expected to include an additional $15 billion fund for states to use for maternity and behavioral health services.
"This amendment is all about ensuring that states can design health care plans that are right for them,” House Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady said as work resumed. "The critics will say that Washington is abandoning important provisions in health care law, like mental health care or substance abuse ... But that is not true. What we are recognizing is each of these are important provisions to different people at different times in their lives."
Jason Millman, Paul Demko and Rachana Pradhan contributed to this report. 



ARTICLE
That an intruder who jumped the White House fence earlier this month managed to evade the Secret Service for more than 16 minutes could prompt significant reforms for the agency charged with protecting the president, House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz said Monday.
The Secret Service confirmed late last week that a California man jumped across a fence near the Treasury Department on March 10 and made his way onto the White House grounds, where Chaffetz said he was able to peer into windows and jiggle the handles on doors.
Story Continued Below
The suspect, Jonathan Tran, 26, faces up to 10 years behind bars if convicted. 
In its statement confirming the intruder’s length of stay on the White House grounds, the Secret Service said “immediate steps have been taken to mitigate lapses in security protocols even as the investigation continues.” But Chaffetz (R-Utah) said “structural changes” to the Secret Service could be in order, including separating its cybersecurity and protective missions or spinning it out of the Department of Homeland Security.
“This just keeps happening again and again and again. This, to me, though, it scares me because I really do think this is potentially the worst one, given the length of time, 17 minutes on the White House grounds undetected,” Chaffetz said on Fox News’s “Fox & Friends” Monday morning. “That can never, ever happen and yet it happened again.”
The Utah lawmaker said the Secret Service is not adequately staffed for its mission, falling 1,000 agents and officers short of where it should be. He praised Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly, with whom he will meet Monday, as well as the “good men and women who are working hard” at the Secret Service, but said issues at the top remain.
“I just don't see the leadership, and they're in the past,” Chaffetz said. “I’ve got great optimism about Secretary Kelly, though.”



ARTICLE
FBI Director James Comey confirmed Monday that the FBI is investigating Russia’s meddling in the 2016 presidential election, including possible links between the Trump campaign and Moscow.
He also shot down President Donald Trump's explosive claim that President Barack Obama wiretapped Trump Tower in the run-up to the election.
Story Continued Below
Comey told the House Intelligence Committee at a hearing that the bureau normally does not comment on the existence of counterintelligence investigations, but that he was authorized by the Justice Department to do so in this case because of the extraordinary public interest.
“This will also include an assessment of whether any crimes were committed,” Comey told the intelligence panel, explaining that the investigation began in late July. He said he could not give a timeline or comment further on the matter but pledged to "follow the facts wherever they lead."
Comey also said he had "no information" to support Trump's claim, made on Twitter, about Trump Tower being wiretapped by his predecessor.
“I have no information that supports those tweets, and we have looked carefully inside the FBI,” Comey said. He added that the Justice Department had also looked for evidence to support the president’s allegation and could not find any.
Comey noted that "some folks may want to make comparison to past instances where the Department of Justice and the FBI have spoken about the details of some investigations,” an apparent reference to his decision to speak publicly before the election about the FBI’s investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails. He said the difference was that “those involved the details of completed investigations.”
Republicans on the committee focused their questions on getting to the bottom of who leaked to the news media the fact that former national security adviser Michael Flynn had pre-inauguration conversations with Russia's ambassador. 
"Whether Russia attempted to influence our democratic process is incredibly important," said Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-S.C.). "Some of that may rise to the level of a crime. Some of it does not rise to the level of a crime. One thing you and I agree on is the felonious dissemination of classified material most definitely is a crime."
Comey declined to say whether the FBI was investigating the potential leak of classified information related to Flynn, but he said that such a leak would be taken very seriously.
His acknowledgment that the counterintelligence investigation into Russia's election meddling began in July is significant, as it means the FBI was looking into the matter during the height of the presidential campaign. In October, then-Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) sent a letter to Comey accusing him of having a "double standard" because he was willing to speak out about Clinton's emails but not about Trump's links to Russia.
"It has become clear that you possess explosive information about close ties and coordination between Donald Trump, his top advisors, and the Russian government," Reid wrote. "The public has a right to know this information."
National Security Agency Director Mike Rogers, who testified alongside Comey, told the committee there was no evidence of any votes actually being changed by the Russians. 
Trump's official Twitter account pointed to Rogers’ comments during the hearing, writing: “The NSA and FBI tell Congress that Russia did not influence electoral process.”
Later in the hearing, Comey said it was not “our intention” to say that Russia’s actions had no impact on the election. Asked specifically about Trump’s tweet, he said: “We've offered no opinion, have no view, have no information on potential impact because that's not something we've looked at.”
But, he added, “We saw no efforts aimed at the vote itself.”
Minutes before Comey's highly anticipated testimony, the intelligence panel's ranking Democrat, Rep. Adam Schiff of California, scolded Trump on the president's platform of choice: Twitter.
“Mr. President, the Russians hacked our election and interfered. No one disputes this now, but you. This is what is called 'fact,'” Schiff wrote in a series of tweets denouncing Trump's claim that Obama wiretapped Trump Tower. “The intelligence community concluded the Russians will interfere again. This is why full investigation is important to country. Please stop.”
Schiff followed with more tweets directed at the president, saying there’s no evidence Obama or the British government surveilled him. 
“Your suggestion British wiretapped you & jape with Merkel are harming our relationships with key allies. This is called ‘collateral damage,’” Schiff tweeted, a reference to White House press secretary Sean Spicer’s claim last week that the U.K.’s intelligence apparatus might have spied on Trump. The White House has since promised to the U.K. that it wouldn’t repeat those allegations. 
Schiff’s messages were in response to a series of early morning tweets from the president on Monday. Hours before Comey was to testify, Trump tweeted that there’s no evidence that he colluded with Russia and that any claims that he did are “fake news.” He blamed Democrats for fabricating the story “as an excuse for running a terrible campaign.”
At the start of the hearing, Schiff delivered a lengthy speech running through the public evidence of links between Trump associates and Moscow. He leaned heavily on an unsubstantiated "dossier" compiled by a former British intelligence agent.
“If the Trump campaign, or anybody associated with it, aided or abetted the Russians, it would not only be a serious crime, it would also represent one of the most shocking betrayals of our democracy in history,” Schiff said.



ARTICLE
Edward Isaac-Dovere: You used to teach.
Rep. David Brat: Yep.
Story Continued Below
Dovere: If you were telling your students about the last couple of days, couple of weeks of this, what would you tell them? How would you tell them about what’s going on? 
Brat: Yeah. No. I’m glad—I taught economics, right? And some people think that, by definition, is ideological or whatever, but there’s not really much alternative to free-market economics. I mean, that’s what we teach, is markets, right, supply-and-demand curve. And, so, I would just get into the economics of it, right? And, so, in every market under the sun, for every good, or if you just look at an intro./micro. book, you’ve got, kind of, the four basic models, right? Monopoly is the worst outcomes and perfect competition is kind of utopian thing that’s in fiction land, a little bit—

Dovere: Right.
Brat: —doesn’t exist in the real world. But it results, in theory, in the lowest price and best quality, and highest quantity. And monopoly is exact opposite, right? It’s all the worst outcomes in the book, and in the middle, you’ve got monopolistic competition and oligopoly. And, so, I just say let’s look at healthcare. Right? Where does that fit? And what kind of outcomes would social science predict? Which, so, I’m kind of glad you asked the question, because, right, I mean, the last thing you ever hear up here is social science. And, I mean, I could tell you my grad school jokes.
Dovere: You can go for it. 
Brat: In certain rooms around campus—and you can be creative on which rooms you might think. We had signs that said “The social sciences are neither.” Right? So that’s the joke, right—the social sciences are neither. But—
Dovere: I was a humanities guy, so I don’t know. 
Brat: That’s—I went to seminary, so—I’m half humanities. And, then, I did a Ph.D. in economics, right? So, but you do the best you can, and there’s no better, right? So Milton Friedman and all the latest and greatest say you put out the best hypothesis you can. You try to falsify it, and whatever’s left standing is the best theory you have. 
And, so, economic theory, when you address it to healthcare, and you look at the design, and Milton Freedman would have said, “When you aim at a policy target, hit it.” Right? And the problem with healthcare is, we don’t even know what the target is. 
And, so, right now, when it comes to the House bill, there’s a few targets that we got to hit, and we’re not really aiming at any of them.
Dovere: Are you amazed—and we’ve been talking about Obamacare repeal for a long time—
Brat: Yeah.
Dovere: —for longer than you’ve been in Congress. 
Brat: Yep.
Dovere: That we are sitting here, today, and you say we still don’t know what the target is. Is that just amazing to you? 
Brat: Yeah, it is amazing. 
Dovere: Whose fault [ph] is that?
Brat: Well, it’s politics. And that’s the problem, right? Politics is dominating policy. So, you have one group. Five percent of the population has pre-existing conditions, and it counts—that 5% of people account for over half of the costs. So, and that’s not an insurance problem. They can’t get insurance. No one will cover them economically, right? So there’s kind of a market failure, right, and you won’t get me to say that too often, right? 
Dovere: Mm-hmm.
Brat: But that—there’s a market failure, where we have to step in with a safety net and welfare policy, and so we need—that’s the target, right? So you need to help these people, and help that target. 
But, then, you don’t want that logic to overwhelm your macro-theory on healthcare, and you don’t want that logic to apply to 300 million people, right? So, then, you want to put pure competition in play for hospitals and insurance companies and the healthcare market, et cetera. And, so, we’re not doing that. 
My big talking point the whole week has been the insurance regulations are the key piece. They’re driving the costs up. And, so, Obamacare, when it was initiated, paid almost sole attention to coverage, right? The insurance guys walked in the White House looking at their shoes, kind of embarrassed. And eight years later, we’re in a death spiral. That’s why they were looking at their shoes, by the way, right? 
Dovere: Mm-hmm.
Brat: They knew the system they had designed didn’t meet Econ 101 logic. So, now, we’re in a death spiral, and I think we’re about ready to make the same mistake. Everyone is focused on coverage. The CBO is all about coverage. You just heard the Democrats. It’s all about coverage. And no one holds them accountable to Econ 101. The prices are going up 25%. Right? And that’s just the on average—and so how do you fix that? Well, you’ve got to get people shopping, and it’s not all, you know, bad intent. After World War II, we did the employer-based healthcare. That was a huge distortion and a mistake. But, now, it’s embedded, so going after that politics is very difficult. 
But that—basically, you gave a tax-preferred treatment to the employer-provided care, pre-tax, right? So the person gets compensation in the form of healthcare, and then you’ve got a $30 copay, and you go into the doctor and pay your 30 bucks, and everything else is free, right? The marginal cost is zero. Well, guess what happens when the marginal benefit is high and the marginal cost is zero? You consume a lot of stuff, and that’s what’s wrong with healthcare, right? So we’ve gone that model, and this is very fixable. But the politics kind of dominates the logic lately. 
Dovere: We’re two months into the new administration. We have a Republican majority in the House. We have a Republican majority in the Senate. A Republican president who said, over and over again, how committed he was to Obamacare repeal.
Brat: Right.
Dovere: How are we still so far, in your mind, from there being a solution to this?
Brat: Right. Well, there’s a lot of competing and conflicting policy objectives, right? The president wants to cover all people, in some way. And we want to bring down costs, and we want to have competition across state lines, right? And it’s very hard to achieve that, right? And, so, that’s what we’re trying to sort out right now.
And, but, just going with fundamentals there, I think the key is, is most of us have in mind the promise we made. Repeal and replace. And it started off eight years ago, just repeal. And then it was repeal and replace with free-market outcomes right? And now it’s repeal and replace with the basic structure of Obamacare. I’ve got the National Journal right over here this morning. The front-page article—conservative theorists and liberal theorists from the think tanks both agree that the primary architecture of Obamacare remains in place our bill. Right?
And, so, that’s—those of us who are opposed to it, that’s why we’re opposed, right? We don’t want that fundamental, federal architecture.
Dovere: Was it—Speaker Ryan said this was the plan that we ran on last year, and then people have been a little confused of what—
Brat: Yeah.
Dovere: —he means by the plan, since the plan seems to be changing? Was the mistake not being more ready to go, not having this debate last year or some time before six, seven weeks into the presidency? 
Brat: Ah, yeah. I think–we’ve been talking about having regular order. This really wasn’t regular order, right? And just in terms of sixth-grade civics class, how do you know what common sense is? Well, he had a better way of agenda, and Rand Paul’s got a bill. And in eighth-grade civics sense, you’d want a debate, on the floor. Right? The old, kind of model of great spokesmen standing up and debating each other. “My bill’s better. My—” That never happened. We have never had a debate between competing ideas. It was, kind of, the better-way agenda which laid out, kind of, bullet points. But it did not contain a lot that’s in that bill, right? And that’s what’s causing a lot of the heartache.
Dovere: So what’s your level of confidence, at this point? That we’re going to have a bill—
Brat: No.
 Dovere: You’re shaking your head. There’s not going to be a bill that passes the House and passes the Senate—
 Brat: Not this one. Not this one. Right. I don’t even think it’s close, so we—
 Dovere: Will there be a bill that gets to the president’s desk, that he signs, that does anything that you feel like is significant in terms of Obamacare repeal, from what you’ve seen so far? 
Brat: Yeah, I think so. They want to get to yes, and I think they know, the primary impetus has got to be on keeping your word, right? So the repeal side. So the moderates now, in the Senate, especially. I mean, they want everything. Medicaid expansion, increased tax credit. Increase everything. Well, that’s not the promise we made. Right? We never said repeal and increase—
 Dovere: Right [LAUGHS].
 Brat: —everything under the sun, right? So that, I think, when you go back to your base, and I hope we don’t forget our base. But, no, we’ll get there, and it—basically, the answer is, if you put bucket two, right, the insurance regs that Tom Price is going to work on as secretary, in the bill. And then you run into this Byrd Rule nonsense, which we can overcome, I think, fairly easily. 
And I’m not saying that. We talked with the national experts on that Byrd Rule stuff. And it’s—Pence gets into the Chair, and the Parliamentarian counsels you, and then the Chair says, “Thank you very much for the counsel. Let’s vote.” Right? And the Senate is, based on what I just told—what they want, they’re using that as a block. 
 Dovere: But Pence in the Chair only matters if you’re at 50/50, and there are more than—you’ve got a three-seat Republican majority in the Senate. 
 Brat: Yeah.
 Dovere: There are more than three Republican Senators who are on the fence here about this, right?
Brat: Well, and it—some of it has to do, though, with the—with the, he serves as the Chair of the Senate, and so back—Mike Lee [ph] talked on this last night, a little bit. But the reason we’re at where we’re at on the 2015 repeal bill, that’s the part we’re insisting on, right? That we want to see as the base line. And that was a compromise package that came out two years ago and dealt with the Byrd Rule. But the reason they had to reach that compromise was because Biden was in the chair. And it didn’t have to do with a 50/50 vote—
Dovere: Got it. Okay. Right.
Brat: —it has to do with he’s the chair, right? And, so, there’s a—there’s some complexity with that. But it’s—
 Dovere: All the Parliamentary rules, right?
 Brat: Right. Right. And just so people out there know, the criterion for overcoming the Byrd Rule is just that it has to have budgetary impact. And, so, I mean, everybody in their right mind knows the insurance regs have a huge impact on the budget, for real, right? And Paul Ryan’s even arguing that we’re having, after three years, we finally get the price to come down 10%. And guess what drives that 10% price reduction? We got rid of the platinum/gold/silver thing. That’s a regulation 
Dovere: I mean, I remember the week after the election, talking to some of the Obama folks—
 Brat: Yeah.
 Dovere: —who said, you know what, if they want to change, make a couple of tweaks to it, and keep Obamacare, that’s fine. 
 Brat: Right.
 Dovere: They can call it whatever they want. Obama himself said stuff like that. 
 Brat: Right.
 Dovere: I went out to Chicago for that farewell speech that Obama did.
 Brat: Yeah.
 Dovere: Afterwards, one of the people who’d worked on Obamacare said to me, “I will bet you money they don’t repeal Obamacare.” And now, in these last couple of weeks—
 Brat: Right.
Dovere: —the Democrats, they are giddy, basically.
 Brat: Right.
 Dovere: They think you guys—
 Brat: I know.
 Dovere: —are killing each other. 
 Brat: Right.
 Dovere: So is there going to—you really think there’s a bill that will make you happy that the president will sign?
Brat: It’s not going to ever make me totally happy—
 Dovere: Right.
 Brat: —but I get the nature of this thing, right? And, so, the key, for me, when you started off with the economics, I got it. That’s got to be what’s there. You’ve got to have—you can have the central government come in on the welfare side, on the safety-net side, on the preexisting conditions issue, block grants the states [ph], and funding is not—we’re not squabbling about that, which is unique, right?
 Dovere: Right.
 Brat: We’re willing to give up quite a bit there if you give me that free-market logic going forward on healthcare for 300 million people.
Dovere: Right.
 Brat: The whole country—there’s no way I can write with—I’d be sued for malpractice—having taught economics—
 Dovere: [LAUGHS].
 Brat: —I mean, it would be malpractice for me to sign off on a bill that doesn’t have that market logic, and everybody back home knows what I ran on.
 Dovere: Yeah.
 Brat: I mean, I ran on Adam Smith and James Madison. 
 Dovere: Yeah.
 Brat: That’s what I ran on. And, so, they’re going to say, “And you’re voting for”—right? They know. They know who I am. So I’m not—I’m not close until we get that logic in place.
Dovere: And so, I mean, what happens if there’s not a repeal, right? You said don’t forget the base. What—
 Brat: Right.
 Dovere: —what’s the, what is the consequence of that, if—if we get to a bill that either doesn’t have enough support in the Senate so that—
 Brat: Right.
 Dovere: —it doesn’t have—the role sort of, consequentially doesn’t have enough support in the House—
 Brat: Yep.
 Dovere: —and so it doesn’t move at all. Or passes the House and doesn’t get through the Senate. 
 Brat: Yep. Well, then the messaging just overwhelmingly is, what’s going to happen is, Obamacare is in a death spiral. It’s collapsing. And that collapse is going to continue. And Trump’s kind of said it, right? The cynical play is just to ride it out and show the internal logic of what they put in place. The car’s in the ditch.
Dovere: Yeah.
 Brat: We didn’t put the car in the ditch. Right? So the car—and they’ll have to message like crazy. Our side is not good at messaging. Right? Trump is the first guy we got that’s out there. He’s—[OVERLAPPING].
 Dovere: [LAUGHS]. The Democrats always talk about how your side does much better at messaging.
 Brat: [LAUGHS] Oh, really? That’s—I—
 Dovere: —is a surprise to you? 
 Brat: Based on the last Town Hall I had, it’s a surprise to me, right? I had red cards a-blazing and boo’ing after 20 seconds.
Dovere: Was that a surprise, like, it having that kind of—
 Brat: Oh, yeah. That was all brand-new. 
 Dovere: Yeah. 
 Brat: No one knew that was coming. 
 Dovere: And do you feel like that’s reflecting something that has changed about the politics in this country, or—
 Brat: All the Democrats told me. I mean, they—we all get along personally, right? They’re just—but they—the Democrat activists in my district, they said, “We were asleep, and we’re ticked at ourself.” I mean, that, they said came out and said, “We were sleeping. Trump won. We thought Hillary had it. And now we’re ticked, right?
Dovere: Right [LAUGHS]. 
 Brat: So now they’re ticked at themselves. And, so, now they’re just—
 Dovere: They’re just going to take it out on you is what you feel like [ph].
 Brat: They’re just—they’re just—oh—they’re ticked—right. I’m the—right. I’m the available guy.
 Dovere: So there are about 30,000 people in your district who use the tax credits for insurance. 
 Brat: Right.
 Dovere: What do you say to them about that, the possibility of those going away?
Brat: The tax—under what scenario?
 Dovere: Well, I mean, in any of the scenarios here. If that could be the way that this bill ends up moving forward, what do you say to those people?
 Brat: Well, I don’t know what I’m talking about, quite yet. I mean, get rid—you mean, say, like, we get rid of the tax credit—the refundable tax credit? We’re not necessarily opposed to that provi—it’s how. We just had an amendment, in budget right now, that said we got to make sure that those tax credits don’t go to the higher-income folks, and they go only to the population in need. 
 Dovere: Mm-hmm.
Brat: And, so, that’s what we’re talking about, right? The safety-net part isn’t the part that’s in dispute. It’s the refundable tax credits, and, then, to able-bodied, right? The Democrats totally disagree. They just voted on another amendment, right there. They said the idea of work requirements is repugnant and a put-down to human beings. 
 I totally disagree. I mean, I know everybody in the disability community, across the—they all want their kids mainstreamed in school and mainstreamed in the workforce. And, so, I don’t know what the Democrats are talking about. I haven’t met a person out there who doesn’t want a job, and the idea of means testing, right, for able-bodied adults? I mean, if they want to have that debate, I’ll have it all day.
Dovere: I mean, I think one of the perspectives is that, it seems to me, you might have on this is your mother was a social worker, right? You know—
 Brat: Yeah.
 Dovere: —it was, you—this was, some of these issues, I’m sure, were on your mind, growing up—
 Brat: Yeah.
 Dovere: —and you’d seen from what she was doing. 
 Brat: Sure.
 Dovere: And—is that—how does that inform your perspective on how you go about doing this stuff?
Brat: Well, I’m an economist, and so I’m an efficiency guy, right? And, so, the first thing you do, when you want to help the poor, is you got to get them into the workforce. I mean, I’m a Calvinist, if that gives you any hint, right? So we’ve got the whole work-ethic thing. That’s my background. 
 And you don’t have to be a Calvinist. The Chinese and the Indians—when I started teaching econ 20 years ago, made $1,000 each, per person. Now they’re at $10,000, because they went free market. So, right? So they just lifted two and a half billion people out of poverty by using free markets. 
 And we’re moving away from free markets. And I—the burden is against me? Really? [LAUGHS]. I mean, all the evidence I know of, right, economic growth gets you everything you want, right? It gets you political rights, civil rights, women’s rights, civil liberties, higher educational attainment, higher human capital, clean air, clean water. Economic growth gets you everything. 
And, so, I don’t know how the other side debates and how we lose. That’s what I’m talking about in the messaging war. 
 Dovere: Mm-hmm.
 Brat: Right? In K to 12, the teachers are kind of neutral on education and capitalism and business. In higher ed, they’re antagonistic. Right? So we’re telling young people, what you do all day long, right, for nine hours or ten hours a day, is morally reprehensible. I mean, what a positive, uplifting message. [LAUGHS]. 
 Dovere: [LAUGHS] Let me bring something to you that you said back at the end of January, right. You got a lot of attention for this. You said, “The women are in my grill—
 Brat: Yeah.
 Dovere: —“no matter where I go.” 
 Brat: Yeah. 
 Dovere: How has that shaped things? So did the women who are in your grill, did they win? Did they succeed in blocking this up and making this a much harder thing? 
Brat: No. And that whole thing, the press, I mean, jacked data [ph], right? We’re dealing with trillion-dollar issues, and that is the news, right?
 Dovere: [LAUGHS].
 Brat: So in the first—a constituency—
 Dovere: Well, you saying, “in my grill,” I think, you got people—[OVERLAPPING]
 Brat: And I didn’t even know what a grill was. The constituents told me that. They said, “We’re going to get in your grill.” And I made the mistake of repeating that phrase. Whoops. Because I thought it was funny. And you’ll hear—right after—everyone’s laughing afterward. I never say a negative word about anybody, right? I went to seminary. 
It’s a—for me, it’s a joke. But, then, it went to the BuzzFeed, which, you can get a sense from the “Buzz”Feed, right? I mean, it’s the buzz saw, probably. And HuffPost. And, then, they view it. And then The Washington Post repeats it, because they’re left-wing fake news lately. And, then, all the local papers think, well, The Washington Post—[OVERLAPPING].
 Dovere: Well, let me stop you on the fake news thing.
 Brat: —printed it, and so you get [OVERLAPPING]—it blows up. Yeah.
 Dovere: Because that’s going around a lot. What is fake news, to you? 
Brat: Yeah. Fake news, to me, is when the Richmond Times-Dispatch—and since, they’ve been very good. But they had a first couple stories in The Washington Post. I had 500 meetings with constituents over the past two years. Never an interview with any of these papers on my positive contributions that I think I’ve made, right? Maybe they disagree with me, politically. But 500 meetings with constituents. And then, the headline after Trump wins, two weeks in, where’s Dave Brat? He can’t be found. No one can find him. And that’s—
 Dovere: And where is Dave Brat? [LAUGHS]
Brat: I know. Going around the district, right? Up here, working and voting. I mean, that’s fake news, right? And, so, when I’ve been the guy on the fiscal stuff, the budget deficit, the $100 in unfunded liabilities. Every—I go out to the press corps after every vote. Most people run away from the press. They’re scared. I go right into the press every day. And, so, fake news is when the narrative changes from “Dave’s everywhere,” which is what my district knows to be true to—the narrative changes to “Where’s Dave?” I mean, and then, you’re like, okay. And I don’t have a big megaphone, right? You don’t have a lot of money? 
 Dovere: Because, and I’m speaking as a journalist, here, of course. So this is a sensitive topic. [LAUGHTER]. 
Brat: Right, no. Don’t do fake news. 
 Dovere: Right. So, the original fake news, like, what that was, was, politically deployed—
 Brat: Right.
 Dovere: —actually made-up news.
 Brat: Right.
 Dovere: And your problem is with news you feel like is not taking into account the full picture of what’s going on—
 Brat: Yeah, right.
 Dovere: —or that’s pointed in a direction. 
 Brat: Right.
 Dovere: Right.
Brat: Right. And another example is, the job news—right, now, the opinion page is different.
 Dovere: Right.
 Brat: Right? If people want to take—hit me–I never—you can’t complain about that. That’s people’s opinion. But on the news, if there’s a piece on, like, healthcare, et cetera. People taking it to me on healthcare. That’s fine, but they always give me the worst-case scenario. What are you going to do about this particular individual, in a terrible position, after the car’s already in the ditch? What we’ve been talking about. 
 Dovere: Mm-hmm.
 Brat: Right? And there’s no context given about Obamacare in a death spiral, in the article. Right? So there’s no eight-year historical context. And it’s—I’m supposed to solve the problem immediately, for 300 million people.
 And, so, there’s always this, kind of, bias of “Well, what are you going to do about it?” And I’m, like, “Holy mo—that’s a big project.” Right? And, so, that—the news could really help by providing the context as to how we got here. And then, like, they weren’t also reporting on the main alternative bills out there. The Cruz bill, what is it? The Price bill, what is it? What’s Trump want? And that’s what I’m getting at. If the news would do that. And, then, they say, “Hey, we don’t find your answers sufficient,” that’s fine. I mean, that’s—
Dovere: It’s fair to say you’re not a fan of Obamacare, as a—
 Brat: Right.
 Dovere: —right. So let me ask you. Do you, and I’m going to ask you a, sort of, a worst-case scenario thing. 
 Brat: Yeah.
 Dovere: If you have the option of repealing Obamacare—
 Brat: Yep.
 Dovere: —or leaving it in place and, as you think it’s going to go, into a death spiral—
 Brat: Yeah.
 Dovere: —which is the better option, there? If you guys can’t agree on some kind of a replace plan? 
 Brat: Well, that’s a hypothetical. I mean, and you said—if what you—I’ll answer your question. I’d vote for the repeal. 
 Dovere: [LAUGHS]. 
Brat: Right?
 Dovere: So it’s better to be in the system that we had in 2009, right, than to let—
 Brat: Oh, that way, right. Just to repeal, you mean?
 Dovere: Yeah. 
 Brat: Without a replace.
 Dovere: I mean, you are more confident than some—
 Brat: Yeah.
 Dovere: —that there is a replace bill—
 Brat: Right.
 Dovere: —that could get through, that would be significant. So—
 Brat: Yeah.
 Dovere: So it is a hypothetical—
 Brat: Right.
 Dovere: —but it’s a—
 Brat: Yeah. No, no. 
 Dovere: —hypothetical, sort of, informed by where we are in these last couple of weeks. 
 Brat: Right. Right. And, so, no. I—so, I stick with it. I’d go with the repeal. And my emphasis—it’s always better to start off with free-market foundation and then add on the safety nights, right? Rationally and—
 Dovere: Right.
Brat: —intentionally, rather than start off with a socialist framework, which has already shown itself to fail in every country through history, by the way, and the decline of nations. Every nation, there’s one—it’s corruption and cronyism and et cetera at the federal level, right? That’s why nations fall apart, is due to federal-government corruption. And, so, that—all of our founders got that right? Right, the checks and balances. But now, DC, all the cranes are building in DC. And everybody knows what’s going on in the new Rome, here, right? 
Dovere: Right [LAUGHS]. There’s a lot of building going on. 
 Brat: Yeah, a lot of building here. Right. 
 Dovere: There are—one of the things that strikes me about what’s going on is that there are a lot of people who call themselves Republicans these days. There are a lot of people who call themselves conservatives these days.
 Brat: Yeah.
 Dovere: Not everybody seems to agree on what that means. 
 Brat: Right. That’s good. Right. Right.
 Dovere: So to you—
 Brat: Yep.
 Dovere: What is—in 2017—what does that mean, to be a conservative, to be a Republican, or, maybe, to be a conservative Republican? 
 Brat: Yeah, well, I mean, I’ve got a book on it, if your listeners have a hard time falling asleep. It’s all right there, American Underdog [ph], I mean, right. So this isn’t my thinking. 
Dovere: Right.
 Brat: The conservatives really don’t have an intellectual system, right? The Burkean notion is, it’s kind of an organic thing that’s built up over a long term of history. But the Judeo-Christian tradition, which gets you out of that—you get uniquely the rule of law—and the liberal system, right? I mean, that’s, kind of, the, right—conservatives are now the owners of classical liberalism—Jefferson, and Adam Smith, and all that—and then, after you get the rule of law, you get my guy, Madison, up on the wall there, and Jefferson, and the Virginians. And you get the separation of powers and the Constitution, and 18 enumerative powers for the federal government. And, then, if you’re really lucky, you get Adam Smith and free markets. 
Right? At the end of the—and that is all one intellectual tradition. Right? It’s basically a synthesis of the Judeo-Christian tradition and Greek reason. Right? In my Town Hall, I said that, and somebody said, “So you worship Zeus?” just as a—what I got to deal with, right? Just to have a little humor along the way. Right? I said, whatever. Okay. Moving on. But—
 Dovere: [LAUGHS]. And do you worship Zeus? Let’s just clear that up. 
 Brat: No, I’m kind of a monotheist lately, right? [LAUGHTER]. I love the Greeks, though. I like all of them [ph]. Whatever. But that’s it. That’s conservatism. It’s that trajectory, right? Twenty-four hundred years that resulted in Madison and Jefferson. They said, “What are you most proud of? What do you want on your tombstone?” Not president, not head of UVA. They’re most proud of their statutes on religious toleration. Unbelievable, right? I mean, that’s what they’re most proud of. They structured it. 
And, as a conservative, it’s kind of scary. In the school, the kids aren’t learning the basic grounding anymore, right? I tell kids, everyone says, “Well, there’s a separation of church and state, and Dave Brat’s a Presbyterian, and he wants everyone to follow his religion.” No. The First Amendment says “no establishment of religion.” But, comma, “free expression thereof.” Right? And, so, it’s both parts. It’s worked very well. And, along with that, our rights, in this tradition, come from God and precede government. And, so, the liberals at the Town Hall, I said that, and they were like, “Well, get rid of rights,” they shouted out. And I’m, like, really? That’s where we are? 
 I mean, then the liberals aren’t liberals anymore. Right? If that’s the view, it’s anarchy, because I’m basically a classical liberal, and liberal comes out of the root word “liberty”—
Dovere: Right.
 Brat: —which, I’m a big believer in. 
 Dovere: Do you think that Paul Ryan fits your definition of conservative Republican, at this point?
 Brat: Intellectually. That’s why I need a lot of aspirin at the end of the night. 
 Dovere: [LAUGHS]. 
 Brat: He’s trained in exactly like I am. He’s Hayekian [ph], Milton Friedman. He likes them. He’s free trade, right? And Hayek’s got a nice little idea called the fatal conceit. And the fatal conceit is to think that our little finite minds can do the mathematical calculations necessary to run an economy for 300 million people. That’s the fatal conceit. 
 And when it comes to healthcare, right, you’ve got Texas and California, huge differences in product diversity, what they want, how much freedom they want, what they want their states to do. And we’ve got a one-size solution that’s going to fix that. 
Dovere: Right.
 Brat: No. I don’t think so. So yeah. That’s why I get a headache. Because I don’t—Paul Ryan was trained in that, and then this is what the bill looks like. 
 Dovere: Right.
 Brat: And I know what he wants.
 Dovere: But maybe not just on Obamacare, right? Do you think that—is he—he’s been Speaker for a while now. 
 Brat: Yeah.
 Dovere: Has he been—governing, leading the House as a conservative Republican, by your definition of it?
Brat: Well, I mean, he’s got multiple hats on, right? He’s head of the conference and the politics, and, so, you’ve got a bunch of moderates and tough seats, and he wants to hold that together. And then he’s got this policy theory, where he probably agrees with me. And then those, you know, run into each other and collide when the policy conflicts with the politics. And, right now, the politics is winning too much. And, so, I don’t know if he’s all in charge of that or the Senate’s in charge of that. They’re ducking a lot of this, too. But that’s—the Tea Party movement was, kind of, you know, I’m—we’re sick of this. Whatever is doing this, we’re sick of it.
 And we just want to get common sense back and have these conservative outcomes, instead of a continuously expanding federal state.
Dovere: You probably know where I’m going. What about President Trump? Is he a conservative Republican by your definition of it? 
 Brat: He is just a unique character. I mean, he’s hard to define. He’s—I mean, he’s, kind of, doing, you know, the economic nationalism piece a little bit. He is—list of issues is conservative. He came out of the gate with a big agenda package, which was repeal and replacement of Obamacare, and I think he had the normal common sense of repeal. When he was campaigning, it wasn’t repeal and replace with expanded tax credit. I never heard that. You know, I never heard the big—right? So when he’s screaming it out and everyone’s yelling down in Florida and—
Dovere: Right.
 Brat: —wherever, I don’t think they had in mind a bigger federal government. 
 And, then regulatory reform. On that, you see the markets responding. So that’s conservative. Getting rid of regs. And there’s a whole host. But business already has a sense that the federal government is not coming after them anymore, and just lifting that fear, I think the markets feel relieved. And, then, third is tax reform. And he’s going to lower the corporate rate—one of the highest for 35, 39 all in, down to 20. And Larry Lindsey, the Harvard economist that did the Reagan cuts, is estimating 4% GDP growth and 8% wage growth, when we haven’t had wage growth in 30 years. 
So that’s, I think, his number-one piece, right? And so, I mean, that’s JFK, Reagan, whatever. That’s not partisan. JFK got tax cuts and got 5% real growth. So I’m not be—I don’t think that’s partisan. That’s what’s wrong with this city. 
 Dovere: But the question I asked you is whether you think he’s a conservative. 
 Brat: I think his agenda’s conservative. 
 Dovere: Yeah. 
Brat: I mean, he’s a New Yorker. Big, high—I mean, he’s—I mean, it—
 Dovere: [LAUGHS]. There’s nothing wrong with being a New Yorker. 
 Brat: He’s a Presbyterian on top of it, right? So, I mean, we’ll see. We’ll see how it all goes. 
 Dovere: I’m going to bet that you have an easier time getting in touch with the Trump White House than you did with the Obama White House. 
 Brat: Yeah. Oh, yeah. 
 Dovere: What are your dealings, like, with them? 
 Brat: Not much yet, because they’ve been ramping up. I mean, they’ve been putting everybody in, so they’re all busy, busy. I went over and saw Cohn, the economic advisor on the—our HSA healthcare stuff. And, then, we’re listening to them, but I haven’t been over, yet. And, that’s part of—once things settle down, I think you’ll see a much more aggressive, you know, stance on policy, with us working together. But they just got the Secretary at the first meeting last week–
Dovere: Right.
 Brat: And, so, they—that’s what they’ve been doing. And, so, I wish we had more meetings on healthcare, earlier. 
 Dovere: Have you dealt with the president, at all? 
 Brat: A little bit. He called last week. And I talked to him on the phone. He came and helped me in Virginia, right at the beginning. He liked my race against the—when I had my big win. 
 Dovere: [LAUGHS]. Your big win.
 Brat: Right [LAUGHS]. 
 Dovere: Your big win, which to remind people who may not remember, you took down the majority leader of the House, and I think you’re odds [ph] went 40 to 1? 
 Brat: Yeah.
 Dovere: You were so far down in the polls that most people were not even covering the race—
 Brat: Yeah.
Dovere: —on the night of the primary. I will tell you. I’m going to admit a little bit about my—we had a story ready to go that was about what Eric Cantor [ph], whom you beat, was going to do on immigration reform—
 Brat: Right.
 Dovere: —once he got through the primary with you. 
 Brat: Right.
 Dovere: That story never ran [LAUGHS].
 Brat: Right. Right. Right.
 Dovere: So, everyone was taken by surprise—
 Brat: Yeah, oh, yeah. 
Dovere: And, in this way, there are some parallels between what you were able to pull off and what Trump was able to pull of, you on an obviously smaller scale. It’s a House race. But—
 Brat: Yep.
 Dovere: —by tapping into something that was there, that people weren’t appreciating—
 Brat: Yeah.
 Dovere: —by not doing it the way that most people thought—
 Brat: Yep.
 Dovere: —and do you think of yourself that way, as the, like, not the person who showed Donald Trump how to run for president, but as a parallel to what happened there? 
 Brat: Yeah. Yeah. And it’s not ego driven. I think Trump and I both listen to the people. And, so, I taught economics for 20 years. Immigration wasn’t one of my issues, I mean, going back 20 years to teach at that, you know, it’s not in the book. But, then, you start going around and meeting with people and running—you’re starting to think about running for office. And you go around and talk to people, and then you start hearing about the issue, and you go, “What do you think about this? What do you think about this?” And what is the true economic impact? And what did Milton Friedman say about this?
 Dovere: What’s the moment that that ticks over to you, to say, “Okay. I’m going to run for Congress?” 
 Brat: Well, that’s a bigger story. I mean, that’s been my whole lifelong—I did economics and ethics. My whole life was putting those two together. Because I went to seminary and then got a Ph.D. in economics and worked at the World Bank and the Army and all that. And, so, that—and I taught it, and I was always thinking about “How do I do this?” Right? I mean, I don’t want to just sit here and teach my whole life. I want to do some of this and put it in place. And, so, that was that. And, then, I started running for other positions—
Dovere: You ran for State House, right.
 Brat: —and the cronies I just saw in every state would block you and bat you down. And I was getting sick of that. And, so, I was, like, okay, there’s one way to end that, and it’s just go for the big—big—big prize. 
 Dovere: [LAUGHS]. The first race you ran was for what? 
 Brat: I ran—I was going to run for State Senate, and I just kind of got the—
 Dovere: That was when they—they locked you out of the, right, and the—
 Brat: —that was a delegate race. It was a delegate race, right. That one was blocked. So I was, like, what’s wrong here, you know? I—everyone liked me, right? I knew all the heads of business, the lobbyists, and everything. And it’s all good. And, then, after I won, it’s like, hey, I, you know, I believe in Madison and Jefferson and Adam Smith. I’m going to do free market, and that’s what I taught. And they’re like, “Dave, it’s all nice you believe all that. It’s all great. But you’re not really going to do that, are you?” And I’m, like, “Yeah, that’s the plan.” 
 And, so, that’s part—if you get in the way of the cronies, that’s the new thing. And that’s the Trump thing, too, right? This “cleaning the swamp” thing? 
Dovere: Yeah. 
 Brat: And the American people were just getting sick of it. So part of—it’s just luck. I mean, I ran at a time when that impulse was just huge, right? People are just sick of the elites getting special deals across the board. And that—I ran right when that was happening. 
 Dovere: And you surprised everybody, right? 
 Brat: Yep.
 Dovere: But you did it—why did it work for a Congressional race and not for another race? The State Senate race was an internal party process, and that’s—
 Brat: Yeah.
 Dovere: –part of the difference. But why start with Congress and not—
Brat: Well, that’s, no, I think you’re onto something there. And part of it is the money. And the more local you are, you either have to be very well-known and have, you know, some money and something ready to go. But on this one, what changes, all of a sudden, I got some national media attention, and my own papers. No one would cover anything. And I was telling them. I said, “I’m ahead.” I was telling the papers and my region locals were forever. I said, “I’m 20 points up.” We—in every county. I said, “I’m door to door.” And they thought I was lying. I said, you know, “I went to seminary. I don’t lie.” And they were like, “Well, that’s cute, too.” Right? I mean, it’s all funny. And, so, I was, like, “No, I’m not lying. I’m telling you the truth. I don’t lie a whole lot.” And they’re, like, okay. 
And that’s what’s wrong with our society. I mean, it’s just–everyone assumes that we lie, and we’re electing, I guess, too many people that aren’t believable.
 Dovere: Right.
 Brat: And that’s a problem. 
 Dovere: There are a lot of politicians who do lie. 
 Brat: Yep. I [LAUGHTER]—I mean, that—right? And, so, and the press should light it up on that. 
 Dovere: Well, I mean, some people, right, the joke about political journalism is that it’s the—our job is to stand, waiting, outside of meetings and stick a microphone in front of people’s faces for them to lie to us, right? [LAUGHTER]. 
Brat: Right.
 Dovere: But with—you handed me as we were—right before we started—some of the—a list of some of the money that’s being spent against you and other people–
 Brat: Right.
 Dovere: —on the Obamacare thing. I imagine the experience you had in your race—
 Brat: Right.
 Dovere: —of being outspent by that—
 Brat: Yeah.
 Dovere: —makes it so that you don’t pay a lot of attention to the ads that are being run against you.
 Brat: No. I know. I—there’s a group that’s anti-Trumpers that are running ads for Trump, this AA—American Action Network. And it’s got special-interest money tied to healthcare—I think Karl Rove, and there’s some elites, right? The elites are the only one for the bill, by the way. 
Dovere: Mm-hmm. 
 Brat: Right? The people aren’t. I mean, it’s amazing, right. The elites and the cronies are for the—so, they’re running ads, and it’s basically a pro-Trump, pro-my kind of ideas, and it says, “Support President Trump,” which most everybody thinks I do, anyway. And it’s got my name and a picture there. And, in my House race that I won, I—there’s $5 million ads run against me. 
 Dovere: That’s a lot. 
 Brat: But it said “Dave Brat, for $5 million worth.” And, so, I was, like, “Thank you very much.” Right? 
 Dovere: [LAUGHS]. Free advertising. 
 Brat: On aisle three at Walmart, everybody knew me. I was, like, “Okay.” 
Dovere: Let me ask you one more thing about your race and, sort of, how it informs where you’re thinking on things. There–people don’t know exactly what to expect out of 2018, whether we’re going to have a lot of primaries—
 Brat: Right.
 Dovere: —or the Republican Party fighting with itself, or the Democratic Party fighting with itself—
 Brat: Yeah.
 Dovere: —or what it’s going to be.
 Brat: Yep.
 Dovere: What do you think—where’s the Republican Party going to be, going into the mid-term year? Do you think that there should be the kinds of primaries that you ran? Are you the, sort of, touchstone for people to say, “You actually can win a total underdog race and you can be, I think it’s fair to say, if Eric Cantor were still in the seat that you represent, things might seem a little different right now. But you can make a difference in the way that the—even the whole course of legislation is? 
 Brat: Yeah, well, it’s hard to say—on the narrow aspect, when I came up here, all the guys were funny. I—the amazing thing—I get along with everybody personally. The Democrats, right? We all work out in the weight room or whatever, and we all get along. And they all said, “Thanks Dave.” And what they’re saying is, “I’m looking over my shoulder.” 
 Dovere: Right. Being sarcastic.
 Brat: And, so, mine was a shock. Right. And, so, but, it’s a good thing, because now, everybody is looking back at their constituents and saying, “Hey. I’m going to listen.” So that’s a net plus. So, you know, you’re always going to have primaries and challenges, but this—this will be the touchstone, this Obamacare repeal, when you promise your base for six or seven years, and it depends what your district looks like. 
Dovere: Sure.
 Brat: Right? Northern Virginia versus where I am or whatever are different. But that’s a huge, right, piece. Is how you communicate with your constituents on those kind of issues. And, so, Trump said, the day after I won, I think he said something like, “No one’s safe.” Right? This shows you no one’s safe, right? It’s all up for grabs.
 Dovere: So there should be primaries, if this is what it’s going to be, right?
 Brat: Well, yeah, I’m—and I don’t even like—because, if you say that, it has a certain meaning. But I don’t endorse anyone. I didn’t even endorse the president, right, and he’s not happy with me about that. I—
 Dovere: He does keep track of who endorses—
Brat: Keeps track?
 Dovere: [LAUGHS]. 
 Brat: And I supported him. I handed out stuff. I worked hard for him. But I don’t endorse in any election, because I don’t like cronies telling people who to vote for. And, so, I told the president, and he gets it. He says, “Well, why didn’t you tell me that ahead of time or whatever?” See, he’s funny. So—
 Dovere: [LAUGHS] Although the other day, when Rick Snyder, the Governor of Michigan, wanted to take a picture of him. He pointed out, “Yeah, you can come in the photo, even though you didn’t endorse me.” I’ll never forget—
 Brat: Really. Right.
 Dovere: —I don’t know. Maybe you won’t get your photo with him.
Brat: No, he’s got loyalty. He’s a New Yorker. Right? The loyalty thing, it’s a big deal. And, so, I understand that. That’s okay. But in the end, also, what he learned is, those don’t matter. Endorsements don’t matter. I didn’t have any endorsements, and I won by ten. I didn’t have an endorsement. And my competition had every endorsement, so—
 Dovere: And, so, without supporting or not supporting people doing it, do you think it’s going to happen more? Are there going to be more people who are—
 Brat: Yeah.
Dovere: You do?
 Brat: I mean, there is already. The guys are telling me. There’s primaries coming. 
 Dovere: People are coming to you for advice?
 Brat: No, I mean, I just hear my colleagues telling me.
 Dovere: Okay. 
 Brat: I got guys, you know, coming to challenge me, and some da da da da da. So there’s the action on the left and the right.
 Dovere: Right. No, it seems, among the Democrats, there’s a lot of worry about ideological purity stuff, right—
 Brat: Right. Right. Same thing. Right. 
 Dovere: It’s as—well, I feel like we’ll have busy primary seasons—
 Brat: Right. 
 Dovere: —and busy general election season next year.
 Brat: I think so. No, I think so. Right.
 Dovere: So I will tell you. I was a philosophy major in college—
 Brat: Oh, good for you. 
 Dovere: —and I do not usually get to talk about philosophy—
 Brat: Yeah, good.
 Dovere: —in the course of my journalistic career. I want to bring you back to something that got a little attention a little while ago—
 Brat: Right.
 Dovere: Something you wrote in 2011.
 Brat: Yep.
Dovere: And I’m just going to read it, because I don’t want to mess it up. You were writing about Nietzsche. 
 Brat: Yes. Yes. 
 Dovere: My—as part of my undergraduate thesis, actually. 
 Brat: Really? Good. 
 Dovere: So this is what you wrote. “Nietzsche’s diagnosis of the modern Christian Democratic man was spot-on.”
 Brat: Yep. 
 Dovere: You go on to write, “Jesus made things happen. Jesus had faith. Jesus actually made people better.”
 Brat: Yep.
 Dovere: And, then, the conclusion of that thought is, “Hitler came along, and he did not meet with unified resistance.” 
 Brat: Yep.
 Dovere: “I have the sinking feeling that it could all happen again, quite easily.” 
Brat: Yeah. 
 Dovere: You wrote that in 2011.
 Brat: Yeah. 
 Dovere: Where has your thinking evolved on that. Are we just as vulnerable?
 Brat: Yeah. No, I mean, it—
 Dovere: Is your sinking feeling further sunk [LAUGHS]? 
 Brat: Yeah, and it’s not my idea. I mean, that’s Plato’s Republic, too.
 Dovere: Yeah. 
 Brat: Right? I mean, he says it’s the decline from, you know, the philosopher, king, to aristocracy, and democracy’s the fourth. And after Democracy, his diagnosis—it’s not Nietzche’s diagnosis. It’s, in some sense, reality. Just democracy, right, without principle, right. So all democracy means—people think it means the government we have. It doesn’t. All it means is majority vote. 
Dovere: Right.
 Brat: And, so, majority vote without virtue. And he, Plato, had a thing where a guy runs into an ass, a mule, and apologizes to the mule. “I’m sorry, mule,” right? Because everyone’s equal. There’s equal rights to the mule. And, so, if you descend in rationality to that point, where you cannot think anymore, your civilization is crushed. And, so, and that’s the point. And Nietzsche said, you know, “Jesus was the great soul of man.” That was his thesis. I obviously disagree with Nietzsche’s atheism. So, just to make that clear to my listeners. 
 But his diagnosis—
 Dovere: [LAUGHS] Not on board with the syphilis. 
 Brat: [LAUGHS] Yeah, not on board with—all the crazy part. But his diagnosis of Western civ, I’m saying, is spot-on.
 Dovere: Right.
 Brat: And we’ve become weak, and our kids don’t know what human rights are anymore, and if you ask them, “Do you believe in human rights, civil rights, women’s rights, civil liberties?” In class, I would ask people from every gender, ethnicity, everything, “Do you believe in—?” And they would say—the common response from the 18-year-olds now is, “Well, I have my opinion, but you’re welcome to have your opinion.” And in a classroom setting, you mention tyrants, like Hitler and other tyrants in history, and you say, “What if they oppose you? Are they welcome to their opinion?” 
 In this modern, secular society, where all opinions are equal, do you really believe all rights and all opinions are equal?” And they say, “Well, I guess not.” And I say, “Well, I guess you better study hard and pick a system that you like here, right?” And there’s no such thing as ethics. There’s Aristotelian ethics or Kantian ethics or Confucian ethics or Jewish ethics. But there’s no such thing as ethics. 
 And, so, that’s what I—that’s what a liberal-arts education is supposed to do. You’re supposed to—I would always play the part of whatever philosopher, and they wouldn’t know what I thought, and I’d try to get them to like at least one system and then go on from there and learn, right? So, but, they’re not taught any ethics in K to 12. And it’s a fundamental problem we have with our culture right now. 
Dovere: It’s six years since you wrote that. Do you feel like we’re further down—
 Brat: Yeah. Oh, sure.
 Dovere: —the road? 
 Brat: Oh, sure. I mean—
 Dovere: So, what is that—I guess, what does that mean, when you say that we’re vulnerable to Hitler, essentially? Like, what does that mean for where we are as a society, where we are as a culture?
 Brat: Yeah, well. We used to have these intermediating institutions, right? Tocqueville and these guys when they came over, you had the church, and the communities, and your bowling league, and the sports clubs, and all that. We’re losing that. And you’ve got what’s-his-name, that—from Harvard—that wrote Bowling Alone.
 Dovere: Putnam, yeah.
Brat: Putnam and all this kind of stuff. And that—I mean, I just found myself squarely in, that’s what we have—
 Dovere: I guess, what I’m asking—do you think it’s a metaphor? Is the Hitler, or is it really, like, you’re worried about a dictatorship tapping into the weaknesses that you think we have as a culture?
 Brat: No, not—I mean, we’re not there. But we cannot keep going down the path we’re on, right? K to 12, our education system. I think the Vietnamese, the bottom decile of Vietnamese outscored us. The bottom decile. In ninth-grade algebra, they outscored our average ninth grader. The PISA data, just came out a month ago. I think I got that right. 
Dovere: Yeah. I’m less up on that than on Nietzsche [LAUGHS]. 
 Brat: But it’s stan—it’s just standard, right, and so our K to 12 system is teaching kids about isosceles triangles and whatever. But the kid doesn’t know what a business is, when they graduate from high school. And if you ask them, “What is your purpose in life?” “What’s your—do you have any purpose?” And, so, we’re making kids memorize this stuff for their standardized test scores, and they’re bored out of their gourd, because they don’t know why they’re studying it. 
 You say, “What’s your—what’s, you know, in my tradition, why did God put you here?” Right? What are you doing? Right? What goal are you pursuing? Where are your special talents and attributes? How are you going to use them, you know, to help society? And we’re not teaching that, because we’re so P.C., and we’re so scared to get it—every—those questions will lead into truth claims. And that’s what I’m scared of. If you no longer welcome the truth—
Dovere: Well, I mean, that’s—it’s why I have these questions about fake news and all this stuff. It does seem like we’re—
 Brat: Right. 
 Dovere: —in that mix already. 
 Brat: Right. Right. Right. Right. And that—right. If you don’t know—I mean, Harvard’s motto, in 1640, right, the oldest—then was “Truth for Christ and Church.” You think that’s Harvard’s motto anymore? Right? Now it’s lucky if it’s Veritas. And if you go into a brown-bag seminar at Harvard or Yale or Princeton, they’re all deconstructionists. If you mention the church or Christian doctrine or Jewish doctrine, they’ll laugh you out of the room. If you mention natural law theory out of Aristotle, you’ll get laughed out of the room. And that’s what’s going on at the highest levels, and they don’t have a replacement. 
Right? So Karl Popper—
 Dovere: Right.
 Brat: —he had falsification, right? Okay, so we can’t agree on a positive project of truth, you know, logical positivism. And, so, let’s—is there anything still standing? And, on the left, conservatives, we say we have the Judeo-Christian tradition and Roth [ph]. You know, we’ve got Immanuel Kant—
 Dovere: Right.
 Brat: —as kind of a secular compromise. And the Jews and the Muslims and the Christians all got along, in the 12th century, with Aristotle, right? They all agreed, “Let’s do Aristotle’s ethics. We’ll differ on the religion, but let’s just do Aristotelian ethics.” What is the compromise today, with the left? Right? They had their convention four years ago, and they boo’ed putting God in the platform. Right? And, so, what are they left with? And that—it’s a challenge in time. And, then, on the right, if you believe in God, you’re called a judgmental something these days, for believing in the tradition that grounds our entire Western civ—
Dovere: Right.
 Brat: —which I find a little bizarre. 
 Dovere: [LAUGHS]. We’re going to see a lot of this, I feel like, shape up in the budget fight over the course of the next couple of months.
 Brat: Right.
 Dovere: Your initial read on the budget that came out of the White House is positive or negative?
 Brat: Well, that’s the aspirational budget, first. Right? So that one is usually the cheerleading document. And, then, by the time you get to appropriations, you see the numbers and how it’s actually going to work, and things will probably get plussed up beyond what that document says. So it’s, you know, it’s, as an aspirational document, it’s not blowing all the numbers across the board, which is welcome. But we’ll see. It all depends. When we get to the 12 appropriations bills, we’ll see what they look like individual.
Dovere: All right. So last question, here. You were a teacher. If you had to write a course name for your syllabus—
 Brat: [LAUGHS] that’s a—[OVERLAPPING]
 Dovere: —what the last couple of months have been, tell me what that would be.
 Brat: Well, I’d throw in my Calvinism, of course, in total depravity, just for the humorous part. But, no, it’s just—it’s the classics. This is the liberal arts education up here, I’ve decided [ph]—a cross-discipline view of politics and economics and culture and anthropology and everything.
 Dovere: [LAUGHS] But to describe specifically these couple of months—these first couple months? 
Brat: Oh, just these couple. Oh, man. You can’t make that one up. I don’t know. A Primer in Chaos Theory or something like that. I don’t know. I mean, there are very few rules in place that we’re all working from right now. I mean, it is wide open, right? There’s a contest for what is the Republican Party. I mean, there’s a contest for what is the Democratic Party. The independents and Bernie in the middle. There’s a populism at play right now. The working class, the forgotten man is “in” right now. So that’s all new. We’ll see where that leads. I mean, that’s what’s coming. And I don’t think anyone’s charted it out accurately, yet. 
 Dovere: So “A Primer in Chaos” by Professor Dave Brat. 
 Brat: Yeah. Right. [LAUGHTER]. That’s it. 
 Dovere: Congressman Dave Brat, thanks for taking the time. 
 Brat: Any time. Thank you.



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
A "major meeting" on veterans affairs slated for Friday evening that President Donald Trump publicly announced at the White House earlier in the day did not take place, according to pool reports.
Flanked by representatives of veterans groups, Trump said he would be meeting Friday evening at his Mar-a-Lago club with members of his veterans advisory board, including Marvel Entertainment CEO Ike Perlmutter. 
Story Continued Below
Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin, sitting to Trump's left, immediately indicated he would not be attending.
The White House did not respond to a question as to why the meeting did not occur.
A pool report late Friday confirmed that "the veterans meeting is not taking place tonight" and said officials assured that more information would be provided Saturday. 
A Saturday pool report indicated Trump would be dining Saturday night with Perlmutter and his wife, with the dinner closed to media.
Perlmutter, an Israeli-American who served in the Israeli army and advises Trump on veterans affairs, has previously met with Trump at Mar-a-Lago.
A later pool report said that Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross would be joining the dinner. Mark Knoller, CBS News' longtime White House correspondent, later tweeted that Vice President Mike Pence had joined the group. Pence arrived at Mar-a-Lago at 8:35 p.m., according to a pool report. 
At 11:25 p.m. Saturday, the White House provided a readout of the president's day, stating that Trump "spent the early morning and afternoon on issues concerning the Department of Veterans Affairs and the military."
"This evening President Trump had another meeting, including dinner, concerning the Department of Veterans Affairs and how to turn it around for the benefit of our great veterans," the readout added. 



ARTICLE
A man jumped a protective barrier outside the White House on Pennsylvania Avenue on Saturday, sparking a response from the Secret Service.
"Individual jumped bike rack on Pennsylvania Ave, not @WhiteHouse fence. Great response by @SecretService," White House press secretary Sean Spicer tweeted Saturday afternoon.
Story Continued Below
The individual jumped over the barrier at about 12:43 p.m. in an attempt to jump the White House fence, according to a statement from the Secret Service, and was immediately apprehended before reaching the fence, the statement said.
According to a Fox News report, Secret Service officers cleared Lafayette Park, which is near the White House, during the incident. Police dogs and a Secret Service officer with a weapon were visible on the north lawn during the incident, according to the report. As part of standard operating procedure, Secret Service officers "increased their posture of readiness," according to the Secret Service statement.
The man was detained, according to an ABC News report. He said he wanted to deliver a letter to someone in the Trump administration, according to the report. Criminal charges are pending, according to the Secret Service statement.
President Donald Trump is at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Florida, this weekend.
Last week, an intruder breached the perimeter fence of the White House and roamed the grounds for 16 minutes before being apprehended, it was reported Friday. 
The alleged intruder, Jonathan Tran, of California, faces a 10-year maximum sentence for intruding on White House grounds without permission if convicted.



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump has promised not to involve himself in his company’s decisions while he’s president. But his adult sons have no responsibility to stay out of politics while they mind the family business.
In recent weeks, Donald Jr. and Eric Trump have re-emerged as their father’s most ardent cheerleaders, defending the president against perceived slights, helping raise money for Republicans and rallying supporters for the nascent 2020 re-election campaign – all while prominently serving as the faces and behind-the-scenes managers of the family’s valuable brand.
Story Continued Below
They say they’re following the letter of an ethics arrangement that states they’re not to talk about the family business with their dad, and in turn that the president shouldn’t discuss government business with his sons or the company’s executives. 
Last Saturday, during a GOP fundraising dinner in Dallas, Donald Trump Jr. insisted that his interactions with his father have been minimal since the inauguration. “I basically have zero contact with him at this point,” he said, according to NBC News.
A White House spokeswoman referred questions about the presidential family to the Trump Organization. In a joint statement to POLITICO, Eric and Donald Trump Jr. defended their right to speak up about their dad’s White House work while simultaneously running the family business.
“We do not have any role in the current administration and take the separation of the Trump Organization and the office of the president very seriously. With that said, we will always be supportive of our father, the man he is, the values that he instilled in us and will express our own views publicly as we see fit. Our father has the most important job in the world and we could not be more proud of him,” they said.
The brothers – who have maintained a full travel schedule in recent months opening, exploring and promoting Trump properties from Uruguay to the Dominican Republic, Dubai and Canada – have found plenty of ways to communicate with their father and his administration. 
On Friday, POLITICO reported Donald Trump Jr. has recruited a hunting friend – former San Francisco 49ers linebacker Jason Hairston – to be a liaison with the White House, the Interior Department and sportsmen’s groups when it comes to conservation and public lands issues.
Like his father, Donald Trump Jr. is a prolific social media user who eagerly shares his opinions on presidential politics to his more than 1.4 million followers – a group that includes @realDonaldTrump, who follows only 40 other people. Last week, for example, the younger Trump tweeted or retweeted more than two dozen times about the MSNBC report revealing two pages of the president’s previously unreported 2005 federal tax returns.
“Thank you Rachel Maddow for proving to your #Trump hating followers how successful @realDonaldTrump is & that he paid $40mm in taxes! #Taxes” he wrote.
Sandwiched among his political posts are repeated references to the family business, including a thank you to Golf Inc. Magazine for an award bestowed upon Trump’s Turnberry course in Scotland and urging golfers to take advantage of daylight savings time by booking a tee time at Trump’s course outside Charlotte, North Carolina.
Eric Trump’s Twitter feed blends politics and family business too. Amid recent posts about the Trump winery in Virginia and its golf courses, he’s retweeted White House adviser Kellyanne Conway bemoaning network news for its lack of coverage about Hillary Clinton’s ties to Russia and a post from his father about the country’s improving economy. There’s also a picture of Eric Trump and his sister Ivanka at the White House earlier this month, posing along the colonnade near the Rose Garden: “Great seeing @IvankaTrump and the kids today! Miss her back in New York! #Washington #MAGA” he wrote.
That reunion picture went up a few hours after Eric Trump participated in a media event at the nearby Trump International Hotel to promote the PGA Senior Championship, which runs over Memorial Day weekend at Trump National in Northern Virginia. The tournament will give the president’s brand a national television audience, and Eric Trump vowed it will deliver. “On behalf of my entire family and on behalf of our entire team, I promise we’re going to make you immensely proud,” he said.
Eric Trump’s wife Lara has also gotten in on the action. She spoke before the president earlier this week at a Wednesday night campaign rally in Nashville. “Music City! How are y’all feeling tonight? I have to tell you it is so nice to get out of New York City and be right here in Tennessee with all my fellow deplorables,” she said during her four-minute introduction, which her husband later shared on Twitter.
As long as President Trump maintains ownership of his companies while he serves in the White House, his family will be in an ethical quagmire, argued Norm Eisen, the former Obama White House ethics lawyer and one of the most outspoken critics of the Trump business arrangements.
“This is an illustration of the problem that’s existed from the beginning. There are no boundaries here,” Eisen said. 
Even some Republicans say the Trump sons’ activism worries them. “I wish personally that they just kind of make it church and state,” said a Republican lobbyist who sees the Trump sons’ recent political forays as easy fodder for their critics. “If Obama did it, my hair would be on fire.”
To Trump allies, the sons’ expressions of support for their father’s politics and his policies is a matter of free speech. They note that other family members of prominent politicians have taken on active roles in politics and fundraising while running their own businesses, including Nancy Pelosi’s husband, Paul, and former President George W. Bush, who had a stake in the ownership of the Texas Rangers while his father, George H.W. Bush, was in the White House.
“What the opposition to Trump is basically asking is that Don Jr. and Eric go into a state of retirement while their father sits as president,” Michael Cohen, the personal lawyer to President Trump, said in a recent interview.
Added Matt Schlapp, a former White House political director for President George W. Bush, “No ethics rule can prevent someone from being the son of a president. No ethics law can prevent a citizen from fully exercising their First Amendment rights.”
Schlapp, who recently hosted President Trump and some of his most senior White House aides at the Conservative Political Action Conference, questioned why Trump’s sons should stop making statements about their father’s administration on social media.
“Twitter is a very personal way of communicating about your life and about what you love and about what you hate,” he said. “I think it’d be a mistake to ask the presidents’ sons to forfeit communicating in that way simply because their dad is the president.”



ARTICLE
Elizabeth Warren’s creative media-dodging habits are a running joke among her home-state press corps. Whenever the senator makes a public appearance, Massachusetts reporters know to keep one eye fixed on the exit doors.
But that might be changing.
Story Continued Below
In just the last week alone, the notoriously press-averse progressive icon held three open-to-media events back home, followed by lengthy huddles with reporters on a wide range of issues ranging from her Senate votes to Donald Trump’s wiretapping accusations to the 2020 race. 
Following her most recent press availability in Worcester, she shook hands with the half-dozen assembled reporters — and even asked if everyone “got what they needed.”
In Boston and Washington, where Warren is known for being as stingy with the media on Capitol Hill as back home, the sudden thaw has political operatives questioning what’s behind the change of heart.
“I always wondered why she wasn’t more accommodating to the press. You can be combative, it can be confrontational, but it’s always a long-term much better strategy to engage with the press,” said Democratic strategist Scott Ferson. “It’s not as if she has to be concerned about engagement with the press. She’s good on her feet.” 
Yet you wouldn’t know it from some of Warren’s inventive attempts to evade the media. In addition to standard refusals to answer questions, the senator has bolted out side doors to avoid interviews and gone to great lengths to avoid questions such as who did she vote for in the Democratic presidential primary.
With Warren up for re-election in 2018, the first-term Democratic senator now has plenty of incentive to amp up her media profile back home. The state Republican Party has stepped up its attacks on her over the last year, and it might be leaving a bruise: A January poll sent shockwaves through the state by reporting that 46 percent of respondents said it’s time for someone else to have a shot at the Senate.
"It's not surprising Sen. Warren is scrambling to rehab her toxic image here at home,” said Terry MacCormack, the state GOP’s communications director.
Few expect Warren will get a competitive challenge next year. So far, Republicans have struggled to find a viable challenger. The only declared candidate is little-known Belmont entrepreneur Shiva Ayyadurai, who claims he invented the email.
Warren aides acknowledged an uptick in the senator’s media engagement since January, pointing to the increased number of appearances and press events as a way to allow her to voice concern over actions of the Trump White House. Earlier this week, in an effort to shore up her 2018 re-election effort, she hired Kristen Orthman, a well-respected communications staffer who previously worked for former Democratic Leader Harry Reid.
“It’s fun to get out,” Warren told POLITICO on Thursday. “When you’re down in Washington all the time, it’s good to feel like you’re back home and get a chance to talk to people. I’ve missed it.”
She hangs the change in her posture on the new White House occupant. “I spent a lot of time after Trump got elected working inside Washington with my colleagues, with my staff, with other people in some of the agencies trying to figure out how we organize this resistance. And now it’s good to have an opportunity to talk to real folks.” 
Others see presidential ambitions at work. Warren’s brand of no-holds-barred liberalism has electrified the party’s progressive wing, winning her frequent mention as one of the top 2020 Democratic prospects — in November, Reid asked her to seriously consider running in four years.
In one of her press scrums this week, Warren told reporters that it was a “very generous suggestion from Senator Reid but that's not something I am thinking about.”
But if she does move in that direction, she’ll have to apply one of the lessons learned from Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign: a candidate with a strong aversion to the press will likely struggle with the sharp glare and onerous demands of the modern news cycle.
“Warren is a smart person. Looking back at what worked and what didn’t for Hillary in 2016, Warren has a similar problem with reporters,” said Colin Reed, the executive director of America Rising PAC who worked on the campaign of Warren’s GOP foe, Sen. Scott Brown, in 2012. “The irony of her press aversion is given her background as law professor and that she went to undergrad on a debate scholarship, this should be a natural setting for her.”



ARTICLE
DES MOINES, Iowa — Joni Ernst promised to “unload” on Obamacare in a 2014 campaign ad that featured her firing a gun as a narrator described what she would do to the Democratic health care law.
But three years after winning election to the Senate on a vow to seek an “immediate" repeal of the law, the Iowa senator is being very careful about pulling that trigger.
Story Continued Below
“I am legitimately undecided on this,” she said here Friday after relentless attempts by questioners in the state’s two largest cities to pin her down on the health care bill under consideration in the House in the state’s two largest cities. “And you will hear that from a number of my colleagues, as well.”
Ernst was part of a Republican wave election that year that brought 12 new GOP members to the Senate and secured a Republican majority. Without exception, the winners used the unpopular law and its bungled launch to propel them to victory. 
But as Obamacare’s popularity has improved, those same senators are now among the most prominent critics of the Republican proposal to undo the law being pushed by Speaker Paul Ryan and President Donald Trump. A Congressional Budget Office estimate this week that the plan would leave 24 million more people uninsured and increase premiums in the short term has only heightened the anxiety. 
Indeed, now Ernst is using the word “deliberative” when describing her state of mind about replacing Obamacare. She emphasizes that pre-existing conditions must be covered and that children up to the age of 26 be able to remain on their parents’ insurance plan, both of which the Republican alternative would require.
Ernst insists she still wants to dismantle the law, but admits it’s not quite as simple as the “repeal and replace” mantra seemed in 2014.
“We have to take this up and move cautiously,” she said after an event in Cedar Rapids, a Democratic bastion. “When digging into it, it is much more complicated than simply saying ‘repeal Obamacare.’”
Health care is clearly top of mind in Iowa, where about 150,000 Iowans have benefitted from the Medicaid expansion under Obamacare and nearly 50,000 more have used subsidies to buy healthcare on the Obamcare exchanges. While the longtime swing state has veered more firmly into the Republican column the past two election cycles, how Ernst handles the Obamacare debate could determine just how tough a reelection challenge she receives in 2020.
“You’re talking about people getting kicked off health care. If Medicaid is rolled back and Ernst votes for it, they’re going to have a reason to be mad,” said Brad Anderson, Barack Obama’s Iowa director in 2012.
What’s remarkable is that Ernst’s ambivalence about the current repeal plan is echoed by a majority of the Senate Republican class of 2014, by and large a very conservative bunch. They’re now threatening to make Majority Leader Mitch McConnell’s life far more difficult if and when the House sends over its plan to roll back Obamacare’s Medicaid expansion and replace its subsidies with skimpier tax credits.
Sens. Cory Gardner of Colorado and Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia are balking at plans to reverse the Medicaid expansion. Sens. Bill Cassidy of Louisiana and Steve Daines of Montana are worried about the CBO projections of fewer people covered and only marginally lower premiums over time.
Those senators all supported a complete repeal of Obamacare in the past. 
Sen. Tom Cotton (R-Ark.), a magnet for attention, has been taking the fight to Speaker Paul Ryan’s plan, warning that House Republicans could get steamrolled in the next election if they vote for it. During his 2014 campaign, the Republican vowed to “start over” on Obamacare — not far off from the advice he’s now offering his House counterparts.
“There’s not a reason to rush. We should get it right,” Cotton said in an interview this week. “I am speaking out for the people I serve in Arkansas. And I just don’t think this bill is going to work for them.”
Such blunt assessments are not Ernst’s style. But people who know her say she’s similarly apprehensive about where Republicans are going on health care.
 “The way she’s approaching the future of Obamacare is consistent with the job she’s been doing as a senator since she's been elected. Thoughtful, deliberate and going her own way,” said Matt Strawn, a former Iowa GOP chairman. “Most of the Republicans I talk to don’t want to be in the business of taking away peoples’ coverage.”
Ernst bobbed and weaved as she was berated over almost any negative comment she made about the health care law at a pair of rollicking town hall meetings on Friday. Constituents shouted at the former lieutentant colonel in the Iowa National Guard to “answer the question!” — particularly about potential cuts to Medicaid — but Ernst she gave away little about which way she’s leaning on perhaps the most consequential decision of her political career.
Ernst she said that she wants an opportunity to amend the House proposal before committing to anything.
“I will continue to evaluate this,” she said in Cedar Rapids. “I want to make sure it works for Iowans."
Some Democratic constituents at the events were nonetheless convinced that she’ll fall in line with Republicans, and just didn’t want to deliver the bad news to liberal crowds.
“I would assume so,” said Perry Howell of Iowa City, who was holding a sign that read, “Sen. Ernst please don’t castrate Obamacare” — a reference to a viral ad she ran in 2014 vowing to make Washington squeal like a pig. “She had very politic answers. She knows that she’s in a hostile environment.”
“She wants to appear cautious. But I don’t think she is. How does she not really see what a disaster [the House bill] is?” fumed Peter Fisher of Solon, who works for a left-leaning think tank. 
Ernst’s colleagues disagree. They say she’s been privately raising concerns centered around the Medicaid expansion — but it’s just not like her to throw bombs or invite public party infighting. The first female combat veteran to serve in the Senate, Ernst has cut a low-key, heads-down profile in the Senate as she works to build seniority and a power base in the cliquey chamber. 
“She’s very concerned about the Medicaid states. Hers is one of them. The present solution in the House is not something that is easily supportable,” said Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), who campaigned tirelessly for Ernst. 
Ernst wouldn’t go that far in her public remarks at the two town halls followed by lengthy sessions with reporters. Perhaps it’s because she was prepared for incoming fire from the swath of Democratic voters who pressed her not just on Obamacare, but also climate change, Planned Parenthood and gun control.
Though Ernst generally handled the combative crowds calmly, not taking apparent offense at the jeers and signs that caricatured her as “Miss Piggy.” But she did bristle at one point when someone asked how she could be considering a plan that would cut benefits while she enjoyed generous government insurance. 
“I don’t take the Senate insurance. I am on TriCare,” Ernst responded. “I don’t have the fancy Senate plan.”
Though Ernst was in unfriendly if not hostile territory, tours of the state’s more liberal urban areas are a near-requirement as she follows in the footsteps of Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa), who’s famous for his 99-county tours.
And despite ample evidence that some the questioners coordinated ahead of time — using similar phrases and distributing signs among themselves to egg Ernst on — the senator said the concerns she heard on Friday were all “valid.”
“There’s a level of angst out there and most of it centers on health care,” Ernst said after the event at Drake University in Des Moines. “It’s a very personal issue. It’s an emotional issue … I understand that."



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump's travel ban has triggered an unusually caustic public spat among the judges of the federal appeals court that first took up the issue.
The disagreement began to play out publicly Wednesday when five 9th Circuit Court of Appeals judges publicly recorded their disagreement with a decision three of their colleagues issued last month refusing to allow Trump to reinstate the first version of his travel ban executive order.
Story Continued Below
The fight escalated dramatically on Friday with the five Republican-appointed judges filing another withering attack on the earlier opinion and two liberal judges accusing their conservative colleagues of trying to make an end-run around the traditional judicial process.
In the new opinion, Judge Alex Kozinski blasted the earlier ruling for essentially ignoring the fact that most of those affected by Trump's initial travel ban have no constitutional rights.
"This St. Bernard is being wagged by a flea on its tail," Kozinski wrote, joined by Judges Carlos Bea, Jay Bybee, Sandra Ikuta and Consuelo Callahan. 
Kozinski's opinion harshly criticized the earlier 9th Circuit decision for blessing the idea that courts could take account of Trump's campaign-trail statements vowing to implement a Muslim ban.
"My colleagues err by failing to vacate this hasty opinion. The panel’s unnecessary statements on this subject will shape litigation near and far. We’ll quest aimlessly for true intentions across a sea of insults and hyperbole. It will be (as it were) a huge, total disaster," Kozinski said, in an an apparent tip of the hat to Trump's bombast.
That didn't sit well with Judge Stephen Reinhardt, who accused his colleagues of trying to affect the ongoing litigation over Trump's redrafted executive order.
"Judge Kozinski’s diatribe, filed today, confirms that a small group of judges, having failed in their effort to undo this court’s decision with respect to President Trump’s first Executive Order, now seek on their own, under the guise of a dissent from the denial of en banc rehearing of an order of voluntary dismissal, to decide the constitutionality of a second Executive Order that is not before this court," wrote Reinhardt, an appointee of President Jimmy Carter. "That is hardly the way the judiciary functions. Peculiar indeed!"
Another liberal 9th Circuit judge, Marsha Berzon, weighed in Friday with a more restrained rejection of her colleagues' efforts to undermine the earlier ruling. 
"Judges are empowered to decide issues properly before them, not to express their personal views on legal questions no one has asked them. There is no appeal currently before us, and so no stay motion pending that appeal currently before us either," wrote Berzon, an appointee of President Bill Clinton. "All the merits commentary in the dissents filed by a small minority of the judges of this court is entirely out of place."
"My dissenting colleagues should not be engaging in a one-sided attack on a decision by a duly constituted panel of this court," Berzon added. "We will have this discussion, or one like it. But not now."
Kozinski responded by accusing his liberal colleagues of trying to silence the court's public debate on the issue.
"My colleagues’ effort to muzzle criticism of an egregiously wrong panel opinion betrays their insecurity about the opinion’s legal analysis," wrote Kozinski, an appointee of President Ronald Reagan.
In the wake of the 9th Circuit ruling, Trump signed a redrafted, scaled-down version of his first order. The second order bans issuance of visas to citizens of six majority-Muslim countries for 90 days and shuts down refugee admissions from across the globe for 120 days.
Key parts of Trump's revised travel ban executive order were blocked earlier this week by judges in Maryland and Hawaii, On Friday, the Justice Department appealed the Maryland judge's order to the Richmond, Virginia-based 4th Circuit Court of Appeals. No appeal has been filed yet of the Hawaii order, which would be appealed to the 9th Circuit.



ARTICLE
The Secret Service confirmed Friday that an intruder avoided capture for over 16 minutes after breaching the perimeters of the White House grounds last week. 
On March 10, according to a Secret Service statement released Friday, an individual jumped the fence on East Executive Avenue near the Treasury Department and onto the grounds. Around 11:22 p.m. the individual scaled multiple fences, ranging from 3 to 8 feet in height, as officials began to attempt to locate and identify the intruder. 
Story Continued Below
More than 16 minutes later, at around 11:38 p.m., the intruder was apprehended and taken into custody. At no point, they added, did the individual "gain entry into the White House."
"The men and women of the Secret Service are extremely disappointed and angry in how the events of March 10th transpired," the protection detail said in a statement. 
Jonathan Tran, according to reports, will face a 10-year maximum sentence for intruding on White House grounds without permission. 
The Secret Service said it has conducted over 50 interviews in an ongoing investigation into the incident.
They added: "Immediate steps have been taken to mitigate lapses in security protocols even as the investigation continues. These steps include additional posts, technology enhancements, and response protocols."



ARTICLE
Trump administration officials have told lobbyists and European diplomats that the U.S. won't stay in the nearly 200-nation Paris climate change agreement unless it can secure wins for the fossil fuel industry, according to three people familiar with the discussions.
 In a series of recent conversations with industry groups and European officials, Trump advisers have said the White House decision on the Paris deal could hinge on international willingness to come up with a strategy to commercialize and deploy technologies that will reduce emissions from fossil fuels.
Story Continued Below
 That may not sit well with Democrats and environmental groups, who have long argued against spending billions of dollars to reduce emissions from coal-fired power plants when the same money could help speed the transition to wind and solar power. But such a deal could avoid the enormous disruption that would result if the United States, the world’s second-largest greenhouse gas emitter, walked away from the most comprehensive international agreement ever crafted on global warming.
 Administration officials who want to stay in the 2015 Paris agreement believe that creating a future pathway for fuels like coal is the only way to win support from conservative and industry groups that want the U.S. to withdraw from the accord. And some fossil fuel supporters are beginning to come around, despite their overall skepticism toward the climate pact.
 “If the world can’t go on without us in the Paris accord — that’s a bit of an overstatement, but to illustrate my point — then perhaps we ought to be in it,” said Rep. Kevin Cramer (R-N.D.), a pro-oil lawmaker who advised the Trump campaign on energy issues. “And if we have that much influence, perhaps we have enough influence to moderate it.”
 In recent weeks, administration officials have met with many of the country's major energy companies and trade groups. Those who have talked to the administration include representatives from the American Petroleum Institute, as well as the Independent Petroleum Association of America, ConocoPhillips and coal company Peabody Energy, among others, according to people familiar with the meetings. 
 A White House spokeswoman declined to comment, saying the administration did not yet have any announcements to make regarding the Paris agreement. 
 Whether the United States will pull out of the Paris agreement remains an open question in the White House, despite Trump’s campaign pledge to pull out of the deal.
 White House senior adviser Jared Kushner and Trump's daughter Ivanka are said to advocate staying in the agreement, and several Trump administration officials are pushing a plan that would have the U.S. remain in the pact while weakening former President Barack Obama’s targets for reducing the nation’s greenhouse gas emissions. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is also said to support staying in the agreement, though much of the internal discussion about the issue has so far been among midlevel aides at the White House. 
 White House strategist Steve Bannon is seen as Trump World's biggest opponent of the Paris deal, but officials said he has not yet engaged on the issue at a granular level. Bannon and other opponents of the agreement could kill the simmering effort to stay in the Paris deal, making the ongoing conversations with diplomats and lobbyists moot. 
 Republicans and some Democrats have long advocated policies to support developing technology to capture carbon emissions from coal and other fossil fuels. And Cramer said the U.S. has leverage to “moderate” the Paris agreement by winning greater support for technology to slash emissions from coal.
 “If you don’t remove fuels, if you don’t dismiss certain technologies, if you let the innovators work in a more open environment and we set realistic standards, they’ll meet them,” he said in an interview.
 But so far, those methods to capture carbon from coal have proved to be expensive and difficult to commercialize on a wide scale. 
 Environmental activists are also likely to view the administration's discussions about Paris with deep suspicion, pointing to the president's vocal skepticism of climate science and his proposal to gut funding for climate programs at the Environmental Protection Agency and the State Department.
 European officials say they are keeping an open mind about the administration's desire to boost technology to reduce emissions from fossil fuels — in part because they're eager to keep the United States in the Paris agreement. The European Commission favors carbon-capture technology, but, as in the United States, the technology has so far struggled to take off in Europe.
 But Trump's efforts to undo Obama's climate policies, such as an executive order expected next week to begin the process of rewriting landmark regulations for power plants, worry many international officials.
 Some foreign officials are already questioning the value of negotiating with United States to stay in Paris if Trump isn't committed to addressing climate change at home. 
 Maros Sefcovic, the European Commission’s vice president for energy, met earlier this month in Washington with several Trump administration officials, including National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn; Kenneth Juster, an international economic affairs adviser to the president; and George David Banks, a White House adviser on international energy and environmental issues.
 “They are looking at ways to bring the business aspects to the assessment of climate change policies, with an accent on technological advancement,” Sefcovic told reporters after returning to Brussels, adding that technology to catch and store or use carbon emissions will probably be a priority for the U.S.
Nick Juliano and Sara Stefanini contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
Former U.S. Army flight surgeon Mark Green is set to be nominated as secretary of Army, as the Trump administration aims to fill the post first designated to nominee Vincent Viola, who withdrew from consideration in February amid a conflict of interest review, according to three sources with knowledge of the situation.
Green, a Republican state senator from Tennessee and a West Point grad, met with President Donald Trump on Wednesday during his trip to a rally in Nashville where they solidified the deal.
Story Continued Below
"We do not have any personnel announcements at this time," said White House spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders.
A source close to Green said that he's currently filling out intensive background checks that the White House personnel office and FBI will review. 
The White House will wait for the review to be completed before it announcesthe nomination, after being embarrassed when Viola withdrew from consideration during the review process, according to the source.
Green, a 1986 graduate of West Point, served as an Army special operations flight surgeon during the Iraq War. In 2003, he interviewed former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein after his capture by U.S. special forces, and later penned a book on the event titled “A Night With Saddam.” Green was elected to the Tennessee state Senate in 2012 and is the chairman and CEO of Align MD, a hospital staffing company. 
In his first two months on the job, Trump has had difficulty filling senior openings at the Pentagon. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis is the only nominee to be confirmed by the Senate. In addition to Viola, Trump’s first choice for Navy secretary, investment banker Philip Bilden, withdrew from consideration amid difficulty untangling his financial investments.
Trump, however, did tap six individuals on Thursday to fill senior roles in the department, including the Pentagon’s deputy secretary, undersecretary for policy and comptroller.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump’s habit of repeating controversial claims from conservative media outlets — and refusing to apologize when he’s called out for a lack of evidence — is repeatedly landing the White House in hot water, irritating Republicans and alienating foreign allies. 
The White House touched off an international incident this week when press secretary Sean Spicer, berating reporters during the briefing on Thursday, cited comments from a Fox News commentator who accused former President Barack Obama of using the British spy agency GCHQ to surveil Trump Tower.
Story Continued Below
The Brits were not pleased. The typically close-lipped British spy agency fired off a strongly worded statement, calling the allegation “utterly ridiculous.” The White House had to try to calm irate British diplomats, with Spicer and national security adviser H.R. McMaster getting an earful from British officials.
It was hardly an isolated incident.
Trump has racked up a series of scandals that have sprung from his apparently voracious consumption of conservative media, both from watching Fox News and from aides sharing with him reports from Breitbart and other right-wing outlets. And as the fallout has spread each time, Trump has refused to admit any wrongdoing.
The president set off a furor in Sweden when he seemed to claim the country had just suffered a terrorist attack — a statement that appeared to spring from a Fox News interview with documentary filmmaker Ami Horowitz about a crime surge in the country. Swedish officials angrily issued public statements that no such attack had happened.
After Fox News ran a segment about Guantanamo Bay, Trump falsely tweeted: “122 vicious prisoners, released by the Obama administration from Gitmo, have returned to the battlefield.” Only a fraction of those detainees were released under Obama; most had been released under President George W. Bush. (Spicer later said Trump “obviously” was referring to the total released under both presidents.)
And in the biggest doozy, Trump claimed Obama wiretapped his Trump Tower phones — an accusation that appears to have been based on a Mark Levin talk radio segment and a short Breitbart article. The allegation has created a major rift with prominent Republicans and put the White House in the awkward position of repeatedly defending it, without providing evidence.
When asked why Trump won’t simply back down on evidence-free claims like the wiretapping allegation, one Republican close to the White House responded simply: “When has he ever apologized about anything?” 
It’s true that Trump has long avoided the normal rules of political gravity — he never apologized, for example, for his claims that Obama was not born in the United States — but it remains to be seen whether what worked for candidate Trump can work in the White House. 
The White House is discovering that the president’s and his adviser’s words matter a great deal — a fact seen both in the fury of foreign governments at falsehoods and in legal opinions striking down the travel ban and alleging intent to discriminate by pointing to comments from Trump and his aides.
Those around the president, though, have proved more than willing to play along with the president’s theories.
Jobs reports produced by the government may have been “phony” before, but are to be trusted now that they show job growth under Trump, Spicer has said. The crowds at Trump’s inauguration were the biggest ever, “period,” Spicer declared in one of his first briefings from the White House. And, on Thursday, he read off a series of media reports in an attempt to back up Trump’s wiretapping claim — none of which did — including the report that accused the British government of spying on Trump.
“Sean Spicer conducts every press briefing like he’s on a hostage video. I mean he essentially has an audience of one,” said Rick Tyler, a former communications director for Sen. Ted Cruz’s presidential campaign who knows Spicer. “[Trump] is just looking to make sure that Sean is out there defending him at all costs. I mean, I couldn’t live like that, but he can.”
It has not only been Spicer forced to try to explain controversial claims. Counselor to the President Kellyanne Conway defended Spicer in January by saying he was using “alternative facts,” and touted a terrorist attack that did not happen as a reason for Trump’s attempted travel ban. Policy adviser Stephen Miller has claimed that there was mass voter fraud, even though no evidence of that has been presented. 
And while reports surfaced on Friday that Spicer had apologized to British officials for repeating the spying accusation, the White House was publicly offered no such mea culpa.
“That was a statement made by a very talented lawyer on Fox,” Trump said at a news conference. “And so you shouldn’t be talking to me. You should be talking to Fox.”
A Fox News anchor said later Friday that the network has “no evidence of any kind, that the now president of the United States was surveilled at any time, in any way, full stop.”
After the news conference, Spicer pushed back on the idea that he apologized.
"We just reiterated the fact that we were just simply reading media accounts. That’s it,” Spicer told reporters. “I don’t think we regret anything. We literally listed a litany of media reports that are in the public domain."
Especially worrisome, to many, is Trump’s seeming lack of desire to distinguish myth from fact. 
“Donald Trump, like millions of Americans, is susceptible to conspiracy theories,” said Douglas Brinkley, a presidential historian at Rice University. “He tends to just pick things up from right-wing talk radio and the alt-right if it fits his agenda of the day.”
“We’ve never had a president operate like this. The long-term damage is you’re going to get just ravaged in history,” Brinkley added. 
But for many, especially on the right, Trump’s and the White House’s claims carry weight, whether backed up by evidence or not.
Trump “essentially has a media company of his own, largely on Twitter, and what he needs to do, or wants to do, is get people to follow him and listen to what he says and ‘believe me and not them,’” said Tyler. “He has to get his audience, his base, to mistrust the media and he becomes, ultimately, their media source.” 
It is an endeavor in which he has significant help from conservative media outlets like Fox News, Breitbart, Gateway Pundit, the Independent Journal Review and various talk radio hosts.
After the Sweden flub, Breitbart published a piece called “Ten Incidents in Ten Days That Proved Trump Right on Sweden’s Migration Problem.” 
The White House did not provide a comment Friday, beyond noting that Spicer read Thursday’s allegation “straight from the Fox transcript.” 



ARTICLE
Republican leaders are shrugging off a last-minute White House request to slash $15 billion from fiscal 2017 spending legislation due in six weeks to prevent a government shutdown. 
Tucked within the fiscal year 2018 budget proposal released Thursday, was an instruction from President Donald Trump to lawmakers to strip 3 percent of discretionary spending in fiscal 2017 to pay for a proposed boost in defense dollars, as well as about $2 billion for the initial stages of the president's border wall project.
Story Continued Below
A single page of Trump's budget now threatens to derail Congress’ most recent spending deal, which determines the amount of federal funding for both defense and domestic programs this fiscal year. Ripping apart that deal would upend more than a year of negotiations on 11 appropriations packages, stoking fears of a shutdown come April 28. 
“It’s a little bit late,” Rep. Tom Cole (R-Okla.), a senior member of both the House Budget and Appropriations committees, said Friday. “$15 billion is a lot of money and certainly should be taken seriously — but in a $4 trillion, budget, really? Especially when you’re coming this late?” 
Cole said the reductions would be possible if the Trump administration were willing to “open up the entire budget, where we can look at mandatory spending as well.” 
“But it’s extremely hard at this point,” he said, “particularly when it’s not specified.”
Rep. Hal Rogers (R-Ky.), another long-time budget writer, also panned the White House’s request. “They’re almost done,” Rogers said about the fiscal 2017 appropriations measures, when asked whether it is feasible to slash this year’s spending baseline before April 28.
House Appropriations Chairman Rodney Frelinghuysen (R-N.J.) is not ruling out the cuts. But a panel spokesperson noted Friday that “OMB did not provide specific program reductions.” 
Any major changes to the appropriations bills at this point, halfway through the fiscal year, could destroy any prospects of Democratic cooperation.
“I want to make it very clear. If there are major changes, the deal is off,” Rep. Nita Lowey (D-N.Y.), the House Appropriations Committee’s top Democrat, told POLITICO on Thursday. “If there are sudden requests that were not presented to us before, those raise some very serious questions.” 
At least eight Democratic votes are currently needed to pass spending legislation in the Senate. And Democratic resistance would likely sink any spending package GOP leaders need clear by the end of April. 
Many congressional Democrats hope the latest House-passed fiscal 2017 defense spending bill will become the core of a much broader government funding package over the next month, avoiding a government shutdown or another stopgap spending bill that simply extends current levels.
The Trump administration is wading into the fiscal 2017 spending fight as it requests an additional $30 billion through a defense supplemental appropriation, which CBO Director Mick Mulvaney has said he hopes will be tacked onto appropriations legislation for the current fiscal year. 
Officials close to Trump, including Vice President Mike Pence, have told lawmakers they are seeking a “fiscally responsible” supplemental, which would not add to the deficit. And slashing domestic spending is the only way to make that math work.
Out of the $30 billion defense request, the White House proposes that $5 billion come from its overseas contingency fund and $10 billion from raising defense spending caps, which have been repeatedly reaffirmed as part of Congress' spending deals.
The remaining $15 billion would come from discretionary spending — a tall order for many subcommittees. That cutback would absorb much of the proposed $21 billion allotment for the Agriculture Department or the $32 billion set aside for Interior and environment accounts.
Mulvaney told reporters this week the president’s plan for fiscal 2017 bills “follows the same sort of general outline” as his fiscal 2018 proposal: “More spending on defense, more spending on border enforcement, some other line items, and also reductions elsewhere, and money for the wall.” 
This is not the first time the Trump administration has sought to make its mark on the fiscal 2017 spending bills. Shortly after the election, GOP leaders said the White House asked them to delay their omnibus spending package until the spring. But until the budget release Thursday, GOP lawmakers said they had not received any of the administration’s fiscal 2017 spending priorities.



ARTICLE
Reince Priebus’s request that the FBI refute a report of Donald Trump associates’ contacts with Russian intelligence appears to have violated the White House’s policy restricting political interference in pending investigations, according to a copy of the policy obtained by POLITICO.
The policy says only the president, vice president and White House counsel can discuss specific investigations or cases with the attorney general, deputy attorney general, associate attorney general or solicitor general. Any other conversations require the approval of the White House counsel, according to the document.
Story Continued Below
White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said Priebus’s conversation was permissible because it involved responding to a news article. 
But former White House lawyers questioned Sanders’ assertion, noting that if officials could contact the Justice Department about any case covered by the news media, there’d be few major cases off limits.
“Under this policy, it’s totally out of line,” a former White House lawyer said.
Trump’s policy includes an exception for “public affairs,” but only in “matters that do not relate to a particular contemplated or pending investigation or case.”
Priebus was discussing a New York Times report that the FBI, as part of its investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election, intercepted and reviewed repeated contacts between Trump associates, including campaign staff, and Russian agents. 
Trump’s policy restricting contacts with the Justice Department follows a 40-year tradition of presidents from both parties taking steps to insulate law enforcement from political influence. But former executive branch lawyers say that enforcement is the key.
“What are they doing to ensure the policy is followed?” said Ian Bassin, a former Obama White House lawyer and executive director of watchdog group United to Protect Democracy. “The rational conclusion is: not enough.”
White House officials said Priebus made the request because FBI assistant director Andrew McCabe told Priebus in a conversation on Feb. 15 that the Times article wasn’t accurate. Priebus asked “What can we do about this?” and McCabe said he would answer later, according to the officials’ account. McCabe and FBI Director James Comey then separately called Priebus to say the FBI couldn’t comment, according to the White House officials.
White House counsel Don McGahn laid out the policy in a Jan. 27 memo to all White House staff titled “Communications Restrictions with Personnel at the Department of Justice.”
“In order to ensure that DOJ exercises its investigatory and prosecutorial functions free from the fact or appearance of improper political influence, these rules must be strictly followed,” McGahn wrote in the memo.
The policy resembles the one in place during the Obama administration, but the Trump administration’s conduct suggests it isn’t being enforced, said Norm Eisen, a former ethics lawyer for President Obama.
“They type nice-sounding phrases on paper but they don’t actually follow them,” said Eisen, who leads a watchdog group called Citizens for Ethics and Responsibility in Washington that is suing Trump over accepting foreign payments known as emoluments. “The treatment of the Reince contact is a perfect example — they’re making a mockery of this.”
The firewall between the White House and the Justice Department has been a consistent policy for 40 years, set out in memos from White House counsels and attorneys general from both parties. The policies originated in the Carter administration’s efforts to restore public faith in the Justice Department after Watergate and a 1978 corruption scandal in which a member of Congress asked the attorney general to fire a prosecutor who was investigating the lawmaker.
While the independence of the Justice Department received special attention, past administrations also extended restrictions to all federal agencies — preventing White House staff from weighing in on everything from corporate mergers to commercial licenses. But the McGahn memo applies only to the Justice Department.
That would leave the door open to White House staff involving themselves in specific civil enforcement cases, adjudications, contracts, waivers, grants and other activities by federal agencies, or even law enforcement matters at agencies outside DOJ like the U.S. Park Police or Immigration and Customs Enforcement. 
A White House official said staff has received oral guidance about other agencies, and a separate memo is being finalized.
“It’s good to see the White House has a partial policy in place, but this only covers contacts with DOJ while prior policies covered contacts with all agencies about matters that should be free of improper interference,” said Bassin.
The policy still leaves the White House counsel with significant discretion to approve other contacts or give certain staffers special privileges. The flexibility is important, but past administrations used it sparingly, three former White House lawyers said.
“They didn’t make it clear these communications would be extremely rare, and not happen if persons inside the White House were affiliated with the entities being investigated,” Richard Painter, a former ethics lawyers to George W. Bush, said of Trump’s policy. “We made it very clear: you don’t contact the Securities and Exchange Commission, you don’t contact the Federal Trade Commission, you don’t contact the Federal Election Commission — generally the White House stays out of particular-party matters.”



ARTICLE
A Secret Service computer containing sensitive security information about Trump Tower was stolen from an agent’s vehicle in New York on Thursday, along with a set of security perimeter pins, a personal laptop, and other items, federal and New York City law enforcement sources told POLITICO. 
The Secret Service laptop, which contained information about the layout and evacuation routes in Trump Tower, was still missing as of Friday afternoon, according to multiple sources familiar with the investigation. 
Story Continued Below
Two of the sources said that some items stolen from the vehicle — including a set of lapel pins that allow agents entry into security perimeters around dignitaries protected by the Secret Service — had been recovered in the vicinity soon after the break-in. 
One person who is in contact with the Secret Service said that an agency-issued radio used for secure closed-circuit communications also was among the stolen items, but the person did not know whether it had been recovered. 
The Secret Service declined to comment on the pins or the radio. 
But, in a statement, the agency said that it is investigating the laptop theft with help from the New York City Police Department. The statement stressed that agency-issued laptops “contain multiple layers of security including full disk encryption” that prevent unauthorized individuals from accessing their contents. 
A law enforcement official who has worked with the Secret Service said that, in order to access agency computers, users need an authorized electronic identity card and at least two different passwords. 
The closed-circuit agency radios are encrypted, said the person who is in contact with the Secret Service. Nonetheless, the incident provoked alarm among law enforcement officials. 
One official characterized as highly sensitive the information on the laptop about the physical layout of Trump Tower, where President Donald Trump’s family maintains a residence and the Trump Organization and campaign maintain offices. 
The official said the theft of the laptop feeds the perception that that there’s a “culture of complacency among the agents as to the gravitas of the mission.” 
The missing laptop is the latest embarrassment for the agency, after recent revelations about an intruder who managed to jump the White House fence and evade apprehension for 15 minutes, as well as an investigation into two agents who reportedly are under investigation for taking photos with Trump’s sleeping grandson.



ARTICLE
The Trump administration is appealing a Maryland federal judge's ruling blocking a key part of President Donald Trump's revised travel ban executive order. 
Justice Department attorneys filed a notice Friday afternoon appealing U.S. District Court Judge Theodore Chuang's temporary restraining order against Trump's directive cutting off visas for citizens of six Muslim-majority countries. 
Story Continued Below
"The Department of Justice strongly disagrees with the Maryland federal district court’s ruling, and looks forward to defending the President’s Executive Order seeking to protect our Nation’s security," a Justice Department spokesperson said.
The appeal will go to the 4th Circuit Court of Appeals, based in Richmond, Virginia. 
The Justice Department had no immediate comment on plans to appeal a similar, though broader, ruling from a Hawaii-based judge halting the visa ban as well as the suspension of refugee admissions from around the world.
The quick appeal in the Maryland case could indicate an effort by Trump's legal team to try to delay seeking another ruling from the traditionally liberal 9th Circuit in the hope of finding a more receptive judicial audience at the 4th Circuit. However, that court has swung in a more liberal direction in recent years, so a win there for Trump is far from a sure thing.
Still, the Justice Department could have trouble getting the case moving on an expedited schedule at the 4th Circuit as long as the restraining order from Honolulu-based Judge Derrick Watson remains in place, since it would prevent the administration moving forward even if the Maryland order were lifted.
While the Trump administration needs to move with some speed in order to buttress its claims that the travel ban orders are necessary to address urgent national security concerns, some degree of delay could be to the administration's strategic advantage. Trump's nominee for the Supreme Court, Neil Gorsuch, could be confirmed by mid-April and would then be in a position to provide a pivotal swing vote in the administration's favor on any emergency requests it makes to allow the latest travel ban directive to take effect.
The Justice Department could also be holding off on appealing the ruling from Watson in order to ask him directly to modify the scope of his ruling.
The Hawaii case was brought by the State of Hawaii and the imam of the local Muslim association. The Maryland case was filed by two refugee aid groups, the International Refugee Assistance Project and HIAS, formerly known as the Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society.
Meanwhile, the Seattle-based federal judge who issued the broadest injunction against Trump's original travel ban order said Friday that he's putting off ruling on a similar request regarding the revised version. 
"The Federal District Court of Hawai'i's nationwide injunction already provides plaintiffs the relief they seek in their TRO [temporary restraining order] motion," U.S. District Court Judge James Robart wrote in an order deferring the request from several U.S. citizens or residents and family members abroad who could be impacted by the travel ban. He also stayed a similar request from a group of states pursuing a parallel case also assigned to him.
Opponents of Trump's travel ban orders said they're confident the courts will leave the injunctions in place.
"President Trump’s Muslim ban has fared miserably in the courts, and for good reason — it violates fundamental provisions of our Constitution. We look forward to defending this careful and well-reasoned decision in the appeals court," said Omar Jadwat of the American Civil Liberties Union, which has coordinated a series of lawsuits over the directives.



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump on Friday again refused to back down from his unsupported claim that President Barack Obama ordered an illegal wiretap of his phone, cracking that he has “something in common, perhaps” with German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
Obama’s relationship with Merkel was tested in 2013 as reports, culled from documents stolen by Edward Snowden, emerged that the National Security Agency had monitored Merkel’s cell phone activity.
Story Continued Below
A German reporter confronted Trump about his explosive wiretapping allegations at a joint news conference during Merkel’s visit to Washington on Friday. 
“As far as wiretapping, I guess by, you know, this past administration, at least we have something in common, perhaps,” Trump said, gesturing toward Merkel. 
Obama and his former director of national intelligence, James Clapper, have denied Trump’s claim, and Trump has offered no evidence to support it. Leaders of the House and Senate intelligence committees, meanwhile, came out this week and also said there is no evidence to suggest the allegation is true.
Many Republicans are reportedly frustrated that Trump continues to advance the unproven theory.
But Trump dodged when the reporter asked him about the White House's decision to reference Fox News commentator Andrew Napolitano's unsubstantiated claim that Obama had asked the British spying agency to surveil Trump. Trump blamed the allegation on a “very talented legal mind," and then told the reporter to ask the network about it.
“I didn’t make an opinion on it,” Trump said. “That was a statement made by a very talented lawyer on Fox. And so you shouldn’t be talking to me. You should be talking to Fox.”
The British spy agency has strongly denied the claim. And shortly after the press conference, Fox anchor Shepard Smith said Friday that the network cannot confirm Napolitano's commentary.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer refused to back down from the unsupported allegation on Friday or to take responsibility for spreading it. The White House, he said in a brief gaggle with reporters, does not regret repeating it.
"We just reiterated the fact that we were just simply reading media accounts," he told reporters. "That’s it."
“I don’t think we regret anything," he added. "We literally listed a litany of media reports that are in the public domain."
Tara Palmeri contributed reporting.



ARTICLE
The White House linked on its online daily briefing page to a satirical Washington Post opinion article with a headline that actually sharply criticizes President Donald Trump’s proposed budget. 
The administration’s "1600 Daily" update linked to Alexandra Petri’s opinion piece titled "Trump’s budget makes perfect sense and will fix America, and I will tell you why.” 
Story Continued Below
“BUT HOW WILL I SURVIVE ON THIS BUDGET? you may be wondering,” she writes. “I AM A HUMAN CHILD, NOT A COSTLY FIGHTER JET. You may not survive, but that is because you are SOFT and WEAK, something this budget is designed to eliminate.”
Petri writes the Post’s “ComPost blog” which offers “a lighter take on the news and opinions of the day.” 
She also criticizes the budget for cutting the state department, EPA, agriculture department, commerce department, labor department and National Institute of Health, among others. 
“Clean rivers and breathable air are making us SOFT and letting the Chinese and the Russians get the jump on us,” she writes. “We must go back to the America that was great, when the air was full of coal and danger and the way you could tell if the air was breathable was by carrying a canary around with you at all times, perched on your leathery, coal-dust-covered finger.” 
The 1600 Daily is updated each day with President Trump’s schedule and highlights from the president, first lady, vice president and second lady. It also features news reports generally favorable to the administration. 
The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment. They deleted the article from their website Friday afternoon. 



ARTICLE
George Conway, the husband of White House counselor Kellyanne Conway, has emerged as the front-runner to lead the civil division of the Department of Justice, according to two people familiar with the matter.
It could prove a key job as the head of the civil division will oversee the defense of the Trump administration in the courts in many legal battles, including those over the president's stalled executive order related to travel from certain Muslim-majority countries.
Story Continued Below
Conway, a partner at the firm Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz, was previously considered for the post of solicitor general, which argues before the Supreme Court, but that job ultimately went to Noel Francisco. 
Conway, who is of Filipino descent, is a respected longtime GOP lawyer who received his undergraduate degree from Harvard and his law degree from Yale. He previously clerked for Judge Ralph Winter on the 2nd Circuit Court of Appeals, according to his Wachtell Lipton biography. In the 1990s, he was on the legal team of some of the female accusers of President Bill Clinton. 
The current acting assistant attorney general, Chad Readler, is a veteran of Jones Day, the former law firm of White House Counsel Don McGahn.
The DOJ declined to comment. The White House and both George and Kellyanne Conway did not immediately respond to requests for comment.



ARTICLE
NASHVILLE, Tenn. — President Donald Trump is not always one to sweat the details. But with two of his major campaign promises in serious danger and the wiretapping controversy consuming headlines, the president privately seethed to aides Wednesday, as his travel ban was again ruled unconstitutional. 
Then, he took the stage to rapturous applause and told the crowd how great his administration is doing.
Story Continued Below
"I'd much rather spend time with you than any of the pundits, consultants, or special interests," Trump told the crowd.
Trump's presidency, as his campaign did, seems to be operating on two tracks. In Washington, judges rule against him, legislators fret at his inability to focus, tales emerge of administrative disorder and aides fight for the president's ear. It sometimes seems to be more sizzle than steak, with a president frustrated and sometimes uninterested with the details and struggling to enact his agenda. 
On the road, his fans line up for 12 hours or more, yell down protesters and scream his praises so loudly that it can be difficult to hear. The president throws lots of red-meat lines to his supporters, as do his surrogates. Introducing him on Wednesday night, his daughter-in-law Lara Trump said it was nice people were saying the Pledge of Allegiance and “Merry Christmas” again. It was unclear when anyone stopped, but the crowd loved it. 
A federal judge ruled his new travel ban unconstitutional about an hour before he was scheduled to address a raucous rally here Wednesday, even though aides watered down a first one that was also ruled unconstitutional. The judge partially blamed the administration's own words for the ruling. 
Offstage, Trump flashed irritation and anger to aides and advisers and grew red-faced as he talked about the travel ban order onstage, according to administration officials. How, Trump asked the people around him, was this one shot down, too? 
At the rally, he mocked the judge and said the ruling was mere politics. He vowed to fight to the Supreme Court. 
He drew some of the biggest applause when mentioning "radical Islamic terrorism," which some aides have disagreed with because it hurts their ability to work with Islamic allies. And, just as he responded to the judicial ruling blocking his first travel ban by insulting the “so-called” judge, he damaged his case for a future ban, advocates say, by saying he preferred the first one, but the crowd didn't seem to notice.
To add to his woes, the leading Republican on the House Intelligence Committee said there was no evidence for Trump's claims that former President Barack Obama "wiretapped" his phones in Trump Tower during the "very sacred" election. His claims were widely mocked, and Thursday legislators in Washington again said they weren't substantiated. 
He doubled down, saying evidence would emerge in the next two weeks — even though officials say there is none. Sean Spicer, his press secretary, who was forced to apologize to the British on Friday after repeating claims that the country tapped the White House, was mobbed by the crowd as a hero. 
"Way to tell them like it is, Sean!" one man yelled. Dozens of people lined up for pictures with Spicer, who continued to back the president. 
His budget came under widespread criticism, even some from Republicans, for cutting money to programs like Meals on Wheels and foreign aid. He defended it robustly by vowing to "cut the hell out of taxes" and building the military. He was roundly cheered.
Nothing showed the dichotomy more than health care. His law seemed to be on the ropes, with conservatives railing against it and the White House feverishly negotiating changes. In Washington, aides and GOP legislators are increasingly worried that Trump can't focus on it. "I don't know what he will do," one senior GOP aide said. 
The health care law has created long days and difficult nights for Speaker Paul Ryan, who deeply cares about the individual provisions and his reputation on getting it done. It’s brought salad days for lobbyists and sent health care executives scurrying around Capitol Hill. It has scared his aides, who fear that if it fails, getting anything else accomplished will be hard. 
Scott Reed, the chief strategist for the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, said the success of the bill would depend on whether Trump "leans his shoulder into the wheel." It is undoubtedly Trump’s first major legislative test — one that could set the tone for the rest of his administration.
At the rally, he railed against the Democrats for the health care law, repeating the infamous Obama phrase: "If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor." He gave little specifics about what's next but promised the crowd he would eventually fix Obamacare. 
Yet Trump only mentioned the law near the end of his speech. In private conversations with advisers, aides and associates, Trump often seems more animated about other issues like taxes or immigration, or leaks within his administration or his media coverage. Several of his closest aides, including Steve Bannon and Stephen Miller, who often drive policy in the White House, have seemed far less interested in health care, people who know and have spoken to them say. 
While aides say Trump is determined to reach a deal on repealing Obamacare, he’s privately mused he would be OK if this particular proposal fails—as long as Democrats take the blame. But he recently told legislators he didn't like seeing people on TV saying bad things about him and the law. Several people have left recent conversations with him feeling that he doesn’t care as much about the details, as long as he has something to sign. 
“He has been mostly taken aback by how everyone is so unhappy with the plan,” said one friend who often speaks to the president.
A White House spokesman did not respond to request for comment.
One reason for the rally, one adviser said, was for Trump to see that he remains popular outside Washington. His team delayed the rally so the crowd could fill into the upper deck, knowing he would be upset if he saw empty seats. He complained backstage about the ban.
Roaring onto the stage as Lee Greenwood sang “God Bless the USA,” his face soon grew red as he derided drugs coming in from Mexico, liberal judges from the West Coast and the “very dishonest” news media. 
He speaks in broad terms, talking about the stock market rising and taking credit. He reminded the crowd of his executive orders and his nomination of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court, cherry-picking facts and presenting his case with conviction. The president mocked Hillary Clinton, even though the election ended four months ago, bringing a sustained cheer of “lock her up!” from the crowd. Trump didn’t respond but let them chant for at least 10 seconds.
Newsmax CEO Chris Ruddy, a friend who often speaks to Trump, said the president enjoys the rallies because they give him a chance “to give his message globally.”
“If he gets what he promised done, and I think he has a good shot at it, everything else won't matter,” Ruddy said.
On Air Force One back to Washington, Trump seemed happy with the rally and made some news — that he will hold them every two weeks. Trump then turned briefly to health care, again offering no specifics. 
“We will get something through. We’re going to mix it up, we’re going to come up with something. We always do,” Trump said. 



ARTICLE
After meeting with the Republican Study Committee, President Donald Trump on Friday asserted that conservatives who had opposed the House’s health care plan now support the bill, and he claimed credit for their stances. 
Trump, who said the group made “certain changes” but “frankly very little” to the proposal, also said he wanted “everyone to know I’m 100 percent behind” the plan.
Story Continued Below
“I also want everyone to know that all of these no’s or potential no’s are all yeses,” Trump said. “Every single person sitting in this room is now a yes.”
House Republicans are set to vote Thursday on the Obamacare replacement bill, sources tell POLITICO.
Later Friday morning, at a different meeting on veterans’ affairs, Trump reiterated that the House members had changed their minds about the bill and claimed that it took just 15 minutes into the discussion for them to do so. (He did acknowledge that they had been debating the bill for four or five days beforehand.)
Trump's claim of success drew quick pushback, though, from at least one House conservative, the libertarian-leaning Michigan Rep. Justin Amash. 
"Absolutely not true that conservatives have flipped to yes on the health care bill," Amash tweeted. "It doesn't repeal Obamacare. It remains a disaster."
The proposal has been criticized by conservatives in the House as too similar to the Affordable Care Act, former President Barack Obama’s health care overhaul known as Obamacare, with too few cuts to the federal government’s involvement in the health care system.Moderates in the Senate, meanwhile, have questioned whether it cuts too much, so any move to make the House version more conservative risks hurting its chances of passing the other chamber.
But Trump did not mention that dynamic on Friday, instead making bold promises about the success of the plan. This version will be “fantastic,” he said, insurance “plans are going to come out like nobody’s ever seen before,” and “we’re going to take care of people at all levels.”
But he also suggested, without elaborating, that it might “take a little while” to work.
“We're going to have a health care plan that's going to be second to none,” Trump said. “It's going to be great. And the people will see that. By the way, it will take a little while because before it all kicks in and welds together, it takes a little while.”
As he often does, Trump also criticized the press, arguing that news organizations have not been “speaking properly” in its coverage of the proposal. He also that Obamacare is “dead.”



ARTICLE
Rep. Robert Aderholt was among a bloc of conservatives threatening to tank the Republican health care plan when President Donald Trump summoned him to the White House on Friday.
At a meeting with more than a dozen other lawmakers wary of the legislation, Aderholt told Trump he was worried that elderly Americans would be hit with huge premium increases. But Trump prevailed on him, looking Aderholt in the eye and promising: "These are my people and I will not let them down. We will fix this for them."
Story Continued Below
Aderholt switched his vote in favor right then and there. 
House Republican leaders and Trump hustled behind the scenes Friday to whip support for Speaker Paul Ryan’s replacement bill — and the efforts appeared to be paying off.
After promising to make a number of tweaks to the current draft — changes aimed at winning over conservatives and centrist Republicans — GOP leaders felt confident enough to schedule a floor vote on the bill Thursday, seven years to the day that Barack Obama signed the Affordable Care Act.
Much of that confidence stems from Trump's hands-on involvement. He summoned leaders of the House Republican Study Committee to the White House Friday and emerged saying he had won them over. Indeed, sources in the room told POLITICO he went around the room and asked each member if they’d vote for his bill — and each one of them gave the president the answer he wanted. Trump also said he wanted “everyone to know I’m 100 percent behind” the plan.
“I … want everyone to know that all of these no’s or potential no’s are all yeses,” Trump said afterward of his discussions with lawmakers. “Every single person sitting in this room is now a yes.”
A senior administration official called the Oval Office meeting a "turning point." But it’s still far from certain that Republicans have the 216 votes needed to pass the bill. Several House Freedom Caucus members emerged from a closed-door GOP meeting Friday morning and said the changes discussed weren’t enough to earn their support. Sources told POLITICO there could be a few more tweaks to the bill, but none that would go as far as the Freedom Caucus has been demanding.
It's also unclear whether some moderates who were critical of Ryan's blueprint are now on board. Starting Monday, the president plans to reach out to more centrist Republicans.
But GOP leaders think they’re close to finding what Ryan called the “sweet spot” — a bill that can garner just enough of the far-right while keeping enough centrist Republicans for passage. 
"The president laid these [revisions] out and said, ‘Look, with these changes, I’m 1,000 percent behind this bill. I want you to vote for this bill. Can you vote for this bill?’” recalled Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-La.), who was in the room Friday morning helping Trump whip votes. “And every member in the room said yes, which was significant. …That’s a major, major turnaround and real momentum shifter for where we are. It shows this president’s been willing to roll up his sleeves and get in the middle of a negotiation and actually get people to yes.”
Trump called in more than a dozen leaders of the Republican Study Committee who had major issues with the bill. They included Chairman Mark Walker, who previously said he could not vote for the initial draft, and Freedom Caucus member Gary Palmer, who voted against the measure in committee. They all left in support, though, after the president blessed a pair of changes involving Medicaid that conservatives had sought.
Walker called the turnabout a “big win for conservatives.”
“We had eight members of our steering committee that as of yesterday were either undecided or lean no,” Walker told reporters after the White House meeting with Trump. “Based on these two requests, [they] all moved to yes today.”
Rep. Barry Loudermilk (R-Ga.), another leader of the Republican Study Committee who attended the meeting, said he and his colleagues were negotiating with House leadership until midnight Thursday night to get to an agreement on changes that the conservative bloc wants. When they arrived at the White House on Friday, all they needed was Trump's consent, which he provided.
“The president asked us directly individually, will you vote for that if we make these changes,” Loudermilk said. The president went around the room. “We were all a yes.” 
At the GOP conference meeting on Capitol Hill Friday, Ryan told lawmakers about two potential changes to the bill, both of them relatively significant reforms to Medicaid. One would allow states to require some Medicaid enrollees to seek work or education in order to qualify for the program. The other would allow states to transform their Medicaid programs into a block grant, another conservative idea meant to rein in costs and let states run the program.
They also discussed beefing up health care tax credits for the elderly, a concern shared by a number of congressional Republicans. A controversial budget scoring of the bill found that older Americans in the future could pay as much as $14,000 for premiums compared to $1,700 under Obamacare, alarming lawmakers.
Not everyone in the GOP conference is satisfied with where the bill stands. Rep. Charlie Dent (R-Pa.), a member of the moderate Tuesday Group, said Friday he’s still waiting for more details. Freedom Caucus Member Raul Labrador (R-Idaho) scoffed at two of the changes mentioned and said they would not change his mind, though he said he'd have to see the final language. 
Labrador did not seem happy about the Friday negotiations.
"They’re buying off people one by one with these little changes, and if people just want little changes to the bill, they’re going to be able to be bought off," he said. "But [the Freedom Caucus is] talking about significant changes to the bill."
Even Trump supporter Rep. Lou Barletta (R-Pa.) said he wasn’t sure that leadership had the votes and that he’s still leaning against the legislation: "I think there's an understanding that people have some real concerns with the whole bill."
Despite the resistance from some quarters, GOP leaders were elated by Friday's sequence of events. They feel they have momentum at their back, and they're confident they can pass the bill next week.
"This is a great day!" Scalise exclaimed.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump’s pressure on the military to "demolish and destroy" the Islamic State is raising anxiety inside the Pentagon that the United States could end up in another open-ended ground war, according to current and former military officials.
The U.S. has quietly sent hundreds of additional troops to Iraq and Syria since Trump took office, and is considering dispatching thousands more to counter ISIS, fight militants in Yemen and stem a Taliban resurgence in Afghanistan. But the deliberations are testing Trump’s promise to steer clear of foreign entanglements, and has his military commanders questioning whether they can maintain their meticulously drawn line between supporting local forces and leading the fight.
Story Continued Below
"How much more blood do we want to shed for Iraq?" asked one senior officer who recently returned from the war zone. 
The escalating risk of U.S. casualties is shadowing the Pentagon’s internal strategy sessions, the officials said in interviews. Trump’s demand for a more aggressive strategy also raises concerns among commanders about whether they can accomplish the mission without turning U.S. troops into a substitute for local fighters, which until now have depended only on U.S. military advisers, special operations forces and air strikes.
"Some call this accelerating the campaign; some call it mission creep," said one military officer involved in the discussions who was not authorized to speak publicly. 
Some lawmakers say the U.S. military role in the region is steadily expanding with little if any debate about the implications.
"What we see happening is the classic definition of mission creep," said Rep. Jim McGovern, a Massachusetts Democrat and leading anti-war voice on Capitol Hill. "A few hundred here, a couple hundred there, a few more hundred here. You see our military footprint expanding ever more."
Trump has straddled the issue — speaking out about the urgent need to defeat ISIS and criticizing former President Barack Obama’s “leading from behind strategy,” but also expressing wariness about large-scale military involvement in the Middle East. 
On Thursday, Trump laid out plans for a military buildup in his first budget request, while asking Congress for $30 billion in extra funds for the military this year. That would include money to "accelerate the campaign to defeat the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria," he wrote in his message to Congress.
The acceleration is already underway. 
In recent weeks the Pentagon, at the request of Army Lt. Gen. Stephen Townsend, the top commander in Baghdad, has quietly inserted hundreds of conventional troops into Syria to aid preparations to retake Raqqa, the capital of the Islamic State's self-declared caliphate. 
A Marine artillery unit, including about 200 personnel, is on the outskirts of Raqqa to help tighten the noose around the group's headquarters — an effort being spearheaded by a coalition of Syrian Arab, Kurdish and Christian forces, collectively known as the Syrian Democratic Forces. About 100 Army Rangers are helping provide security in the recently liberated city of Manbij in northern Syria.
They join at least 500 American troops already inside Syria and more than 5,000 American military advisers, trainers and attack helicopter crews in Iraq, where Iraqi forces are waging an intense fight to retake the northern city of Mosul.
The moves mark an escalation in the three-year-old campaign to dislodge the Islamic State from large swaths of its territory. 
The Pentagon is also considering sending several thousands of additional troops to Kuwait as what one military official with direct knowledge described as a "reserve" force for the anti-ISIS fight in Iraq and Syria. And a stepped-up U.S. bombing campaign in recent weeks against al Qaeda in Yemen is raising further questions about deeper involvement in that country's civil war, while the commander in Afghanistan recently telegraphed that he will seek more forces — on top of 8,400 already there — to beat back a Taliban resurgence.
But military spokespeople insist that the U.S. role will remain one of advising and assisting local forces — and that American ground forces will be inserted directly into the fight only if absolutely necessary. 
"Our No. 1 goal for our force is to enable our partner forces to liberate their lands," Air Force Col. John Dorrian, a spokesman for the U.S. command in Baghdad, told reporters on Wednesday. He added, “Our No. 2 role is to make sure that we protect our own force as they execute that mission."
But he said the Pentagon is not prepared to reveal much detail about the numbers, locations or missions of troops already there or others that may be on the way — in what some view as a departure from tradition. 
"We are not going to do it as a play-by-play every day," Dorrian said, adding that being too transparent about the moves would pose additional risks because the U.S. troops are in "isolated conditions" and small formations.
Yet the risks inherent in involving more troops in the fight — especially a Syrian civil war with a host of competing sides — is a primary consideration in current Pentagon planning, according to multiple officials with direct knowledge.
The additional U.S. troops under consideration "are there to lend specific technical capabilities," said one military official who has seen the options to accelerate the campaign, which were delivered to the White House earlier this month. Those include helping local allies with communications, logistics and intelligence, but also "fire support," like the newly deployed Marine artillery unit. 
The challenge is to ensure that U.S. troops do not become a substitute for the local forces on the ground that are fighting ISIS, said the official, who was not authorized to speak publicly. "I don't foresee that changing even with more cowbell. You are not going to see rifle companies doing rifle company stuff."
But that could prove difficult given the unpredictable situation on the ground, including multiple warring factions with different agendas. 
To fight ISIS, the United States is leading a coalition of nations in supporting Iraqi security forces and troops from the Kurdish area of northern Iraq in the battle for Mosul. In Syria, in addition to the Syrian Democratic Forces, the U.S. is also working with the People's Protection Units, a militia that is a mix of Arabs, Turkomen and Kurds and in conflict with neighboring Turkey, a NATO ally. 
Syrian President Bashar Assad, whose forces are fighting some of the United States’ allies, is calling the American forces in the country "invaders."
Further complicating the situation is the presence of Russian forces, who are aiding the Assad government — but some of whom are also operating along with the U.S. Army Rangers in Manbij. 
Dorrian acknowledged that avoiding a confrontation with Moscow is a major worry. "It is a concern of ours. It is quite clear it is a concern of theirs," he said.
Still, influential voices in Washington are calling for a greater U.S. military commitment. The "U.S. must act quickly" and "seize and secure a base of operations in southeastern Syria in order to expand American freedom of action in the region," said a report issued Wednesday by the American Enterprise Institute and the Institute for the Study of War, hawkish think tanks that have advised U.S. military commanders in the region.
"The goal is to help form a new Syrian Sunni Arab partner,” the report said, adding that “U.S actions must set the conditions necessary to prevent the reconstitution of ISIS and al Qaeda and to resettle refugees eventually.” 
The report effectively calls on Trump to take ownership of the war against ISIS. For now, though, Trump is simply "supersizing the Obama strategy," said one of the report's main authors, Frederick Kagan.
"We have very little leverage on the ground and probably a limited ability to understand what is going on if we are not there," Kagan said in an interview. "If we are serious about this we must have some presence."
He similarly argued that additional American troops are needed in Afghanistan, where the top U.S. commander, Gen. John Nicholson, told Congress last month that "we have a shortfall of a few thousand."
"It is not a stalemate; we are losing," Kagan said. "How do we help the Afghans to stop losing?"
But current and former military officials said debate rages among leaders in the Pentagon and commanders in the field about what constitutes too much U.S. involvement, especially in Syria.
"The fundamental question is this: How do you lead the fight without leading?" asked retired Army Lt. Gen. Mick Bednarek, who was the top U.S. officer in Baghdad until 2015 and still advises the Pentagon.
"We made the decision long ago in Iraq while I was there that this is not our fight," added Bednarek, who witnessed ISIS taking control of large swaths of Iraq and Syria in 2014. "It is a fine line. How do we get as close to the front as we can to bolster up our coalition partners without leading as we help assist, advise and support them in their effort?"



ARTICLE
Steve Bannon was furious.
Last weekend, the Washington Examiner published a story claiming that President Donald Trump had vowed to back primary challengers to run against Republicans who oppose the GOP's health care plan. The article named Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows as a "possible target." Bannon believed the story was categorically untrue, according to sources, and he met with Meadows over the weekend as speculation mounted about who was behind it. 
Story Continued Below
Multiple House Republican whips denied that Trump made the threat during the meeting with GOP leaders cited in the story. But a few days later, Trump leaned on Paul Ryan to compromise with the House's far-right flank, which has dubbed the speaker's health care bill "Obamacare-Lite."
The Freedom Caucus may not need to fear Trump-backed primary challengers because of this episode. But the group, nonetheless, is taking a big risk in threatening to blow up Ryan’s health care proposal: Its passage is a top priority for Trump and could have ramifications for the rest of the president's agenda. Trump told GOP vote counters last week that he’d do everything in his power to get it through Congress. 
The Freedom Caucus, however, has clearly found a sympathetic ear in Trump’s right-hand man Bannon, who wants conservatives to be included in the legislative process instead of twisting their arms to vote yes. The fledgling alliance has given the group newfound hope that they can win the White House over to their side — or, at least, that Trump won’t blame them if Obamacare repeal implodes.
“The last thing I want is for the president to be mad at me,” Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows told POLITICO in a brief interview on Thursday. “He asked me to negotiate in good faith, so I have been working around the clock to negotiate in good faith, reaching out to people that I would not normally reach out to. He understands that no one wants a deal more than me.” 
Allies of Ryan say the speaker can’t possibly agree to everything that conservatives are requesting, and they don't believe Meadows and the Freedom Caucus have engaged in good faith. They also argue that Ryan, at the White House's behest, is trying to incorporate their wishes while still getting the bill passed within a week.
But for months, conservatives have complained that GOP leaders aren't listening to them. That's why Meadows (R-N.C.), who declined to divulge details of his talks with the White House, and other conservatives have circumvented leadership and taken their case to the White House. Trump has essentially become the middleman between warring House GOP factions. 
The Freedom Caucus' unwillingness to go along with GOP leaders could backfire if Trump loses his patience. The president carried most of its members' districts by wide margins. If he turns against them — blaming them for the bill’s failure — the hard-liners could find themselves in a precarious spot in the 2018 midterms. 
“Everybody’s concerned about getting into a Twitter war with the president,” said Freedom Caucus member Raúl Labrador of Idaho. He added, however, that conservatives can’t simply get on board with something they reject. 
And it's not only the House factions complicating the calculus.
Conservative lawmakers have proven adept at exploiting similar divisions in the White House to build momentum for their cause. Administration sources say they stovepipe their concerns to Bannon because of his relationships with the far right, and they warily eye others aligned with chief of staff Reince Priebus, who is closer to Ryan. 
They've found sympathizers in the West Wing for complaints that leadership has excluded them from the legislative process. One senior administration official told POLITICO that “House leadership cut them out of the process totally.”
“We opened up a direct channel" with Meadows, fellow Freedom Caucus leader Jim Jordan and Sen. Ted Cruz, the source continued, "to get the real issues on the table.”
If Trump is aware of the infighting, he's not acknowledging it.
"Great progress on healthcare," he tweeted Thursday. "Improvements being made — Republicans coming together!"
The White House did not respond to a request for comment.
The alliance with the White House has emboldened the Freedom Caucus. The group is now aiming to strike its own “deal” with moderates — independent of the efforts of GOP leaders. In fact, with the exception of one conversation with Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-La.), Meadows told reporters Wednesday evening that he had not spoken to GOP leaders in two weeks. He said he talks to the White House almost daily. 
The end-run around House leaders has had mixed success. The White House isn't listening to the Freedom Caucus' plea to repeal Obamacare now and replace it later, or their request to axe health care tax credits essential to the Ryan plan. But Trump pressed Ryan Tuesday night to amend his bill to placate conservatives, something the far right has been imploring the White House to do for weeks.
Meadows had given the White House a list of a half-dozen "improvements" that the group wants to be made to the bill.
Trump is also kibitzing with rank-and-file Freedom Caucus members. Rep. Scott DesJarlais of Tennessee, an early Trump supporter, flew from Nashville with the president on Air Force One late Wednesday and said the two talked about health care “pretty extensively.” 
With a cadre of top aides in the cabin, along with Rep. Marsha Blackburn, another Tennessee Republican, DesJarlais said Trump listened closely as he pitched proposals that would push the health care bill to the right. 
He also said Trump is approaching the process carefully and is weighing various ideas to help shepherd it through a Republican conference with sharp divisions. “He realizes that it’s really important to get this done, but he knows that if his name’s going to be on it, it must be a good product,” said DesJarlais, who was a doctor before coming to Congress. “I don’t think that he’s rigid.”
On Thursday, Meadows, during a panel discussion with fellow conservatives, slammed the Examiner report as inaccurate and hinted that the White House has told him it was not true. 
“It didn’t happen, and I know that from good authority, asking people that not only were in the room, but I know the president didn’t say that,” he said. 
The Examiner reporter who wrote the story stood by the report. 
Meadows suggested someone intentionally was trying to threaten him into voting for the bill and said it wasn’t working. 
“This is the typical kind of thing that happens whenever pressure comes to bear trying to get people to vote against their constituency," he said. "Obviously, we want to say ‘yes.’ Everybody up here wants to say 'yes.' But the kinds of things that are happening, they don’t bring us closer to yes. If anything, they have an opposite reaction.”



ARTICLE
A federal judge in Seattle has ruled that his order blocking President Donald Trump's original travel ban does not apply to the revised executive order.
Judge James Robart entered his ruling Thursday, one day after a federal judge in Hawaii blocked Trump's new executive order that would've suspended new visas for people from six predominantly Muslim countries and halted the U.S. refugee program.
Story Continued Below
Robart said his order last month blocking the original ban should not apply to the new one because there were enough differences between the two.
Robart noted that Washington and several other states have also asked him to block the revised ban. He said he would rule on that request later.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump is expected to tap Andrew Wheeler, a coal lobbyist and former aide to Sen. Jim Inhofe, to be deputy administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, sources familiar with the hiring process told POLITICO.
Sources cautioned that the decision has not yet been finalized, but they said Wheeler is expected to get the job. It's unclear when Trump will make the announcement, but one source said it could be weeks before Wheeler is officially tapped. 
Story Continued Below
Wheeler worked as an EPA staffer earlier in his career. He later joined Inhofe's Senate office and then spent more than a decade as a Republican staffer on the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee, where he worked on several major pieces of legislation, including the 2005 and 2007 energy bills.
He has worked at the law firm Faegre Baker Daniels since 2009. He now co-leads the firm's energy and natural resources practice. 
Wheeler is a registered lobbyist for Murray Energy, the nation’s largest privately owned coal company, which regularly filed lawsuits against the Obama administration over its environmental regulations. 
As a lobbyist, Wheeler may need to obtain a waiver to serve at the EPA. 
Trump signed an executive order in January that bars registered lobbyists from participating in “any particular matter” on which they lobbied in the past two years. Those lobbying restrictions last for two years from the time the person joins the administration.
But the executive order says the administration can grant "any person a waiver of any restrictions" in its ethics and lobbyist requirements. Unlike an order signed by former President Barack Obama in 2009, Trump's executive order doesn't require public disclosure of the waivers. 
Aside from Murray, Wheeler also lobbies on unspecified energy and energy efficiency issues for Underwriters Laboratories, an Illinois-based lab company, and on agricultural issues for cheese maker Sargento. His former clients include Xcel Energy and Bear Head LNG, as well as a cooking oil-recycling company, an auto auctioner and a medical isotope coalition.
Wheeler won't be the only energy lobbyist to join the Trump administration. Mike Catanzaro, a lobbyist at the firm CGCN Group whose clients included several fossil fuel companies, took a job at the White House last month as an energy and environmental adviser at the National Economic Council. Catanzaro is a former EPW staffer to Inhofe. 
Meanwhile, EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt, a fellow Oklahoman, has also brought former Inhofe aide Ryan Jackson on as chief of staff. Byron Brown, a former Inhofe aide, is EPA's deputy chief of staff and Mandy Gunasekara, a former EPW counsel, is now a senior policy adviser to Pruitt.
More aides with ties to Inhofe are expected to join the EPA in the coming weeks. Susan Bodine and Brittany Bolen, two EPA staffers, are widely expected to be offered jobs at EPA. 
Wheeler, a White House spokeswoman and an EPA spokesman did not immediately respond to a request for comment.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump credited the fighting spirit of the Irish people with helping to build the United States during a St. Patrick's Day reception with the Irish prime minister on Thursday. 
"I know a lot about the Irish. They fight. They're tough," Trump said.
Story Continued Below
In praising the close ties between the U.S. and Ireland Trump credited the Irish people with making the country more prosperous.
"They contributed mightily to America's innovation and America's prosperity," he said. "It's inspiring and really helped a relatively young nation."
Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny thanked Trump for the warm reception and said he was grateful for the United States' leadership, saying he was "proud to be here for a new era." He said he and Trump had a "first class" meeting.
"The job you hold is exceptionally demanding and exceptionally difficult," Kenny said.



ARTICLE
The rural voters who turned out in droves to elect President Donald Trump would be some of the biggest losers under the new White House budget.
The spending blueprint calls for a deeper cut to the Agriculture Department — 21 percent — than to just about any other agency. Trump would slash programs that invest in rural infrastructure, target rural public radio and demolish food-aid programs that farmers rely on to buy their products.
Story Continued Below
Rural voters flocked to Trump and his promises to roll back environmental regulations and overhaul Obamacare, block illegal immigrants and put blue-collar Americans back to work. They applauded his nods to farmers on the campaign trail. While many of those promises are in the budget, some are reading the cuts affecting farmers and rural communities as a sign from the White House that middle America isn’t a priority.
“Rural America elected Trump. His message to rural America is, ‘I don’t care,’” said Dee Davis, founder of the Center for Rural Strategies, a Whitesburg, Kentucky-based nonpartisan group that advocates on behalf of rural communities. 
“It’s building a firewall between a promise made and a promise kept,” Davis said. 
USDA would take a $4.7 billion hit to its discretionary budget, trimming it to just $17.9 billion. It’s unclear exactly where those cuts would fall, though the White House has named some specific targets.
The plan calls for the elimination of the Rural Business and Cooperative Service — a loan program criticized by the conservative Heritage Foundation — that costs $95 million a year, but is credited with spurring millions more in economic activity, and a water and wastewater loan and grant program, which costs nearly $500 million and largely helps rural communities. It would ax the McGovern-Dole International Food for Education program, a popular, bipartisan program that feeds more than 2.2 million people in need abroad, costing taxpayers about $195.5 million. The White House said there’s a lack of evidence the program is “being effectively implemented to reduce food insecurity.” 
Programs aimed at helping rural communities in other parts of the government would also be slashed under the plan. The Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program, which helps seniors and other low-income Americans with their heating bills, would be eliminated at the Department of Health and Human Services, as would the Federal Aviation Administration’s funding for commercial service to rural airports, and programs at USAID that buy farmers’ crops and send them abroad as food aid. 
The Interior Department’s budget would be cut by 12 percent, a move that could threaten programs that drive spending in rural communities, conservation groups said.
While the budget blueprint doesn’t touch food stamps, the country’s largest nutrition program, because that falls under mandatory funding, it would decrease the funding available for other USDA feeding programs. Feeding programs are considered important for rural communities for two reasons: They give assistance to millions of Americans who struggle to buy groceries for their families, much as low-income Americans in cities, and they also help ensure steady demand for the food that farmers sell. 
For example, the administration calls for $6.2 billion for the Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children, a federal nutrition program aimed at pregnant women and young children that now covers half of all infants born in the United States. That program received $6.6 billion in fiscal 2016, the last budget year available. The White House noted that the funding level is expected to cover all eligible beneficiaries, but anti-hunger advocates worry the reduction would limit access to those in need down the road. 
The proposal comes as rural America is struggling with higher unemployment rates and a devastating opioid epidemic. One in four children in rural America are living in poverty. One in five live in a household that sometimes struggles to put food on the table. 
The proposed cuts are so dramatic they’ve also caught the ire of key farm-state Republicans, some of whom have strongly supported the president.
“The president’s proposed budget reduction for agriculture does not work,” Sen. John Hoeven (R-N.D.) a member of the Agriculture Committee and chairman of the Appropriations agriculture subcommittee, said in a statement. “Given the challenging times in the farm patch — from low commodity prices to natural disasters — we need to prioritize and maintain our agriculture budget. While we support more funding for our military and defense, we must maintain support for our farmers and ranchers.”
House Agriculture Chairman Mike Conaway (R-Texas) also raised concerns about the cuts because of the current downturn in the agricultural economy. U.S. farmers and ranchers are struggling, he said, and Congress has to be careful not to exacerbate the problem. 
As a result of those concerns, farm state Republicans are quick to point out that the budget is merely a wish list from the president and that Congress will have final say in what 2018 funding looks like. 
“This is the White House’s vision document, and what we are going to do is propose ours, too,” Rep. Rodney Davis (R-Ill.) told reporters Thursday. “Budgets are documents that are not appropriations, they are not authorizations. ... I’m no more scared than I was when President Obama offered spending priorities that were not conducive to farmers.” 
The budget makes it clear that the Trump administration doesn’t understand how the government works in rural America, said House Agriculture ranking member Collin Peterson (D-Minn.), pointing to the cuts to the USDA’s water and wastewater loans as an example. While the administration called them duplicative, Peterson argued the financing is the only way small towns can update their water systems.
In Kentucky, for example, some communities are told at times that their water is not clean enough even to even wash cars. In other parts of the country, local water systems are overloaded with nitrates and other contaminants with little money or infrastructure to deal with the problem. 
“County offices are already understaffed, and further cuts would mean private organizations would be tasked with helping navigate farm programs,” Peterson added. “Again, it’s a general lack of understanding what really takes place in rural America.” 
Funds for agricultural data collection at the National Agricultural Statistics Service and Economic Research Service also are on the chopping block, along with the number of staff in offices across the country who deploy loans and grants to farmers and local projects.
"The president's first budget request misses the mark entirely when it comes to the needs of rural America," said Greg Fogel, policy director at the National Sustainable Agriculture Coalition, a group that represents small- and mid-size farm groups. "He is targeting these detrimental cuts right at the people who helped bring him to the White House — America's farmers, ranchers and rural communities.” 
In a statement, Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel said: "Budgets are a reflection of your priorities, and now we know exactly what this administration’s priorities are. They would cut after school programs, airport security, transit system improvements, affordable housing, education and community services across the board — including for pregnant women and new moms who need assistance. They would make deep cuts to economic development funds that benefit every city and town in the country. They would cut community services from meals on wheels to public health to workforce training. Instead of spending $4 billion on a wall that we don't need, the administration should be building bridges and roads across America."



ARTICLE
BOSTON — America’s big-city mayors blasted President Donald Trump’s proposed budget Thursday, lacing into the president over the impact it would have on federal funds vital for city budgets and services.
At a press conference in Boston’s City Hall where he was flanked by city officials and staffers four rows deep — all from departments affected by Trump’s proposed cuts, he said — Mayor Marty Walsh called the budget “irresponsible” and “an attack on our entire infrastructure of social services in our city.”
Story Continued Below
“A budget like this will bring pain. We cannot replace the much-needed revenue here, no city can,” Walsh told reporters. 
At his own news conference, New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio said the president’s proposed budget “consistently contradicts his campaign promises.”
"New York City stands to lose so much in this budget," de Blasio said. "And maybe if he remembers where he comes from, maybe if he heard the voices of New Yorkers, it would help him realize that he needs to take a different path if he actually wants us to be safe and wants us to succeed."
Since Trump’s election, the largely Democratic class of big-city mayors have vigorously resisted his policy agenda on issues ranging from immigration to health care to the environment. Many of them have no working relationships with Trump and his administration — and they have few direct options to attempt to salvage the funding. 
Asked whether he would concede any services to make the budget work, Walsh replied that it was not his job, saying any Republican congressman who sought to support the Trump budget would “have bigger concerns than voting for the president’s budget, like the midterm elections.”
Walsh, who will propose his own annual budget to the city council in the next two weeks, said he has no plans to pare back his proposal should Trump’s cuts go through, instead vowing to work with Massachusetts’ Democratic congressional delegation to fight and maintain funding.
While Walsh said he has not spoken with other big-city mayors around the country, he predicted similar situations in cities including New York, Los Angeles, Miami, and Seattle. “These impacts run deep, these programs we are talking about aren’t Boston-based programs, these are nationwide programs that have been created over time,” Walsh said.
San Francisco Mayor Edwin Lee had a similar reaction. “I am deeply troubled by the proposed budget released today,” he said in a statement. “We should not make budget decisions that harm poor, working and middle-class families.”
In San Jose Mayor Sam Liccardo’s view, Trump’s proposed cuts to the Federal Transit Administration’s ‘New Starts’ program runs counter to his stated commitment to transportation infrastructure investment.
“As a large-city mayor in the heart of Silicon Valley, however, I learned long ago not to depend on Washington, D.C. to make things happen-- we'll find a way to get critical projects built with or without their help.”
Carla Marinucci and David Siders contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
Speaker of the House Paul Ryan said Thursday he doesn’t pay attention to President Donald Trump’s tweets. 
“I'm not going to go out and sort justify and defend every tweet that’s out there,” Ryan said during an appearance on MSNBC. “Heck, there are 20 a day, for all I know. I actually don't pay that much attention to it.”
Story Continued Below
Ryan, continuing his attempt to sell the Republicans' health care bill to the American people, reiterated that he had not seen any evidence backing up Trump’s tweet accusing former president Barack Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower during the campaign. Earlier Thursday, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Trump stands by his claim and he expects Trump to be vindicated. 
The House speaker said he was focused on doing his job and working to “improve people’s lives.” 
“The president’s going to send a lot of stuff out there that may seem a little odd or strange or unique or tantalizing or interesting,” he said. “He has a way of communicating with people that's been really darn successful, and he's going to keep doing that, I think.”
Ryan also defended the Republicans' health care bill, which is facing strong opposition from Democrats and conservative Republicans. He said the bill is “the closest we will ever get to repealing and replacing Obamacare.” 



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump’s budget proposal got a rough reception Thursday on Capitol Hill.
“Not our starting point.” “Not something that will fly around here politically.” “Congress will do its own budget.”
Story Continued Below
And that’s just the Republicans.
In his first budget request to Congress, Trump has proposed adding $54 billion to the Pentagon and the departments of Homeland Security and Energy and cutting an equal amount in domestic funding. That dramatic shift in spending would mean slashing or terminating dozens of federal programs.
Democrats, as expected, blasted the 64-page proposal — known as a “skinny budget” — as radical and cruel, especially for its cuts to programs that support the poor.
Yet it’s clear that the Trump budget would gut programs favored by Republicans as well. And key GOP lawmakers in the House and Senate already are signaling they won’t move forward with Trump’s proposal.
Trump is about to find what other presidents have before him — lawmakers in both parties like to talk about cutting spending and reducing the deficit. But don’t cut their own pet program, or one that would cost them politically. That’s something that won’t do, no matter who is sitting in the Oval Office.
“I am very concerned that deep cuts to our diplomacy will hurt efforts to combat terrorism, distribute critical humanitarian aid, and promote opportunities for American workers,” said Rep. Ed Royce (R-Calif.), chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, of dramatic reductions in the State Department and foreign aid budgets. “Especially when the United States is fighting ISIS and millions are at risk of starvation around the world.”
Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.), who serves on both the Appropriations and Foreign Relations panels, also criticized the cuts to the State Department budget, although he backed other parts of Trump’s proposal.
“I do not support the proposed 28 percent cut to our international affairs budget and diplomatic efforts led by the State Department,” Rubio said in a statement. “These programs are integral to our national security, and cuts at these levels undermine America’s ability to keep our citizens safe.”
The politics of supporting the Trump budget plan, said one top House Republican, are so dangerous that “I don't think we'd get 50 votes for it.”
Rep. Hal Rogers, former chairman of the House Appropriations Committee and still a senior member of the panel, said he plans to make a personal pitch to the White House in support of a long list of programs that have “proved themselves worthy.”
The Kentucky Republican vowed to fight for agencies that help create jobs, such as the Appalachian Regional Commission and the Economic Development Association, as well as grants that focus on community development, all of which the White House has proposed eliminating. Rogers also pointed to infrastructure programs like Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery, or TIGER, grants and another initiative that benefits rural airports.
“Some of the things that a poor district like mine have come to depend upon, I’m obligated to fight for,” Rogers said. “Those are the areas that need help the most.”
Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney — who was a House member until a couple weeks ago — told reporters the White House was anticipating blowback within the GOP.
Yet Mulvaney said Trump and senior administration officials believe there will have to be painful discretionary spending cuts to shift government spending toward programs the White House feels are defensible and working as designed. Without such changes, he argued, Trump and Republicans will never be able to bring spending under control, especially if Trump refuses to touch entitlement programs, as he promised repeatedly during the campaign.
“I’ve been on the Hill long enough to know some of these will be very unpopular,” Mulvaney said Thursday when asked about program cuts.
“We’re always dealing with special interests from back home, we’re always dealing with lobbyists back home. The president is dealing with none of that,” Mulvaney added, in describing his own experience as a lawmaker. “He certainly didn’t focus on how these programs might impact a certain congressional district.”
Mulvaney then launched into lengthy criticism of after-school programs for children and Meals on Wheels service for the elderly and homebound. As OMB director, that might be a straightforward calculation. As a representative or senator, that's a vote that lawmakers are not going to want to take.
"I think the president's proposal is not our starting point," said Rep. Steve Stivers of Ohio, chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee, which is tasked with safeguarding the House majority. "A $54 billion trade from domestic to defense spending — and I consider myself a defense hawk — I think that some of the cuts are a little drastic in certain places."
"I've been here 22 years. I've seen a whole bunch of presidential budgets submitted," said Rep. Frank Lucas of Oklahoma. "It's still the House and Senate Budget committees that decide, and ultimately, it's the Appropriations Committee and whatever happens in the fall that decides."
Lucas added, "I respect the president for making tough choices. But I need my county [Farm Service Agency] offices, and I need to make sure we have the ability to feed ourselves and make sure nobody goes hungry."
For many Republicans, one of the most onerous cuts proposed by Trump was a $5.8 billion reduction to the National Institutes of Health, amounting to nearly one-fifth of the agency's budget. 
Republicans beginning with former Speaker Newt Gingrich had long championed NIH, and seeing Trump propose a dramatic decrease was a body blow to some GOP lawmakers. Just two years ago, more than 100 Republicans signed a letter urging an uptick in medical research funding, including House Freedom Caucus members like Dave Brat of Virginia. 
"When you're looking at a nearly $6 billion cut to the NIH, that one kind of stands out to me," said Rep. Steve Womack (R-Ark.), who sits on the Appropriations subcommittee that oversees NIH funding. "In that particular category, NIH has the potential — with a certain investment — to bend the cost curve on fighting many diseases. ... I think it's unwise to be taking those kinds of cuts in the NIH at this stage of the game."
Womack said Trump's plan would be "asking the Appropriations Committee to do some things that may not be politically possible in the framework that we have to work with."



ARTICLE
The controversy over President Donald Trump’s explosive claim that former President Barack Obama wiretapped his Trump Tower phones during the 2016 campaign appears to be spinning out of the White House’s control. 
 On Thursday, press secretary Sean Spicer further fanned the flames.
Story Continued Below
Shortly after the Senate Intelligence Committee issued a statement saying there is no evidence of Trump’s accusation — a rare rebuke and the second such comment in so many days — Spicer repeatedly refused to answer questions about the White House’s reaction during the daily news briefing. 
Instead, Spicer accused reporters of cherry-picking facts, and himself cherry-picked passages from a series of articles during a nearly eight-minute soliloquy and selectively highlighted comments from the Republican leaders who have cast doubt on Trump’s accusation.
“And I think the president's been very clear when he talked about this, and he talked about it last night. When he talked about wiretapping, he meant surveillance and that there have been incidents that have occurred,” Spicer said. “Devin Nunes couldn't have stated it more beautifully, but you choose not to cover that part. You chose not to cover when Tom Cotton went out, when Richard Burr went out, Chairman Nunes and others.”
Nunes and Burr are the Republican chairmen on the House and Senate intelligence committees, respectively, and Spicer was referring to their past assertions that they had not seen evidence of collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign. He suggested that reporters did not accept those assertions about a lack of evidence but were quick to accept the lack of evidence for Trump’s claims.
Yet while significant amounts of reporting from multiple outlets have raised the prospect that Trump associates communicated with Russians during the campaign, there is no such reporting to back up Trump’s central claim: that Obama ordered a wiretap of his phone. Spicer, however, sought to make the case Thursday that such reporting does exist.
Spicer quoted a number of reports that the Obama administration had requested a FISA warrant to investigate connections between Russia and Trump associates. He did not cite reports stating Obama had ordered a wiretap of Trump’s phone.
“He stands by it,” Spicer said of Trump’s accusation. He claimed reporters were “mischaracterizing” the senators’ statement Thursday.
The joint statement from Burr and Democratic Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia, the ranking member of the Senate Intelligence Committee said: “Based on the information available to us, we see no indications that Trump Tower was the subject of surveillance by any element of the United States government either before or after Election Day 2016.” 
Spicer and the White House have expressed increasing frustration over the news media’s continued questions about the accusation, but they have provided no evidence to clear up the confusion surrounding the president’s accusation — in turn leading to more questions.
But Spicer on Thursday did little to defuse the controversy or clear up confusion: He launched attacks on the press and delivered pugnacious answers — “That’s cute,” he told CNN’s Jim Acosta in response to one question, after earlier telling ABC’s Jonathan Karl to “calm down.” He declined to call on New York Times’ chief White House correspondent Peter Baker even when another reporter gave up her question so Baker could have a chance.
When a reporter noted that a number of the articles Spicer read from had anonymous sources — a practice the White House has slammed — Spicer again lashed out, accusing the media of a double standard.
When CNN’s Acosta raised that connections between Trump’s campaign and Russia had been “looked at,” Spicer again went on the offensive.
“How do you know all this? How do you seem to be such an expert in this?” Spicer asked. “How do you know it's been looked at? Hold on. I'm sorry. Can you tell me how you know that all of this has, quote, been looked at?” 
Spicer repeated time and again that the president had been “clear” in his accusation, eventually prompting a reporter to respond: “No he wasn’t.”
“Yes he was,” Spicer replied.
Spicer was emphatic that the president still stands by his allegation and that he believes the president will be vindicated.
“The bottom line is the president said last night that he will be providing, there would be additional information coming forward,” he said. “There is a ton of media reports out there that indicate that something was going on during the 2016 election.”
But he demurred on whether the president would apologize for his accusation if it was disproved.
Madeline Conway contributed to this report.



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
White House budget chief Mick Mulvaney on Thursday defended the Trump administration’s proposed deep cuts to social welfare programs such as Meals on Wheels and after-school services, saying it’s unfair to taxpayers if such programs don’t show hard results.
“Meals on Wheels sounds great,” Mulvaney said during the White House news briefing, adding that “we're not going to spend [money] on programs that cannot show that they actually deliver the promises that we’ve made to people.”
Story Continued Below
Mulvaney described the budget blueprint, which calls for dramatic cuts to domestic spending programs in favor of increased funding for the military, as “one of the most compassionate things we can do.”
He explained that the budget proposal is compassionate to the taxpayer because it stops government spending on programs that he said have been ineffective.
 “You're only focusing on half of the equation, right? You’re focusing on recipients of the money. We’re trying to focus on both the recipients of the money and the folks who give us the money in the first place,” Mulvaney told reporters. “And I think it's fairly compassionate to go to them and say, ‘Look, we're not going to ask you for your hard-earned money anymore … unless we can guarantee to you that that money is actually going to be used in a proper function. And I think that is about as compassionate as you can get.”
 On cuts to the Department of Housing and Urban Development, Mulvaney said the savings there would be funneled into Trump’s long-promised infrastructure spending package, which has yet to be fleshed out publicly. The system of building public housing through HUD “doesn’t work very well,” Mulvaney said, although he promised that “nobody's going to get kicked out of their houses.”
 Asked about Meals on Wheels, Mulvaney noted that the food delivery service is not a federal program but is funded by states using money from the federal government. 
 On after-school programs, Mulvaney said services intended to help feed hungry students in order to improve their academic performance deserve to be cut because proof of that progress has not materialized.
 “They're supposed to be educational programs, right? I mean, that’s what they’re supposed to do. They're supposed to help kids who don't get fed at home get fed so they do better in school,” Mulvaney said. “Guess what? There's no demonstrable evidence they're actually doing that. There's no demonstrable evidence they're actually helping results, helping kids do better in school… the way we justified it was, these programs are going to help these kids do better in school and get better jobs. And we can’t prove that that’s happening.”



ARTICLE
White House press secretary Sean Spicer accused the media of cherry-picking quotes from Republican lawmakers who are increasingly saying there is no evidence to back up President Donald Trump’s claim that Barack Obama wiretapped his phones.
Shortly after the Republican chairman and top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee issued a joint statement casting doubt on Trump’s claim, Spicer lashed out at reporters during the daily press briefing.
Story Continued Below
 Spicer said there had been “crickets” from the media in response to House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes’ statements saying the surveillance was possible. 
 “It's interesting to me that, you know, just as a point of interest that when one entity says one thing that claims one thing, you guys cover it ad nauseam, when Devin Nunes came out and said, ‘I think it's very possible,’ there was crickets. When Devin Nunes said there was no connection to Russia, there was crickets,” he said. 
 Nunes on Wednesday said it was “very possible” Obama’s administration could have surveilled Trump. However, he also said he didn’t think there was “an actual tap of Trump Tower” and if you take the tweets literally, “clearly the president was wrong.” 
During the briefing on Thursday, Spicer said the president still stands by his allegation and that he believes the president will be vindicated. 
“The bottom line is the president said last night that he will be providing, there would be additional information coming forward,” he said. “There is a ton of media reports out there that indicate that something was going on during the 2016 election.”
Despite Spicer's accusations, the statements from the House Intelligence Committee’s leaders were widely covered by the media, as have been official's denials of evidence of connections between the Trump campaign and Russia. 
For example, Spicer said Nunes’ statement that he had seen no evidence of a connection between Trump and Russia “got zero reporting.” But many outlets including the Washington Post, POLITICO, and CNN covered the story. 
Spicer sparred with ABC’s Jonathan Karl during the briefing, when Karl pushed Spicer to answer his question regarding how the White House responds to the intelligence committees in both the House and Senate saying they have seen no evidence of wiretapping. 
“I’m trying to answer your question, Jonathan, if you can calm down,” Spicer said. “Where was your passion, and where was you concern when they said there was no connection to Russia? Where was it then? Crickets from you guys.” 
The press secretary then read long passages from other media reports, including from the New York Times, Fox News, Heat Street and the National Review, describing the government’s investigations into the Trump campaign’s connection with Russia. Spicer cited the organizations’ reporting on a possible FISA warrant to examine the connection of a Trump campaign server and two Russian banks and the Times’ reporting on “phone records and intercepted calls."
However, none of the reporting Spicer cited confirmed Trump’s claim that Obama had “wire tapped” him. 
Spicer also faced off with CNN’s Jim Acosta, accidentally saying that Acosta “has zero intelligence” while meaning to say “zero intelligence clearance.” 
“Maybe both,” Spicer then joked.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump’s new budget proposal promises to lay the groundwork for his much-anticipated military buildup. But it is already being criticized as over-hyped.
Without more money and greater detail about how it will be spent, the plan falls far short of paying for what Trump promised during the campaign, according to lawmakers and military budget experts.
Story Continued Below
The blueprint proposes $639 billion in defense spending for fiscal 2018 — or $52 billion more than the current year, a 10 percent increase. But while it boasts that it “fully repeals" spending limits imposed in 2011, the plan includes ony a one-year increase — and one that is only a tad larger than what the Obama administration had laid out in its long-term spending plan. 
Nor does it detail how it would allow the administration to reach its lofty goals of a larger Navy and Army, close the gap on military readiness and reduce costs. 
“The big thing is what’s not here,” said Mark Cancian, a senior adviser with the Center for Strategic and International Studies. “The reason we don’t really know what his buildup looks like is we just have one year.”
On the campaign trail, Trump outlined a military with an active-duty Army of 540,000 troops, a 36-battalion Marine Corps, a Navy of 350 ships and an Air Force with an inventory of 1,200 fighters. The blueprint released Thursday does not detail how close its request would bring the military toward those numbers and doesn’t include future year projections on how the ramp-up will occur.
But despite the criticism over its size, the administration’s budget blueprint vows defense spending that will set the table "for a larger, more capable, and more lethal joint force, driven by a new National Defense Strategy that recognizes the need for American superiority not only on land, at sea, in the air and in space, but also in cyberspace."
"This increase alone exceeds the entire defense budget of most countries, and would be one of the largest one-year DOD increases in American history," argues the plan, which includes $603 billion in the so-called base budget and the rest for separate war costs.
Yet others assert the proposal doesn’t match the rhetoric. Among them are key congressional Republicans who will shape the debate on the size, shape and ultimate price tag of military forces. They argue that it is only 3 percent more than what had already been planned for fiscal 2018. 
“The fiscal year 2018 defense topline proposed today of $603 billion will not be sufficient to rebuild the military,” Senate Armed Services Chairman John McCain (R-Ariz.) said in a statement. “Such a budget does not represent a 10 percent increase as previously described by the White House, but amounts to a mere 3 percent over President Obama's defense plan, which has left our military underfunded, undersized and unready to meet the threats of today and tomorrow.”
"It is clear that this budget proposed today cannot pass the Senate," McCain added.
Rep. Mac Thornberry (R-Texas), chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, agreed that Trump’s request “is not enough.”
"It is clear to virtually everyone that we have cut our military too much and that it has suffered enormous damage. In fact, the more we investigate, the deeper the damage we find," Thornberry said in a statement. "Unfortunately, the Administration’s budget request is not enough to repair that damage and to rebuild the military as the President has discussed."
By historical standards, the boost is also not nearly the largest and barely cracks the top 10 biggest annual increases in the past 40 years, according to one expert.
Todd Harrison, a budget specialist at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said Trump’s budget would be the eighth largest increase since fiscal 1977 when adjusted for inflation, and not including the Pentagon’s separate war account. But a historically high defense budget makes that increase less staggering, he said.
“If they want to brag about how big the defense budget is, it’s not the increase they should be citing — it’s the total amount,” Harrison said. “The base budget proposed of $603 [billion] for national defense is higher than the peak of the Reagan buildup in FY85. It’s not that big of an increase to get to that level because the budget is already high by historical standards.”
But the plan clocks in at just a $19 billion — or 3 percent — increase over the Obama administration’s projection for next year’s budget, even as the Democratic administration sought to continue reductions in Army end strength, limit troop pay raises, extract savings from Tricare fees and base closures and pursued a smaller Navy buildup of 308 ships.
"In budgetary terms ... the Trump plans don't connect," Michael O'Hanlon, a fellow at the Brookings Institution, said Wednesday comparing Trump's plans for military force structure and proposed budget.
“This is an anemic total ... defense budget request; hardly consequential or enough to fund any sort of buildup,” said Mackenzie Eaglen, a defense analyst with the American Enterprise Institute.
Trump’s plan calls for $574 billion for the Pentagon’s base budget and $65 billion for a separate account to fund U.S. war operations for a total of $639 billion next year. When the Pentagon’s base budget is combined with national security functions outside the department, such as the Energy Department’s nuclear weapons activities, Trump’s request for base national defense spending is $603 billion.
In contrast, to fully deliver on his proposed force structure increases, Trump would have to increase his budget by approximately $80 billion above Obama’s, Cancian said.
Under this plan, “the Navy might get 308 ships, but it’s not getting 355,” he said.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump will finally sit down with members of the Congressional Black Caucus next week. But it won’t just be a “photo-op” to smooth over the group’s rocky relationship with the new White House, according to CBC Chairman Cedric Richmond.
All 49 members of the caucus are invited to attend the meeting, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Thursday, which is scheduled for Wednesday, March 22.
Story Continued Below
But Richmond said the caucus is still deciding who to send and plans on picking a small group of members to ensure they can maximize their face time with the president.
“It’s definitely going to be a smaller group because it’s going to be a substantive meeting,” he said. “It’s not a photo-op, it’s not a reception, it’s a policy meeting.” 
 Earlier in the day, the CBC confirmed that members would attend the meeting in a tweet, adding pointedly, "We will answer his campaign question to Black America: What do you have to lose?"
 During the campaign, Trump pitched African-American voters by saying, "What the hell do you have to lose?" It was a comment CBC members said was deeply offensive.
 Richmond said the White House reached out to the caucus for the confab after an awkward interaction between Trump and a black journalist, April Ryan, during a February press conference.
 Several members of the CBC blasted Trump after he suggested that Ryan could help set up a meeting with the caucus during the press conference. The group said it had asked for a meeting with Trump back in January but never heard from him.
 But next week’s face-to-face with the president could be difficult for several reasons, not just Trump’s past statements about African-Americans. 
 Richmond was forced to apologize for making a crude joke aimed at Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway at a dinner for congressional correspondents earlier this month. Richmond had referred to a photo of Conway kneeling on a couch in the Oval Office and then appeared to allude to Monica Lewinsky's affair with President Bill Clinton.
 Richmond said Thursday he hasn’t “given that any thought” to whether he’ll talk to Conway during the White House visit. 
 “I think she’s communications,” he added. “I don’t know why she would be in a black caucus meeting.”
After Trump met with leaders of Historically Black Colleges and Universities to honor Black History Month in February, some lawmakers panned the meeting — and Education Secretary Betsy DeVos' controversial comments about school choice at a time of segregation — as a meaningless photo-op.
 The CBC’s relationship with the president was contentious even before Trump took office. Leaders of the caucus declared from the beginning of his presidency that they would not sit back silently if Trump continued using the divisive, at times racially-charged, rhetoric he employed on the campaign trail.
 Since then, Richmond has publicly challenged Trump multiple times on his rhetoric and his policies. 
 The Louisiana Democrat led a CBC press conference in early January declaring full-throated opposition to Jeff Sessions’ nomination for attorney general. And caucus members said Trump’s claims of widespread voter fraud just distracted from the real issue — the continued disenfranchisement of black voters. 
 After declaring war on Sessions, Richmond ramped up the tension a week later by testifying during the former Alabama senator’s confirmation hearing. During the contentious hearing, Richmond criticized the order of witnesses; he said forcing him and Civil Rights icon John Lewis (D-Ga.) to testify last was “equivalent to being made to go to the back of the bus.”
 The CBC leader then sent a four-page letter to Trump shortly before his inauguration declaring the incoming president’s rhetoric toward black Americans “offensive” and “unproductive.” 
 CBC members acknowledge that while they will never be as cozy with Trump as they were with Obama, the first black president, they hope to at least establish a comfortable working relationship with the White House. 
 Rep. Elijah Cummings (D-Md.), a CBC member, recently met with Trump to discuss curbing prescription drug prices and delivered a letter to the president about the problem of voter disenfranchisement. 
 “I think the meeting with Elijah Cummings, he said that he did have a good meeting,” said Rep. Gregory Meeks (D-N.Y.). “I think there’s been some [Trump] meetings with others that have not been of substance.”



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump’s ambassador to the United Nations, Nikki Haley, defended the administration’s new travel ban in an interview that aired Thursday, asserting that “it’s not a Muslim ban” and that she would “never support a Muslim ban.”
The executive order, blocked in the courts on Wednesday night hours before it was scheduled to go into effect, would bar people from six Muslim-majority countries from traveling to the U.S. for 90 days and temporarily halt the influx of all refugees into the country. 
Story Continued Below
Legal challenges to the executive order, which Trump signed more than a week ago after the first version prompted protests nationwide and chaos at airports, argue that it represents an unconstitutional attempt to target Muslims. 
As the administration has, Haley denied this in an interview with Matt Lauer on NBC's "Today" show.
“It's not a Muslim ban. I will never support a Muslim ban. I don't think we should ever ban anyone based on their religion,” Haley said. “That is un-American. It is not good. What the president is doing, everybody needs to realize that what he's doing is saying, ‘Let's take a step back. Let's temporarily pause.’”
Opponents of the measure have cited Trump’s campaign pledge to ban Muslims from the U.S. and statements from some of his aides as evidence to support their arguments. But the Trump administration insists that the travel ban is about combating terrorism, not religious discrimination.



ARTICLE
If President Donald Trump has his way, the federal government will stop paying for programs to prevent homelessness, boost the struggling economy of Appalachia and investigate disasters like the 2013 explosion at a Texas fertilizer plant that killed 12 people.
Trump's first budget proposal would wipe out funding for programs that support public radio and television stations and helped create the National Vietnam Veterans' Memorial, as well as those that train nurses, help low-income families manage their energy bills, provide grants to vulnerable urban communities and aid poor countries struggling with the effects of global warming. 
Story Continued Below
 Trump's 62-page budget blueprint, released to the public on Thursday, would zero out funding for dozens of programs big and small, collectively saving taxpayers billions of dollars but setting up a major clash with members of Congress.
But the proposed cuts could anger voters in states that helped Trump win the election. Eliminating funding for restoring the Great Lakes likely won't go over well in Michigan. And cutting off federal money to the Appalachian Regional Commission, which assists communities in the eastern United States, might upset people in West Virginia, which has been a focal point of Trump's promise to rebuild rural America. 
In a message to Congress included in the budget proposal, Trump calls his cuts "sensible and rational."
"Every agency and department will be driven to achieve greater efficiency and to eliminate wasteful spending in carrying out their honorable service to the American people," he wrote.
The budget proposal would kill more than 50 programs at the EPA alone, saving $347 million, according to the document.
 The blueprint would ax funding for efforts to protect the Great Lakes and the Chesapeake Bay. It would discontinue funding for much of the agency's work on climate change, including former President Barack Obama's regulations to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from power plants, and climate research and international global warming programs.
Trump's plan also calls for eliminating funding for the Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy, an Energy Department program that promotes high-risk, high-reward technology. The program, which is modeled on a similar program at the Defense Department that is credited with spawning the internet, is a favorite of many lawmakers in Congress. 
In addition, Trump's proposal takes the first steps toward shifting air traffic control away from the Federal Aviation Administration and to an "an independent, non-governmental organization," a proposal favored by most major U.S. airlines. 
 The budget plan closely mirrors recommendations released by the conservative Heritage Foundation in February. The Heritage plan similarly called for killing dozens of programs that it labeled as inefficient and wasteful. The word "eliminate" appears 230 times in the Heritage plan.
Heritage is an influential force in the Trump administration, especially when it comes to the budget. Heritage officials — including the group's president, former South Carolina Sen. Jim DeMint — have briefed Trump and his advisers on its proposals, and dozens of the think tanks staffers served on the presidential transition team and in the administration. Former Heritage staffer Paul Winfree is now the director of budget policy at the White House. 
Here's a list of some agencies facing funding elimination:
 African Development Foundation Appalachian Regional Commission Chemical Safety Board Corporation for National and Community Service Corporation for Public Broadcasting Delta Regional Authority Denali Commission Institute of Museum and Library Services Inter-American Foundation U.S. Trade and Development Agency Legal Services Corporation National Endowment for the Arts National Endowment for the Humanities Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation Northern Border Regional Commission Overseas Private Investment Corporation United States Institute of Peace United States Interagency Council on Homelessness  Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars



ARTICLE
Immigration, corporate taxes and the fate of the European Union will be the main policy topics when President Donald Trump meets Thursday at the White House with the Irish prime minister. 
But there's one Irish concern Trump shouldn't bring up at the St. Patrick’s Day summit: Construction at one of the president’s prized golf courses. 
Story Continued Below
Trump’s company has been mired for several years in a dispute with local officials in Ireland over plans for a sea wall to protect the eroding sand dunes that abut his 18-hole golf course and hotel in Doonbeg, on Ireland’s west coast.
Last month, Trump’s development company proposed a scaled-down version of the wall after being forced to scrap its original plans for a 2-mile long barrier because of potential damage to habitat for an endangered snail. It has until the end of August to produce more information before county officials make their next decision. 
Trump has removed himself from the operations of his companies, handing control over to his sons Donald Jr. and Eric since taking office. Because he's not subject to standard conflict-of-interest laws, there's nothing to prevent Trump from bringing the issue up during his meeting with Enda Kenny, formally known as the Irish Taoiseach, except concern about the appearance of impropriety. 
“There is little that Enda can do about the planning process,” said David Flynn, co-chair of a local surfing club in Doonbeg that’s opposed to the sea barrier. “To be seen to influence it would be highly criticized back here.” 
Yet, even though he’d be raising ethical flags by doing it, it wouldn’t be out of character for Trump to discuss Doonbeg. 
Since winning the election, Trump has repeatedly raised his experiences with the Doonbeg resort as a launching pad to bash the European Union. “I had a very bad experience,” Trump told reporters in January during his first press conference as president. “I had something when I was in my other world, I have something in another country and getting the approvals from Europe was very, very tough. Getting the approvals from the country was fast, easy and efficient. Getting the approvals from the group – I call them the consortium – was very, very tough.”
Trump also mentioned the Doonbeg dispute in an interview with British and German journalists who were asking about the future of the E.U. a few days before his inauguration. 
“I own a big property in Ireland, magnificent property called Doonbeg, what happened is I went for an approval to do this massive, beautiful expansion — that was when I was a developer, now I couldn’t care less about it — but I learned a lot because I got the approvals very quickly from Ireland and then Ireland and my people went to the EU to get the approval — it was going to take years — that was a very bad thing for Ireland,” the then-president elect explained.
He added that the E.U was “using environmental tricks to stop a project from being built.” But Trump’s complaints aren’t with Brussels, which never had a say in the project even though one of the principle objections centered around the beach being a sanctuary for the endangered whorl snail. Ireland, meantime, dismissed a petition to get involved in the case, leaving the matter to the local government. 
That history has left many flummoxed as to why Trump keeps bringing up Doonbeg—which coincidentally is where Vice President Mike Pence’s great-grandmother is from—when talking about the E.U., even as they brace for its return to the international stage when the president hosts Ireland’s Prime Minister Enda Kenny. 
“It would be a bizarre way to run EU related policy,” added Peter O’Connell, a reporter at the local newspaper, the Clare Champion. “If President Trump again raises planning issues at Doonbeg as a reason for his skepticism towards the E.U., I feel that reflects badly on him rather than on Doonbeg.” 
Yet, O’Connell noted, “the added publicity for Doonbeg and the greater west Clare region could be beneficial.”
Trump has given many of his other business properties attention too – and in the process drawn criticism that he’s mixing his presidency with his private affairs. On Saturday, the president hosted parts of his Cabinet at his Northern Virginia country club for a policy meeting. He’s made four weekend trips since the inauguration to his private Mar-a-Lago club in South Florida, with short side jaunts to play golf at his courses in West Palm Beach and Jupiter. 
He also made references to his Turnberry golf course in Scotland during his remarks welcoming British Prime Minister Theresa May to the White House. And he reportedly brought up his opposition to wind farms marring the views of his other Scottish golf course during a November meeting with British politician Nigel Farage.
Trump bought the Doonbeg course in 2014 for $15 million. In an interview in December with the Independent, a Dublin-based newspaper, Eric Trump predicted 2017 would be “our banner year” after the company spent more than $25 million for upgrades on the facility and despite suffering through $2.6 million in annual pre-tax losses last year. 
The Irish say they don't expect the Doonbeg issue to come up on Thursday. “As I understand it, the sea wall at the Doonbeg golf resort is not on the agenda for the bilateral meeting between Taoiseach Enda Kenny and President Trump,” said Siobhán Miley, a spokeswoman at the Irish embassy in Washington. 
Thomas Wright, a fellow and director of the Brookings Institution’s Project on International Order and Strategy, said he hoped White House advisers had urged Trump to stay away from his personal experiences on the golf course. “It’ll be counterproductive,” Wright said. “Ireland is a democratic country with a rule of law. It’s not something any leader could give him, even if they wanted to. There’s due process for these things.”



ARTICLE
The Trump administration proposes to kick-start construction of a border wall with $4.1 billion in spending through 2018, an official said Wednesday.
Mick Mulvaney, director of the White House Office of Management and Budget, said the president would request $1.5 billion in a supplemental spending bill and $2.6 billion in his fiscal year 2018 budget. The combined $4.1 billion in spending is considerably greater than previous estimates on a down payment for the wall, but well short of its estimated total cost of $22 billion.
Story Continued Below
The proposed budget line items would be part of a broader push to secure the border in what Mulvaney called an "America First" budget.
“We wrote it using the president’s own words,” he said during a call with reporters. “We went through his speeches, we went through articles that have been written about his policies ... and we turned those policies into numbers.”
Overall, the supplemental will ask for $30 billion for defense and border security. The president’s proposed budget also would increase Department of Homeland Security funding by 6 percent, Mulvaney said.
If approved by Congress, the $4.1 billion in border wall funding would represent a substantial investment in security. The figure is more than 10 times what President Barack Obama requested for the acquisition and maintenance of technology and tactical infrastructure along U.S. borders in the current fiscal year.
The border spending may trigger a standoff with Democrats. Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said this week that border wall funding would be a “poison pill” that could lead to a government shutdown. "We believe it would be inappropriate to insist on the inclusion of such funding in a must-pass appropriations bill,” Schumer wrote in a letter to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. 
Some Republicans have voiced opposition as well. "Billions of dollars on a wall is not the right way to proceed," Colorado Sen. Cory Gardner, who chairs the National Republican Senatorial Committee, was heard telling constituents last week in an audio obtained by POLITICO. "We shouldn't just build a wall and add billions of dollars because that's what somebody said should be done." Republican Sen. James Lankford of Oklahoma told POLITICO, "we can't pay for it out of thin air."
Even if Democratic and Republican opponents do agree to steer money toward the wall, it’s unclear how far the funds would go. An internal DHS report reviewed by Reuters found the wall could cost an estimated $21.6 billion. 
OMB’s Mulvaney said Wednesday that the $1.5 billion would fund “pilot cases” where DHS could test several types of border wall in different areas.
“The next question is going to be, ‘How many miles of wall does that build, right?’” Mulvaney said. “We don’t know the answer to that question because we haven’t settled on construction types, we haven’t settled on where we’re going to start.”
U.S. Customs and Border Protection suggested this week that it could solicit proposals on two types of border wall designs in the near future, according to a post on a federal contracting website. 
CBP initially said it planned to procure “concrete wall structures, nominally 30 feet tall, that will meet requirements for aesthetics, anti-climbing, and resistance to tampering or damage.” On Tuesday, it opened the door to the possibility of non-concrete proposals that would feature “other designs.”
In order to free up funds for the wall, the administration cut from other budget areas, Mulvaney said. The president’s fiscal year 2018 budget would slash State Department funding by 28 percent, the OMB director said. 
Despite Trump's repeated campaign promises, the administration does not expect Mexico to pay for the wall. "It’s coming out of the treasury,” Mulvaney said.



ARTICLE
The “deconstruction of the administrative state” now comes with line items. 
President Donald Trump released his blueprint for reshaping the American government on Thursday, a budget plan that slashes deeply into the State Department, redirects funds toward the military, guts environmental and housing programs — and continues to run a nearly half-trillion-dollar deficit. 
Story Continued Below
Every dollar of proposed cutbacks to domestic, diplomatic and international aid programs that Trump makes in the spending plan will go to boost defense and law enforcement funding.
“There’s no question this is a hard-power budget,” said Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney. “It is not a soft-power budget.”
The document, posted online at 7 a.m. Thursday, represents the most concrete translation of Trump’s nationalistic and populist rhetoric on the campaign trail into dollars and cents.
Mulvaney said his team literally pored over Trump’s speeches to prepare the plan. “We wrote it using the president’s own words,” he said. “We turned those policies into numbers.”
Those numbers are stark, particularly for the State Department. Mulvaney said it would be cut by 28 percent — “a fairly dramatic reduction,” he said — but still smaller than the initial 37 percent gutting floated in February. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has pushed for more time to assess where to make such severe cuts. 
Some domestic programs, such as the National Endowment for the Arts, the United States Institute of Peace, the Chemical Safety Board, and the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, which supports PBS and NPR, are on the chopping block for elimination entirely. Trump is pushing numerous such cuts, long sought by conservative Republicans, in the spending plan, while allocating “more money for things like private and public school choice,” Mulvaney said.
The budget would severely curtail climate change initiatives, including eliminating $250 million for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and the Global Climate Change Initiative.
As proposed, the Trump budget almost certainly will not pass Congress. Too many lawmakers, including many Republicans, have declared it dead on arrival. But the document nonetheless represents a crucial road map for a president who is new to government, and who has at least a full term to pursue his goals. It is the clearest practical expression yet of what Trump’s chief strategist Steve Bannon described as the “deconstruction of the administrative state” last month and his agenda of “economic nationalism.”
“This budget is the first step toward what will be, three or four years from now, a dramatically different federal government,” said Newt Gingrich, an informal Trump adviser and former House speaker who understands the power of even a small shift in the $4 trillion federal budget. 
“We have never had anybody like him,” he added. “He’s one-third Andrew Jackson for disruption, one-third Theodore Roosevelt for energy, one third P.T. Barnum for salesmanship. If you weave those together you understand what Trump is.”
In a 30-minute budget briefing on Wednesday, Mulvaney, a conservative former congressman from South Carolina, notably did not use the words “conservative” or “Republican” in describing the plan. Trump eschewed Republican orthodoxy when he promised not to cut back Social Security and Medicare during the campaign — two entitlement programs that most Republicans say must be curtailed in order to balance the budget — and his first fiscal plan outline leaves them untouched.
The spending plan does seek to shrink numerous federal programs. The package would lead to mass layoffs at the Environmental Protection Agency, eliminating more than 50 programs at the agency as part of a steep 31 percent cut. The Department of Labor would be slashed by 21 percent and the overall budget of the Department of Health and Human Services cut by nearly 18 percent. The reduction to the National Institutes of Health would be even deeper.
The White House proudly circulated a story that said it was seeking a “historic contraction of the federal workforce.”
“There's a lot of programs that simply cannot justify their existence, and that's where we zeroed in,” Mulvaney said, referring specifically to the Department of Housing and Urban Development, where the $3 billion Community Development Block Grant program, which funds anti-poverty programs nationwide, would be eliminated.
The Department of the Interior’s budget would shrink by 12 percent, HUD’s budget by 13.2 percent and the Department of Education's budget by 13 percent. The Department of Agriculture would face steep cuts too, of 21 percent.
Rep. Chris Collins (R-N.Y.), a top Trump ally on Capitol Hill, said the president was gutting “agencies we think have gone rogue” and “the massive government bureaucracy that never seems to shrink.”
In addition to the budget, Trump has taken other steps to curb the reach of the federal government, including issuing an executive order that for every future executive order that is issued, two must be rescinded. And next week, confirmation hearings will begin for Trump’s nominee for the Supreme Court, Judge Neil Gorsuch, one of whose best-known opinions is about taking away rulemaking authority from the executive branch.
The Trump budget allocates $54 billion more to defense and law enforcement programs than Congress approved this year, a roughly 10 percent increase, while cutting foreign aid as part of a reorientation that Trump has termed “America First.” Trump also asks for a $30 billion supplemental payment for national security and the border in the current year. Mulvaney said funding for the Department of Homeland Security would grow by approximately 6 percent.
Funding for the United Nations would be reduced as the United States would pledge not to pay for more than 25 percent of the costs of peacekeeping internationally. Funding for the World Bank would be pared back by $650 million, as well.
The budget also calls for American tax dollars to fund the construction of a wall along the southern border — despite Trump’s repeated campaign claims that Mexico would pay.
“It’s coming out of the Treasury,” Mulvaney said of a $1.5 billion request in the current year.
The document released Thursday is known as the “skinny budget” and represents only the toplines for departments and agencies. A full budget, including economic and tax projections, will come in May, with the goal for Congress to adopt a plan before the new fiscal year begins at the end of September.



ARTICLE
It was a rare moment of vulnerability: President Donald Trump, onstage in front of an adoring Nashville crowd, admitted Wednesday night that the latest restraining order blocking his travel ban was a major political setback.
"The ruling makes us look weak,” Trump said, while the packed arena loudly booed the Hawaii federal judge who halted, nationwide, the president’s ban on refugees from some majority-Muslim countries, hours before it was set to go into effect.
Story Continued Below
The moment was somewhat fraught for Trump — a return to the campaign trail that energizes him, but this time with a key campaign promise hitting its second major legal roadblock in under two months, and another promise, repealing and replacing the Affordable Care Act, facing an intra-party siege.
“By the way, we no longer are [weak],” Trump continued, appearing visibly angry as he delivered his remarks. “Believe me.”
Trump made a delayed appearance inside the packed Municipal Auditorium, where local speakers, country singers and bands warmed up the waiting crowd for about two hours. His remarks were written last minute, White House sources said. And backstage, White House officials traveling with him tried to cheer the president up by showing him remarks that Harvard University Law professor Alan Dershowitz made on Greta Van Susteren’s MSNBC show, arguing that the Supreme Court would never uphold the court’s ruling.
Once on stage, Trump vowed to keep up the fight and noted that Dershowitz said he could win. “We’re going to take our case as far as it needs to go, including all the way up to the Supreme Court,” he said, repeatedly trashing the Ninth Circuit, calling the decision an example of “unprecedented judicial overreach.”
"You don't think this was done by a judge for political reasons?" he said, sarcastically. "No?"
Trump called the ban a "watered down version of our first one," and noted that he preferred the original version, which did not exempt green card and visa holders from the ban. And even as the administration continued to argue in legal briefs that the executive order was not about Muslims, Trump on stage brought up "radical Islamic terrorists."
His tough-guy remarks were heartening to some activists fighting the ban. "He should just continue talking, because he's making our arguments for us," said Marielena Hincapie, executive director of the National Immigration Law Center.
But behind the scenes, his aides were scrambling to spin a legal setback that comes in the midst of a major legislative fight on health care. On that front, the White House is trying to score a major legislative win it desperately needs, but it is selling another initiative that in reality is falling short of a campaign promise. On the trail last year, Trump vowed that no American would lose coverage under the plans to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act -- but the Congressional Budget Office earlier this week estimated that 24 million Americans would be left uninsured under the new plan.
On Wednesday, the health care law received scant attention, and Trump's heart didn't seem to be in it when he spoke.
Wednesday night’s ruling could also impact the Supreme Court confirmation process for Judge Neil Gorsuch — one of the most smooth-sailing initiatives launched by the administration — because Democrats may now have a greater incentive to stall his appointment.
“He can’t change it again,” Dershowitz said in an interview. “That would be embarrassing. He’s going to seek an expedited appeal from the Ninth Circuit, and the Democrats will try to slow down the Gorsuch nomination so he won’t be there in time to break a four-four tie.”
The Hawaii judge’s ruling was the second legal action to stop Trump’s travel ban hours before it was set to go into effect. Last month, a federal court in Seattle stopped an earlier version of the executive order, prompting Trump to tweet defiantly: “SEE YOU IN COURT.” This time, he reacted in person, from the stage, rather than on Twitter.
Thursday morning, Rep. Adam Schiff (D-Calif.), the ranking member on the House Intelligence Committee, said that Trump's complaint that legal hurdles for his travel ban make the nation look weak were misguided. Instead, Schiff said, "the real issue here is, that he is upset is that it makes him look weak."
"It makes the administration look less than competent," the California congressman said in an interview on CNN's "New Day." "This is why I think, again, he's lashing out at federal judges that now, too, have issued the same decision. But I think that's at the heart of his upset about this."
Internally, senior White House officials were comparing the setback to the early legal barriers that President Barack Obama encountered in trying to implement the Affordable Care Act.
He’s confident he will prevail on the merits,” the senior White House official said, noting that Obama plodded forward — and eventually won — every time he received a negative legal opinion. Trump’s argument, the official said, would be similar: pointing out that one judge represented one court, while he was trying to pass a law for the nation.
Blocking the ban was also seen as a come-uppance for some of Trump’s own advisers, who tried to defend the new version of the ban in media appearances.
In his ruling, U.S. District Court Judge Derrick Watson quoted a Fox News appearance from senior policy adviser Stephen Miller, who argued that “fundamentally, you’re still going to have the same basic policy outcome for the country” even after the rewrite. The judge said the new executive order was similar in intent to the first one — and that it targeted Muslims.
“These plainly-worded statements, made in the months leading up to and contemporaneous with the signing of the Executive Order, and, in many cases, made by the Executive himself, betray the Executive Order’s stated secular purpose,” the ruling said.
Dawsey reported from Nashville. Additional reporting by Shane Goldmacher, Nahal Toosi and Louis Nelson. 



ARTICLE
When President Donald Trump boarded Air Force One on Wednesday morning to travel to Michigan and Tennessee, he didn’t wing it alone: His entire senior West Wing staff traveled with him. 
Accompanying the president out of town on his daylong tour were senior adviser Jared Kushner, strategist Steve Bannon, chief of staff Reince Priebus, counselor Kellyanne Conway, senior aide Hope Hicks, press secretary Sean Spicer and policy adviser Stephen Miller. 
Story Continued Below
It’s a dynamic that’s been in place since Trump took office — wherever the president goes, the gang’s always all there with him. 
The White House touts Trump’s close relationship with his aides as evidence of his inclusive governing style. “This administration often takes an all hands-on-deck approach for major initiatives,” a spokeswoman said. 
But the constant presence of Trump’s senior aides also reflects their desire not to lose their standing in Trump’s complicated orbit — or to let others in. 
At a closed-press meeting in the Oval Office last week with conservative groups airing grievances against Speaker Paul Ryan’s health care bill, many attendees were surprised that Trump and budget director Mick Mulvaney brought an entourage. 
Conway, Priebus and Kushner all stood behind a semi-circle of activists and the president at the Resolute Desk, while Bannon paced silently in the back of the room, according to two people who attended the meeting. They all said little. 
“I was struck by that,” said one of the attendees. “Normally, when you have a meeting at the White House, you’d meet with one guy.” 
The large number of senior officials present, at all times, is a major contrast with past administrations — and it speaks to the defensive crouch that has become necessary for top aides in a White House defined by rival factions and power centers. 
“I'm sure there were some meetings where multiple senior staff were in attendance but we didn't have the kind of competing centers of power there seem to exist in this White House,” said David Axelrod, a former top adviser to President Barack Obama. “When I was there, the chief of staff, Rahm [Emanuel], ran the show and even those of us who had an independent relationship with the president understood that. Rahm would decide who attended meetings based on our functions.” 
In Trump’s White House, however, many of his top aides have overlapping interests and roles. And because the president doesn’t like to read policy papers or use the Internet, he is more focused on advice and information delivered to him verbally — putting even greater importance on proximity. 
People familiar with Trump’s management style interpreted the regular presence of top aides in all meetings as a self-preservation strategy. 
“He likes to ask other aides what they think about each other,” said a former campaign aide. “If you’re not with him, he might be listening to someone else tell him how you’re wrong. You might be the topic of conversation, and it might not be good for you.” 
One Republican strategist with close ties to the White House said: “Everybody's terrified of being undercut.” 
Staffers’ habit of staying close to the center of gravity that is Trump started early. On Jan. 24, Trump signed an executive order advancing construction of the Keystone XL pipeline surrounded by top aides squeezed together to fit in the photo-op: Conway standing behind him, next to Hicks, Kushner, Bannon and Priebus. 
Four days later, when Trump called Russian President Vladimir Putin, a large group of aides assembled in front of the Resolute Desk: Vice President Mike Pence, then-national security adviser Michael Flynn, Spicer, Priebus and Bannon. 
For Trump’s first meeting with congressional leaders at the White House, the three top lieutenants of the administration — Reince, Bannon and Kushner — were all at the table. 
In this West Wing, according to one senior administration official, aides eye the president’s schedule to make sure they attend any public meetings. Aides sometimes attend meetings — or jump on phone calls — where they have little to add or little interest in the issue at hand. Priebus has tried to cut down on the size of meetings and has struggled to control access to the president, as chiefs of staff usually do, advisers and aides say. 
When Trump assembled his “early endorsers,” including Rep. Chris Collins (R-N.Y.) and about 10 other loyalists, for a reunion at the White House a few weeks back, Pence and Trump stayed through the hourlong meeting, while all the usual suspects floated in and out. 
“Jared was there, Kellyanne came and went, Bannon came and went, Priebus came and went,” recalled Collins, who added that the meeting was more of a reunion to “get our old team together, since we hadn’t been together since the campaign,” than a policy confab. 
His supporters say it’s healthy for Trump to surround himself with advisers. "You don't want someone that's sitting alone, making a decision," Collins said, describing Trump as the type of decision-maker who finds his own position in the gray area between the opposing viewpoints of top aides. 
But former campaign aides said it wasn’t always like this. During the 2016 campaign, for instance, they remember Conway, who had the title of campaign manager, spending most of her time working in her office on the 17th floor, nine floors below Trump’s office. 
Physical proximity, however, was always used as a carrot: Trump would signal his displeasure by pulling aides off his private plane, or telling them they were not invited to attend a meeting. 
That’s continued into the White House: Two weeks ago, amid a firestorm surrounding the decision of Attorney General Jeff Sessions to recuse himself from investigations into Russian attempts to sway the presidential election in Trump’s favor, Trump left Priebus and Bannon in Washington instead of taking them to Florida for the weekend with the rest of the senior staff as planned. Aides said it was a mutual decision the two would stay behind and work, though Bannon flew commercial to Florida the next day. 
The emergence of competing White House factions has created a greater atmosphere of distrust and need for self-preservation. “You want to make sure you know what the marching orders are,” one former aide said. “You’re not going to rely on the other side to fill you in. There’s now more of a necessity to get directives from the president.” 
Priebus has been aware of the dynamic since making the jump to Trump’s staff from the Republican National Committee. He told staffers at the RNC that his play as chief of staff would be to physically attach himself to the president at all times. It was part of his reason for insisting on having his deputy, Katie Walsh, installed at the White House, along with him. 
The need to be in Trump’s presence has also frustrated people outside the administration who need a contact inside. “I can book a meeting with Reince, Jared and Bannon,” vented one consultant who has had business in the White House, “and only one of them will show up because everyone is chasing a meeting with the president.”



ARTICLE
Wednesday was a whirlwind day for lawmakers investigating Russia’s meddling in the 2016 presidential election.
 FBI Director James Comey briefed the leaders of the Senate Judiciary Committee. The heads of the House Intelligence Committee announced that Comey had agreed to testify publicly before their panel. And Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) held a hearing in which he pleaded with the FBI to stop stonewalling Congress.
Story Continued Below
 Here are five things we learned:
 1. Lawmakers are zeroing in on two questions
 Congress is determined to get answers from the Justice Department on two major unanswered questions — and they’re making clear they’re willing to play hardball if they don’t hear something soon.
 First, lawmakers in both chambers are demanding the FBI clear up President Donald Trump’s claim that former President Barack Obama wiretapped Trump Tower in the run-up to the election. Both the House Intelligence Committee and Graham’s Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism have asked the Justice Department to turn over any evidence for Trump’s allegations, including warrant applications or court orders.
 And both panels are using their leverage to ensure they get what they want, raising the prospect of issuing subpoenas.
 The House panel has given the Justice Department until Monday to answer its questions “and may resort to a compulsory process if our questions continue to go unanswered,” according to spokesman Jack Langer. Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa), meanwhile, has said he will not hold a committee vote on Trump's nominee for deputy attorney general until he gets more information from the FBI.
 The other big question for lawmakers is whether the FBI is conducting any criminal investigations into Trump campaign aides for potential collusion with Russia.
 Graham said at the top of his subcommittee hearing Wednesday that the FBI still had not responded to his questions on this issue, and that he thought the public deserved unclassified answers.
 “We gave the director until today to answer the question,” Graham said. “I still don’t have answers to those questions.”
2. Comey can’t keep dodging forever
 The FBI director has so far avoided publicly commenting on the possibility of criminal investigations into Trump associates or on Trump’s wiretapping claims, despite reports that he wanted the Justice Department to issue a disavowal of Trump’s jaw-dropping tweets.
 But Comey’s moment is coming.
 House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes (R-Calif.) and ranking Democrat Adam Schiff of California announced at their news conference that Comey would appear before their panel at a public hearing next Monday.
 This will make for great TV, as Comey is almost certain to be goaded by Democrats into denouncing Trump’s claim. One way or the other, he is almost certain to anger either the president or key members of Congress.
3. Trump doesn’t appear to have the goods on wiretapping
 Key Republicans on Capitol Hill are signaling that the evidence just isn’t there to back up Trump’s wiretapping claims.
 Nunes, who was a staunch Trump ally during the presidential campaign, told reporters Wednesday, “I don't think there was an actual tap of Trump Tower.”
 “Are you going to take the tweets literally?” added Nunes, who was briefed by Comey behind closed doors last week. “If you are, then clearly the president was wrong.”
Even the White House has backed off a bit, with press secretary Sean Spicer saying earlier this week that Trump “doesn’t really think” that Obama “tapped his phone personally.”
 With both the House and the Senate demanding information on Trump’s claims, it appears the president might soon have to face the possibility of his own executive branch providing documents to Congress that prove him wrong.
4. Incidental collection is key
 While Nunes cast doubt on Trump’s wiretapping claim, he made clear he is concerned that Trump aides could have been under inadvertent surveillance.
 This is called incidental collection, and it can occur when people in the United States communicate with a foreign target of U.S. surveillance — or even when they chat about an overseas suspect. The identities of Americans whose communications are inadvertently collected are normally kept secret, though they can be “unmasked” under certain circumstances for foreign intelligence purposes.
 Nunes said Wednesday he is worried this unmaking process has been abused, citing news media reports that former national security adviser Michael Flynn had pre-inauguration phone conversations with Russia’s ambassador.
 “I am quite confident that it is illegal to leak [Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act] collected names of Americans,” Nunes said, calling this one of the only crimes that he actually has evidence of so far. “It's also illegal to leak any additional classified information.”
 He and Schiff sent a letter Wednesday to the intelligence community asking that it turn over any details about possible incidental collection on anyone associated with the Trump or Hillary Clinton campaigns.
5. Access is still an issue
 Nunes signaled last week his committee had reached an agreement with the intelligence community over which types of information would be turned over to Congress and which types of information could only be viewed if lawmakers trekked out to secure facilities at the agencies.
 But the congressman indicated Wednesday his access issues were not over, singling out the Office of the Director of National Intelligence.
 “We are a little uncomfortable with the ODNI and whether or not they’re going to let us have the proper computer technology that we need to go through the evidence that exists out at the CIA, out at Langley,” he said. “We are trying to work through that, but I can tell you that it has become a bit of a stumbling block for our investigators to actually be able to compile and cull through the information.”
 Democrats on the Senate Intelligence Committee have also complained about access to information from the intelligence agencies as part of their investigation.
Cory Bennett and Martin Matishak contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
NEW YORK — Janet Yellen is looking to hide the punch bowl from President Donald Trump.
The Federal Reserve chair on Wednesday announced the central bank would hike interest rates a quarter point for only the third time in a decade. The move was the first of what could be three or four increases this year that the Fed hopes will keep a lid on inflation and potentially slow down the kind of economic growth Trump promised to deliver during his populist romp to the White House.
Story Continued Below
The emerging tension between the Yellen and Trump world views will test a decades-old principle that has guided central bankers: The Fed’s job, as longtime chair William McChesney Martin once said, was to take the punch bowl away just as the party was getting started.
“We now have the potential for very strong tensions between the White House and the Fed that we haven’t seen since the 1960s and Lyndon Johnson’s presidency,” said Robert Hockett, a professor at Cornell law school. “You have a Fed clamping down versus a very expansionary president. And Trump, like Johnson, is a larger than life ego who doesn’t like to be told no.”
Yellen, in a news conference after the announcement, disagreed that she will be in conflict with Trump. But her answer suggested she could be.
"I don't believe it is a point of conflict. We would certainly welcome stronger economic growth in the context of price stability," she said. "And if policies were put in place to speed growth, I'd certainly urge Congress and the administration to consider policies that would boost productivity and raise the economy's so-called speed limit."
This appeared to be a tacit warning against simply pursuing big tax reductions, a top White House priority.
The central bankers worry that Trump and the Republican Congress will soon pump trillions of dollars into the economy through tax cuts and infrastructure spending. The Fed could offset the stimulative impact of these moves with higher rates, making it harder for the president to drive down the jobless numbers or create the 3 percent to 4 percent growth he pledged during the campaign.
Yellen on Wednesday said it was too soon to tell how fiscal policy could influence the economy or the Fed’s actions. But she said the central bank will be watching closely.
In response to a question, she said the Fed has “not discussed in detail policy changes that could be put into place, and we have not tried to map out what our response would be to particular policy measures.”
If the Fed does move more quickly and slows down the economy, Trump could return fire. He repeatedly slammed the Fed during the campaign, suggesting that the central bank was holding rates artificially low to boost former President Barack Obama and that Yellen should be “ashamed of herself.”
Trump has been quiet about the Fed since then, something that has central bank officials hopeful they will avoid his wrath. And White House National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn said over the weekend the Fed was doing a “good job” and that the administration respected the central bank’s role.
But the Fed could be forced into faster action if Trump and the Congress manage to move on from the current health care fight and enact large-scale corporate and individual tax cuts coupled with significant infrastructure spending.
“The Fed is trying to deliver what I’ve called the beautiful normalization of interest rates,” said Mohamed El-Erian, chief economic adviser at Allianz. “But it has not taken into account the implementation of pro-growth policy measures that have been announced by the Trump administration. Should Congress and the administration deliver on the pro-growth elements and should we avoid a trade war, then the Fed will need to get more hawkish than this.”
Yellen and her colleagues view the nation as close to operating at peak capacity. The central bank sees growth rates of 2.1 percent this year and next and 1.9 percent in 2019, and an unemployment rate for the next three years of 4.5 percent, just 0.2 percentage points than today. 
The Fed worries that further big employment gains could drive much faster wage increases that could lead to inflationary pressures that are hard to control.
Historically, the central bank has preferred to risk recession with multiple rate hikes rather than act too slowly and allow inflation to heat up. Of the 13 rate-hiking cycles since World War II, 10 landed the economy in a recession.
In her news conference, Yellen cited “solid progress” in the economy, including a return to close to what the Fed views as full employment. And she talked about the risks associated with keeping rates too low for too long.
“Waiting too long to scale back some accommodation could potentially require us to raise rates rapidly sometime down the road, which in turn could risk disrupting financial markets and pushing the economy into recession,” she said.
With rates as low as they are, some analysts believe that the central bank is already behind the curve and may have to speed up its tightening efforts over the next two years.
The Fed’s interest rate target remains at just 0.75 percent to 1.00 percent, a historically low figure. And the central bank indicated that at this point it expects to raise rates just twice more this year. Markets, expecting Wednesday’s action, took the move in stride, with the Dow up about 100 points after the announcement.
The administration’s planned timetable for major policy initiatives could also affect the way the Fed responds. Large tax cuts could stoke inflation and force the Fed’s hand. So could some trade policies favored by the president that could sharply increase the cost of imported goods, leading to even more inflation.
Some analysts believe the administration should instead focus first on infrastructure, then trade policy aimed at increasing domestic manufacturing. Both could potentially increase productivity, which tends to decrease inflation. Tax cuts could go last.
“Trump ought to pace himself and think about the sequencing of all these reforms,” Hockett said. “If he goes for the sugar high first of cutting taxes massively that could have an inflationary impact and leave the Fed feeling like it has to clamp down hard, and that could quash growth and throw us into continuing economic doldrums.”



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump’s first budget proposal this week will be like many of his policy ideas so far — big on showmanship and playing to his base, short on details.
The blueprint is expected to call for taking an ax to programs and agencies that Republicans love to hate like EPA, Energy, Interior, State, HUD and Commerce; foreign aid; the federal workforce; and Education and Labor training programs, while boosting defense spending by roughly $54 billion — and that covers only so-called discretionary spending, which accounts for just a third of the federal government’s budget.
Story Continued Below
Agencies that are expected to see boosts include the FBI and Homeland Security, including Customs and Border Protection, since they will be crucial to carrying out the administration’s travel ban policy and the building of the so-far hypothetical wall with Mexico. 
Other agencies will see anywhere from a 15- to 20-percent cut, said one policy expert on the transition team — with the EPA seeing a proposed cut north of 25 percent. “I am looking to see who is being protected,” said one source from Trump’s presidential transition team who worked on policy issues. “Other than that, I don’t expect to learn much more from the budget."
Yet none of this may matter to Trump’s base, who elected him based on his promise to upend Washington and dismantle the federal government. Voters rarely want to sweat all of the details; they want action. And Trump’s budget will offer that reward by pinpointing the winners and losers within the federal bureaucracy in broad strokes, according to transition sources.
Most agency cuts are expected to lack specificity, transition sources said; they will require each Cabinet secretary to find savings by eliminating programs, cutting the workforce or both.
The exception may be swaths of the EPA, Commerce, State and Energy departments, where the budget is expected to call for the wholesale elimination of programs involving solar energy, biofuels or anything that looks like the government propping up one sector over another, an idea that’s anathema to conservatives.
“Foreign aid is a complete waste of money,” said Stephen Moore, a senior economist at the Heritage Foundation who worked on the budget draft during Trump’s presidential campaign. Moore stressed that he had not seen the final blueprint. That document is being so closely held that even political appointees at various agencies have not seen it.
The White House plans to release a fuller version of its budget sometime in May.
“The big question is whether the political system can absorb these cutbacks,” Moore added. “If this was a business, they could cut by 10 to 15 percent. Some of the agencies should be cut 100 percent. The argument that President Trump needs to make is that businesses downsize. They suck in their gut. The government has not done that.”
Yet long-time Republican budget leaders and staffers remain skeptical of Trump’s first stab at budget politics because it will lack so many key details. The “skinny budget,” as the administration calls this proposal, will not tackle mandatory spending like Medicare or Social Security — entitlement programs that are the main drivers of cost for the government over the next decade and which Republicans have long wanted to overhaul.
Nor is the plan expected to include tax proposals, as budgets typically do. It also promises to boost defense spending by billions of dollars, without taking into account the budget caps still in place from the sequester — to override those to hit the spending level Trump wants, the Senate would need 60 votes to change the law, votes that are not assured.
“That makes the budget anorexic, not skinny,” says the former Republican director of the Congressional Budget Office, Douglas Holtz-Eakin. “It will be politics as usual. Trump’s base will like it. Other Republicans won’t. He’ll divide the GOP the same way he always does.”
For policy-making, the implications will be even starker. This lack of detailed accounting in Trump’s proposal will either force Congress to make many of the hard decisions in its appropriations bills, or simply delay congressional action entirely as leadership awaits further direction from the White House — a scenario that played out with the botched roll-out of the House Republican health care bill.
“The budget is not going to be that revealing,” said G. William Hoagland, the former Republican staff director of the Senate Budget Committee. “We’ll have to wait until the full budget comes at end of April and in May. What the appropriators need are the account-level details.” 
The possibility of wholesale elimination of departments, meanwhile, terrifies government workers, as well as the unions that represent them.
“If budgets cut require reductions in force, then federal workers will be concerned about their job and taking care of their family, but they’re also concerned about being able to care for everyone that their jobs are meant to support,” said Tim Kauffman of American Federation of Government Employees that represents roughly 700,000 workers across federal agencies. 
For the past few weeks, the White House’s Office of Management and Budget has been negotiating with agency heads over proposed budget cuts behind-closed-doors. At the State Department, for instance, Secretary Rex Tillerson managed to negotiate cuts less severe cuts than the 37 percent outlined in earlier documents, POLITICO reported earlier this week.
One State Department worker, who spoke anonymously for fear of being fired, said workers had been urged not to mention climate change in conversations with OMB officials as the department sought to save programs.
Similarly, State workers tried to rebrand any foreign aid and education programs as ways to boost American or female entrepreneurship, playing into the president’s desire to promote business growth, the State employee added.
This process of negotiations has been happening across agencies for the past few weeks, as the president assembles his first budget.
It’s been a scramble this year, as is often the case in the first year of an administration, said Sandy Davis, former associate director for legislative affairs at the Congressional Budget Office. Typically, the White House sends agencies the first draft of its budget proposal around Thanksgiving, allowing the agencies to go back and forth for weeks before a blueprint is released in the winter. “It’s truncated this year, which is typical for a new administration,” Davis said. 
New OMB Director Mick Mulvaney was not even confirmed until mid-February. Prior to that, much of the budget policy was being run by a former Heritage Foundation and Senate Budget Committee staffer, Paul Winfree, who now works as the White House’s Director of Budget Policy. 
Winfree also wrote Heritage’s budget blueprint in 2016, which has informed much of the administration’s thinking on its budget proposal — although Trump departed from the plan by declining to broach the dismantling of entitlements, except for Medicaid which comes in for big cuts in the House Republican health care bill.
Andrew Restuccia, Shane Goldmacher, Marianne Levine, Caitlin Emma and Darius Dixon contributed to this story.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump on Wednesday defended his explosive and so far unsupported claim that former President Barack Obama ordered an illegal wiretap of Trump Tower. 
“Wiretap covers a lot of different things,” he told Fox News’ Tucker Carlson in an interview set to air Wednesday night, according to excerpts of the transcript. “I think you’re going to find some very interesting items coming to the forefront over the next two weeks.”
Story Continued Below
In early March, Trump took to Twitter to accuse his predecessor of tapping his phone lines, but offered no evidence to back it up, prompting the immediate condemnation of Democrats and some Republicans who demanded that he prove it. Both Obama and his former director of national intelligence, James Clapper, have denied that the claim is true, and the Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, Rep. Devin Nunes, also cast doubt on it, saying Wednesday that the committee has not seen any evidence to support it.
Trump’s press secretary, Sean Spicer, seemed to walk back Trump’s comments on Monday, telling reporters that the president does not actually believe Obama personally wiretapped him. Instead, Spicer claimed, Trump’s tweets were alleging more general “surveillance” during the presidential campaign, even though the president had directly accused Obama of directing a wiretap. (The claim that Trump Tower was under any surveillance during the campaign also remains unproven.)
The transcript Fox released ahead of Carlson’s prime-time program suggests that Trump was making a similar argument — that “wiretap covers a lot of different things” — but it did not include the context surrounding his remarks.
According to the transcript, Trump also repeated his earlier criticism of MSNBC’s reporting on two pages of his 2005 tax returns. 
Some people have speculated that Trump may have leaked the returns himself, considering that they showed him paying some $38 million in taxes in 2005. Trump acknowledged that it’s “certainly not an embarrassing tax return at all,” but told Carlson that he has “no idea” how they were made public.
“I have no idea where they got it, but it’s illegal, and they’re not supposed to have it, and it’s not supposed to be leaked,” he said. “And it’s certainly not an embarrassing tax return at all, but it’s an illegal thing they’ve been doing it. They’ve done it before, and I think it’s a disgrace."



ARTICLE
Tuesday night’s leak of President Donald Trump’s 2005 tax return provides the best glimpse yet of his finances. 
It shows he was to have paid about $38 million in taxes that year on $153 million in income. But the documents, released by journalist David Cay Johnston on MSNBC’s “The Rachel Maddow Show,” also reveal less than it may appear. 
Story Continued Below
Here are five things to know about this return: 
1. Trump paid taxes
Remember all the speculation about how maybe he never paid taxes? Well, that was wrong, at least for 2005. 
His leaked return shows he was to have paid $38.4 million in taxes that year, something that’s sure to disappoint Democrats and that had Donald Trump Jr. cheering the MSNBC report. “Thank you Rachel Maddow,” he tweeted. 
The president paid $36.5 million in individual income tax and $1.9 million in Social Security and Medicare payroll taxes. 
Of course, we don’t know whether he’s paid taxes since then — 2005 could have been an anomaly. 
But the fact that he ponied up to the IRS, according to these documents, suggests there now may be less pressure for Trump to release his entire returns. 
“We have a fragmentary leak that shows that the president did pay a lot of taxes, and I’m not sure that leaves him with much incentive to make a complete release,” said Joe Thorndike, a tax historian. 
2. He paid more than many of his peers
Experts calculate tax burdens by dividing the levies people pay into their earnings, which produces their effective tax rate. Trump appears to have paid a 24 percent rate, which isn’t out of line with what other wealthy people paid then. (Trump’s rate creeps up to 25 percent when you include payroll taxes.) 
The average effective income tax rate in 2005 for the top 1 percent was 19.7 percent, according to the Tax Policy Center. Overall, the rate for everyone that year, regardless of income, was 8.8 percent. (Many people exaggerate how much in taxes they actually pay.) So Trump paid more than a lot of other wealthy people, and certainly more than most Americans. 
3. The alternative minimum tax just got a lot more popular
Trump and House Republicans want to junk the alternative minimum tax, a parallel tax system set up in the 1960s to ensure the wealthy couldn’t use legal deductions and credits to eliminate their tax bills. Republicans say the AMT makes the code overly complicated, because it requires people to do their taxes twice — once under the regular system, and a second time under the AMT. 
But the AMT was the main driver behind Trump’s tax bill. Of the $38 million he paid in taxes for 2005, about $31.2 million was because of the alternative minimum. 
That’s an eye-popping AMT bill, and the fact that Trump would so obviously benefit from its elimination is sure to make what had been Republicans’ boilerplate proposals to eliminate it suddenly a lot more controversial. 
“Without the alternative minimum tax, Donald Trump would have paid a lower tax rate in 2005 than the poorest half of Americans,” said Frank Clemente, head of the liberal Americans for Tax Fairness. “Trump wants to abolish the AMT. Now we know why.” 
4. Claimed losses remain a mystery
Trump reported a loss of $103 million, which he was able to use to slash his tax bill, likely by millions. Remember, people can subtract their losses from their earnings when calculating their taxable incomes. That loss is the main reason Trump was also able to turn $152.7 million in earnings to just $48.9 million in adjusted gross income. 
So did he actually lose $103 million? It’s impossible to tell from the return. It could just be a paper loss created by taking lots of deductions. 
It’s not even clear when Trump took those losses. They could have been accrued in previous years, and then rolled into 2005. They might be the remnant of the $916 million loss Trump reported taking on his 1995 state income tax return that was leaked last year to The New York Times. 
In a statement on the MSNBC report, the Trump administration said he took “large scale” depreciation writeoffs for “construction.” 
5. This is far from the whole story
Rachel Maddow’s hype notwithstanding, these are just the first two summary pages of Trump’s return. 
While they demonstrate that he was to have paid taxes, and show how much, good luck trying to divine any conflicts of interest or connections to Russian oligarchs. The summary pages don’t explain how Trump made his money, what itemized deductions he took (though they do show those totaled $17 million) or even whether he gave to charity. For that, we’d need Trump’s entire tax return, which would likely run to hundreds or maybe even thousands of pages. 
“What we learn from this is distinctly limited,” Thorndike said. “It raises a lot more questions than it answers.” 
Interestingly, Johnston said the forms were mailed anonymously to him — as did The New York Times when it released Trump’s 1995 state return last fall. 
It’s one thing to drop a two-page 1040 in the mail, and another to leak a return that could dwarf the New York City phone book. 
“Chances are he has a pretty big return, and not the kind of thing that’s so easy to mail to someone,” Thorndike said. “It might be pretty hard to leak a complete return.” 



ARTICLE
Reince Priebus may already have a job, but President Donald Trump apparently already has ideas about what might be next for his White House chief of staff.
At an event Wednesday in Michigan celebrating American automotive manufacturing, Trump gestured toward Priebus and suggested that chief of staff might someday run a car company, adding that “he's done a great job.” The exchange, captured by the traveling pool of reporters covering the president, came during a round-table discussion with union leaders and executives from automotive manufacturers.
Story Continued Below
Before sitting down for the discussion, Trump was shown a collection of 10 U.S.-made vehicles from a variety of domestic and foreign manufacturers. The president talked up the successes he has claimed thus far into his administration on job creation in the U.S. manufacturing sector, promising to “to bring a lot of jobs back to Michigan and Ohio and Pennsylvania,” all states he won in last year’s election.
Trump also called over Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder to pose for a photograph with him, inviting the governor over “even though you didn't endorse me," a remark that the press pool noted elicited awkward laughter from those in the room. 



ARTICLE
A federal judge in Hawaii issued a worldwide restraining order against enforcement of key parts of President Donald Trump’s revised travel ban executive order just hours before the directive was set to kick in, backed up by a second federal judge in Maryland who put out his own ruling blocking parts of the order.
U.S. District Court Judge Derrick Watson ruled Wednesday that the state of Hawaii and a local Muslim leader had “a strong likelihood of success on their claim” that Trump’s order intentionally targets Muslims and therefore violates the Constitution’s guarantee against establishment of religion.
Story Continued Below
Watson bluntly rejected the federal government's claims that the new directive does not target Islam because it is focused on six countries that account for less than 9 percent of the world's Muslims.
"The illogic of the Government’s contentions is palpable," wrote Watson, an appointee of President Barack Obama. "The notion that one can demonstrate animus toward any group of people only by targeting all of them at once is fundamentally flawed. The Court declines to relegate its Establishment Clause analysis to a purely mathematical exercise."
Hours after that opinion emerged, a federal judge in Maryland, U.S. District Court Judge Theodore Chuang — also an Obama appointee and a former Department of Homeland Security deputy counsel — held that Trump's order appeared to violate a specific provision in federal law by blocking the issuance of immigrant visas from the six targeted countries.
The rulings are another serious blow to Trump’s attempt to limit immigration as part of what he claims is an effort to reduce the threat of terrorist attacks in the U.S.
Trump slammed the decision during a speech to a campaign rally in Nashville on Wednesday a short time after the new restraining order was issued.
"This is, in the opinion of many, an unprecedented judicial overreach. ... This ruling makes us look weak," the president declared before appearing to vow to take the issue to the Supreme Court. "This is a watered-down version of the first one. ... I think we should go back to the first one and go all the way which is what I wanted to do in the first place."
“Trump’s statements tonight? He should just continue talking, because he’s making our arguments for us,” said Marielena Hincapié, executive director of the National Immigration Law Center.
A spokewoman for the Department of Justice called the ruling "flawed both in reasoning and in scope," adding that the administration will "continue to defend this Executive Order in the courts."
Trump effectively abandoned the earlier, broader version of his travel ban order after the bulk of it was blocked by another federal judge and a three-judge appeals court panel declined to allow Trump to restore it. 
As the White House mulled the possibility of an appeal of the latest ruling, there was one piece of good news for Trump's team: Roughly two hours after Watson issued the new restraining order, five 9th Circuit judges formally declared that the original appeals panel made a "fundamental error" by refusing to let Trump proceed with his first order. 
The dissenters' move does not alter that earlier ruling but could be seen as a signal to other judges or even the Supreme Court that Trump's travel orders are legally valid. 
"The President’s actions might have been more aggressive than those of his predecessors, but that was his prerogative," Judge Jay Bybee and four other Republican-appointed appeals judges wrote in a dissent from the decision not to reconsider the appeals court's earlier ruling. "Even if we have questions about the basis for the President’s ultimate findings — whether it was a 'Muslim ban' or something else — we do not get to peek behind the curtain. So long as there is one 'facially legitimate and bona fide' reason for the President’s actions, our inquiry is at an end."
However, Chuang soundly rejected that approach in his ruling from Maryland early Thursday, using Trump's campaign comments and pledges to conclude that the primary purpose of Trump's travel ban order was to advance religious bias.
 "These statements, which include explicit, direct statements of President Trump's animus towards Muslims and intention to impose a ban on Muslims entering the United States, present a convincing case that the First Executive Order was issued to accomplish, as nearly as possible, President Trump's promised Muslim ban," Chuang wrote.
 Chuang's decision flatly dismissed the federal government's arguments that Trump's comments before he took office should not be considered in assessing the executive order's purpose.
 "Simply because a decisionmaker made the statements during a campaign does not wipe them from the 'reasonable memory' of a 'reasonable observer,'" the judge wrote, pointing to a federal appeals court decision that considered "billboards and campaign commercials" for Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore in concluding that he was motivated by religion when he had a Ten Commandments display installed at a state courthouse.
 Chuang said the conclusion that anti-Muslim sentiment was the primarily reason behind the travel ban was supported by the fact that it seemed to be a poor fit for known terrorist threats.
 "In this highly unique case, the record provides strong indications that the national security purpose is not the primary purpose for the travel ban," the judge wrote. "While the travel ban bears no resemblance to any response to a national security risk in recent history, it bears a clear resemblance to the precise action that President Trump described as effectuating his Muslim ban."
 Watson's order took a similar tack, citing campaign trail statements by Trump that the judge said amounted to "significant and unrebutted evidence of religious animus driving the promulgation of the Executive Order and its related predecessor."
 Watson's ruling — applicable "in all places, including the United States" — blocked two core provisions of Trump's redrafted order: a 90-day halt in issuance of visas to citizens of six majority-Muslim countries and a 120-day halt of refugee admissions from around the globe. The judge's 43-page decision was issued about two hours after a court session in Honolulu during which he heard arguments over the legality of the revised order, which Trump signed last week.
 Chuang's decision was narrower in effect, halting only the ban on newly issued visas for citizens of the six countries and not interfereing with the interruption in refugee admissions. 
 The rulings followed a series of four court hearings on Trump's revised travel ban held in the hours before it was set to take effect.
 In addition to the court sessions in Honolulu and Greenbelt, Maryland, two hearings took place in Seattle, where U.S. District Court Judge James Robart listened to arguments on a suit filed by individuals in Washington state and their family members abroad. In addition, a group of about half a dozen states asked Robart, the same judge who issued the injunction last month blocking Trump's first travel ban, to declare that his initial ruling covers the president's replacement order. 
Citing differences in the two orders, the George W. Bush appointee turned down that request, according to reporters in the courtroom. However, Robart left unclear whether he would grant separate motions to block the new order.
At the Maryland hearing, refugee aid organizations pleaded with Chuang not to ignore Trump's numerous vows to cut off travel to the U.S. by adherents of Islam.
“It’s asking the court to turn a blind eye to all of the evidence that’s apparent to everybody," said Omar Jadwat of the American Civil Liberties Union. "It doesn’t make sense to blind the court.”
However, acting Solicitor General Jeffrey Wall warned the judge against taking into account statements Trump made before he took office. The Justice Department lawyer said the revised order doesn't even mention religion. 
"This is an order that draws no religious distinctions at all," Wall insisted.
The Maryland suit was filed last month by two refugee aid groups, the International Refugee Assistance Project and HIAS, a Jewish charity that facilitates refugee resettlement in the U.S. for the federal government. Several individuals who claim to be directly affected by Trump's orders are also plaintiffs.
The Maryland suit is the only one that includes a challenge to a specific aspect of Trump's orders: a provision lowering the cap on annual refugee admissions for the current fiscal year to 50,000 from 110,000. In addition to the broader argument about the order as a whole being tainted by religious bias, the suit argues that Trump had no authority to lower that cap since federal law says it must be established before the fiscal year begins.
Justice Department attorneys also argued that the case should wait to see whether individual immigrants receive waivers that allow them to get visas despite the six-country ban. 
However, National Immigration Law Center lawyer Justin Cox said that suggestion was bizarre given the claim that the process itself amounts to illegal religious discrimination.
"If there were a special process for black folks to live in a certain neighborhood, you wouldn't say their claims are not ripe until they're denied" permission, Cox said.
After the Maryland hearing, refugee advocates used bleak language to describe the scramble underway to protect their clients in case the revised travel's bans directives kicked in.
"We're trying to find emergency shelter and places for people to hide so they don't get killed while the U.S. is in the process of implementing this executive order," said Rebecca Heller of the International Refugee Assistance Project.
Josh Dawsey contributed to this report from Nashville. Nahal Toosi also contributed to this report. 



ARTICLE
Lindsey Graham lacks the resources and access that the House and Senate Intelligence Committees have to investigate Russia’s meddling in the presidential election.
But his Senate Judiciary subcommittee has something the intelligence panels don’t: a Republican chairman viewed not as a Donald Trump ally but as a fierce critic, who has no qualms with bucking party leaders to unravel the mystery of Russia’s interference in the election.
Story Continued Below
Graham and his Democratic partner, Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island, will seize the spotlight Wednesday during a public hearing on Russia’s election interference, to be held by Graham’s Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism, which has jurisdiction over the FBI.
Graham and Whitehouse plan to use their perch to help ensure the public gets a full accounting of Russia’s intrusion and any possible ties between the Trump campaign and Moscow.
The bipartisan duo already has its first target: getting the FBI to clear up Trump’s claim that former President Barack Obama wiretapped Trump Tower in the run-up to the 2016 election. They sent a letter last week to the Justice Department asking it to turn over information that would confirm or refute Trump’s accusation — including warrant applications and court orders. The House Intelligence Committee is seeking the same information and so far neither has been able to shake it loose.
Graham suggested Tuesday there would be consequences if the FBI continues stonewalling Congress — and said he plans to make an announcement at the start of the hearing on Wednesday warning the bureau to comply.
“If they don't honor this request and give us an answer, then I would say that we need a joint select committee because the regular order is not working,” Graham told reporters. “They’re about to screw up big time if they keep running to the Intel Committee and not answer that letter.”
Whitehouse appears more optimistic that he and Graham will get answers. In an interview with POLITICO, he said the senators got some clarity on the FBI probe after meeting with Comey privately earlier this month — the same day Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced that he was recusing from any investigations involving Russia and the 2016 presidential campaign. 
“We said look, we’re going to go ahead with our hearing on the 15th, just let us know by then,” Whitehouse said, recalling the March 2 meeting with Comey. “I think he implicitly confirmed that they are looking at this and he said he’d get us a clearer explanation by [the Wednesday hearing]. That was satisfactory to both of us.”
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) indicated Tuesday he would not object if Graham’s panel decides to issue subpoenas to force the FBI to turn over the requested information.
“Graham is involved in an investigation of this effort, and I would not try to direct him how to do that,” McConnell said. “The core of the investigation, as you know, and we’ve said repeatedly, is being done by the Intelligence Committee. I think they will pursue whatever angles they need to pursue to get to a conclusion.”
In an interview, Whitehouse said there are key advantages to his joint investigation with Graham, more limited though it may be. For one, their subcommittee can operate in public, freed from the constraints of dealing with classified information. And the scope of their investigation is broader than it may appear at first blush, considering the FBI’s central role in federal probes looking into Russian connections.
“I do think it’s important that there be a public effort so that people can understand that Congress is in fact doing its job, and there is a forum where an investigation or information that can be discussed publicly has its day,” Whitehouse said. “We have oversight over the FBI and the FBI is all over this. So wherever they can go, we can go.”
Graham, meanwhile, said the subcommittee investigation is “going to find out all things Russia,” noting that he and Whitehouse are both former prosecutors. “I couldn’t have a better partner than Sen. Whitehouse," he said.
“We’re trying to build a case,” Graham added. “So, this is what Russia's doing in other places. Then we're going to dig into what they did here.”
Graham said the probe would focus “on what laws may have been broken by the Russians and if we don't have laws to protect from this kind of stuff, we're going to need to create some.”
The South Carolina senator has emerged as one of Trump’s top GOP critics on Capitol Hill, along with his close friend, Senate Armed Services Chairman John McCain (R-Ariz.).
Running against Trump for the Republican presidential nomination, Graham called the real estate mogul a “jackass.” Since then, he has criticized Trump’s original travel ban executive order, blasted his overtures to Russia and slammed the administration’s proposed cuts to the State Department. At the same time, Graham praised Trump after having lunch with him last week and has backed Trump’s call for increased defense spending. Regardless, Graham is not up for reelection again until 2020, so he has no need to fear a primary challenge any time soon.
His willingness to buck Trump has also won him plaudits from Democrats, who view him as more independent than the chairmen of the House and Senate Intelligence Committees, Rep. Devin Nunes (R-Calif.) and Sen. Richard Burr (R-N.C.).
“I’m very fond of him,” Whitehouse said of Graham. “He’s a very, very talented colleague and a very good lawyer and prosecutor. He knows how legal proceedings work and is very adept.”
The intelligence panels are conducting their own wide-ranging investigations into Russia’s election meddling, and Graham acknowledged these committees have more resources and much greater access to classified information.
But the intelligence committee investigations are also viewed with suspicion by Democrats. Nunes and Burr were staunch Trump backers during the presidential campaign and agreed to White House requests last month to call reporters to rebut news reports alleging frequent contacts between Trump associates and Moscow.
"I’m more confident in Lindsey's approach," Illinois Sen. Dick Durbin, the second-ranking Senate Democrat, said in an interview. "I hope that Richard Burr proves me wrong, but Sen. Graham has been outspoken on many of these issues and I’ve worked with him closely so I have a lot of confidence in him."
For his part, McCain said he has a lot of trust in Graham and is glad Graham will have a role in investigating Russia’s election meddling.
“I know that these kinds of — if the word is right, scandal — these kinds of investigations always lead to more information,” McCain said. “I just think there are more questions out there that haven't been answered.”
Elana Schor contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump Jr. was a happy camper Tuesday night after MSNBC published two pages of his father’s previously unreleased 2005 federal tax returns—though the president himself seemed less pleased. 
The returns, which President Donald Trump has refused to release despite the precedent set by his White House predecessors, showed that Trump paid $38 million in federal income taxes on income of $150 million, a rate of 25 percent. His tax bill was lowered significantly by writing off losses, but the return still contradicted previous reporting that indicated Trump had possibly avoided paying any federal income taxes for nearly two decades. 
Story Continued Below
Trump’s eldest son tweeted or retweeted 26 posts about the report by 10:30 a.m. Wednesday, thanking MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow for revealing that Trump paid $38 million in federal taxes in 2005, slamming the media as “#fakenews” and boasting about how his father’s tax rate compared to that of other prominent politicians. 
“Thank you Rachel Maddow for proving to your #Trump hating followers how successful @realDonaldTrump is & that he paid $40mm in taxes! #Taxes,” Trump Jr. wrote, and pinned the tweet to the top of his feed. 
“Please tell me someone has a meme of someone pulling the pin on a hand grenade & throwing the pin instead of the grenade? #askingforafriend,” he wrote in another post. 
He posted a picture of a sleeping baby with the caption “How I’m sleeping tonight” and wrote, “Good night all. #thankyoumaddow” late Tuesday. His enthusiasm had not abated early Wednesday as he took to the site, writing: “Who else knew that Rachel Maddow was a Republican???#ThankYouMaddow #maga #trump #TrumpTaxReturn” 
The reaction contrasted a bit to his father’s. The White House released a statement accusing MSNBC of “illegally” publishing the returns. Trump himself took to Twitter on Wednesday morning, writing: “Does anybody really believe that a reporter, who nobody ever heard of, ‘went to his mailbox’ and found my tax returns? @NBCNews FAKE NEWS!” 
Trump was referring to David Cay Johnston, a reporter who said the forms were mailed to him and who passed them along to MSNBC. 



ARTICLE
If President Donald Trump finds himself unable to broker a compromise on controversial legislation to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, he should simply drop it and let the current health care system collapse, Sen. Lindsey Graham said Wednesday morning.
The repeal-and-replace legislation, dubbed the American Health Care Act, was officially introduced last week by GOP leadership in the House of Representatives, and the bill has the backing of the Trump administration, which has sought to shore up support for it.
Story Continued Below
Despite the backing of House leadership and the White House, the health care legislation has proved controversial even among Republican lawmakers. Some from the party’s conservative wing have announced their opposition to the bill because it does not go far enough in undoing certain provisions of the Affordable Care Act, while others in the GOP have said they cannot support it because of its cuts to Medicaid.
Graham, one of Trump’s most vocal GOP critics during the presidential campaign, credited the president for “really working hard” in support of the bill, telling MSNBC’s “Morning Joe” that Trump was "willing to go bowling with the Freedom Caucus. That shows you how much he wants a bill. I don't think I could have done that.”
Should the Republican Party fail to coalesce around the bill, Graham said he would advise the president to take a course of action that Trump himself has at times suggested: Allow the Affordable Care Act to fall apart and force Democrats to help pick up the pieces.
“Here’s what I would tell the president: If you can't get a better deal and if you can’t protect that 62-year-old worker in Greenville from having dramatic premium increases because Democrats won't work with you and you can't get the Republican Party on board, stop, take a time-out, let it collapse,” Graham said. “Then turn to the Democrats and say, 'This was the system you created. It has collapsed, now help me replace it.' That’s what I would do."
Graham said the plan to push some provisions of the full repeal-and-replace strategy through the Senate’s 60-vote threshold, including one that would allow consumers to purchase health insurance across state lines, is a “complete legislative fantasy.”
“Paul Ryan says this is the last, best chance for us. Well, this is the last, best chance for Republicans to do it by ourselves, and maybe screw it up,” Graham said. “So if you cannot get the product you want, Mr. President, don't buy it because Republicans tell you you have to.”



ARTICLE
Nearly half of voters support the new Republican health care bill, but the elements they like best are holdovers from the Affordable Care Act, according to a new POLITICO/Morning Consult poll.
The new survey — conducted in the days following release of the bill by House GOP leaders — underscores the political thicket that President Donald Trump and congressional Republicans face in taking on the issue. While Americans are open to the GOP proposal, they are pessimistic that rolling back Obamacare would improve quality, price and coverage.
Story Continued Below
Overall, 46 percent of voters approve of the GOP health care proposal, more than the 35 percent who disapprove. Nineteen percent of voters say they don’t have an opinion of the bill. But any support is shallow: Only 4-in-10 voters say they either “strongly approve” or “strongly disapprove” of the bill, with strong disapproval (22 percent) slightly outpacing strong approval (18 percent).
"Given the wave of criticism from both parties following the rollout of the bill, this is a relatively strong starting point for GOP leaders and the White House," said Kyle Dropp, Morning Consult’s co-founder and chief research officer. "However, it will be important to track how public opinion stands up as more information is released in the coming weeks."
Other measures of public opinion reflect a consistent political divide on health care. Asked whether the bill, which GOP leaders call the American Health Care Act, will make the health care system better or worse, 34 percent say it will make it better, while 33 percent think it will make it worse. The rest either say it won’t have an impact (11 percent) or don’t have an opinion (23 percent).
As for which party in Congress they trust more to handle the issue, Americans are essentially tied: Forty-three percent of voters say they trust Republicans, while 39 percent trust Democrats. 
Views of the existing law show sharp divisions, too: Forty-seven percent approve, and 47 percent disapprove. While overall perceptions of Obamacare have improved since last year’s election, an intensity gap persists, with 32 percent strongly disapproving of the law, and just 19 percent strongly approving.
But other aspects of the GOP’s proposed Obamacare rollback are producing skepticism. More voters think the Republican bill will increase costs for their family (36 percent) than believe costs will go down (23 percent). Eighteen percent think the bill won’t affect their family’s costs, but 22 percent aren’t sure.
“There is a lot of room for movement in regards to voters’ opinions about the impact of the Republican plan. About a quarter of respondents are unsure whether to expect an increase in costs or change in quality of care,” said Dropp. "It is going to be important to track how those numbers move in subsequent news cycles and as Americans continue to increase their focus on this bill."
The poll was conducted entirely before the release of a report from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, which projected that 24 million fewer Americans would have insurance a decade from now. But voters were already leaning toward doubt that the House GOP bill would increase the number of Americans on the rolls: Only a quarter thought more Americans would have insurance, fewer than the 38 percent who thought fewer Americans would be enrolled.
Voters were also asked to evaluate eight separate provisions in the proposed bill — and existing elements of Obamacare earned more support than many of the new requirements.
The vast majority of voters, 71 percent, think the bill should include prohibiting insurance companies from denying coverage to patients with pre-existing conditions. And 68 percent think the bill should include allowing adults under age 26 to stay on their parents’ insurance plans.
Other, new provisions are less popular. Half of voters support eliminating the individual mandate, which requires adults to have health insurance or pay a fine. But voters overwhelmingly oppose the GOP replacement — requiring adults to pay a 30-percent penalty if they return to the insurance market if their coverage lapses — with only 18 percent wanting that in the bill.
Half of voters like increasing the annual tax-free contribution limit to Health Savings Accounts, and 48 percent want the bill to include funding for Medicaid until 2020. (The poll did not ask about other proposals from more conservative Republicans to cut the expansion of Medicaid enrollment sooner than that.)
Only 38 percent want the bill to include prohibitions on using federal funding for Planned Parenthood, while 46 percent think the elimination of Planned Parenthood funding should not be in the bill. Roughly 2-in-3 Democrats, 65 percent, don’t think the prohibitions should be in the bill, compared to 58 percent of Republicans who do want the bill to defund Planned Parenthood. Independent voters tilt against defunding Planned Parenthood, 46 percent to 33 percent.
Public opinion of the new health care proposal is limited thus far, though the POLITICO/Morning Consult poll does show less fervent opposition to the bill than a SurveyMonkey poll of adult Americans released on Tuesday.
Similarly, the POLITICO/Morning Consult survey also shows more positive opinions of the job Trump is doing as president. In the new poll, 52 percent of voters approve of Trump’s job performance, while more than the 43 percent disapprove. But, on balance, most polls show more disapprove than approve of the job Trump is doing.
The POLITICO/Morning Consult poll surveyed 1,983 registered voters and has a margin of error of plus or minus 2 percentage points.
Morning Consult is a nonpartisan media and technology company that provides data-driven research and insights on politics, policy and business strategy.
More details on the poll and its methodology can be found in these two documents — Toplines: http://politi.co/2lYt0vQ | Crosstabs: http://politi.co/2nqturC



ARTICLE
A culture of paranoia is consuming the Trump administration, with staffers increasingly preoccupied with perceived enemies — inside their own government.
In interviews, nearly a dozen White House aides and federal agency staffers described a litany of suspicions: that rival factions in the administration are trying to embarrass them, that civil servants opposed to President Donald Trump are trying to undermine him, and even that a “deep state” of career military and intelligence officials is out to destroy them. 
Story Continued Below
Aides are going to great lengths to protect themselves. They’re turning off work-issued smartphones and putting them in drawers when they arrive home from work out of fear that they could be used to eavesdrop. They’re staying mum in meetings out of concern that their comments could be leaked to the press by foes.
Many are using encrypted apps that automatically delete messages once they’ve been read, or are leaving their personal cellphones at home in case their bosses initiate phone checks of the sort that press secretary Sean Spicer deployed last month to try to identify leakers on his team.
It’s an environment of fear that has hamstrung the routine functioning of the executive branch. Senior advisers are spending much of their time trying to protect turf, key positions have remained vacant due to a reluctance to hire people deemed insufficiently loyal, and Trump’s ambitious agenda has been eclipsed by headlines surrounding his unproven claim that former President Barack Obama tapped his phone lines at Trump Tower during the 2016 campaign.
One senior administration aide, who like most others interviewed for this story spoke on the condition of anonymity, said the degree of suspicion had created a toxicity that is unsustainable. 
“People are scared,” he said, adding that the Trump White House had become “a pretty hostile environment to work in.”
A White House official rejected the notion that there’s a culture of paranoia.
Spicer on Tuesday emphasized that cellphone checks are not White House policy and said that neither he nor others are still conducting them. “The only incident in which that occurred was limited to the one involving myself,” he said.
Trump has a history of overseeing pressure-cooker organizations rife with suspicion, setting up sophisticated surveillance in part to monitor employees at his properties, including at his campaign headquarters, where some campaign aides suspected their offices were bugged. 
One widespread concern in the Trump White House: that career intelligence operatives are working to undermine the new president through a series of leaks of classified information. 
Much of the suspicion is directed at the Central Intelligence Agency, which many Trump loyalists believe is targeting CIA skeptics who sit on the National Security Council. Some of them allege that the CIA was behind the damaging leaks to the press that culminated in the resignation of National Security Adviser Michael Flynn in February and that the agency has pushed for the removal of other staffers. 
They also believe the CIA exaggerated security clearance concerns that led to the removal of a top Flynn deputy, Robin Townley, from the NSC. Last week, another top NSC staffer who had drawn opposition from some within the CIA, intelligence director Ezra Cohen-Watnick, was told he was being removed, only to have Trump overrule the decision after Trump advisers Steve Bannon and Jared Kushner intervened, two people familiar with the episode said.
Some rank-and-file White House aides, meanwhile, have become convinced that intelligence agents may be monitoring their phone calls, emails, and text messages. Those fears intensified last week when WikiLeaks released a trove of CIA documents outlining how the agency can break into phones and computers.
In an interview, one White House aide described the elaborate steps he was taking to shield himself. Once he gets home in the evening, he turns off his work phone and stores it in a drawer because, he said, he believes it could be used to listen to him even when it’s off. If he makes a call during off-hours, he uses a separate, personal phone in an adjoining room, where the stowed work device wouldn’t be able to pick up his voice as clearly.
The fact that so much sensitive information from the White House was making its way to news outlets, he said, has raised suspicions that national security officials are listening in.
“I’m paranoid,” said the aide. “Anything significant seems to be on the front page the next day.”
One prominent Republican strategist who is close to the administration marveled at the amount of sensitivity over phones. “It’s always a, ’you never know who’s listening’ kind of thing,” this person said. “It’s a general concern that people have over there.”
Some staffers have even expressed concern about messages that appear on digital faces of White House landline phones, indicating that calls might be monitored. The White House official, however, said those messages have been a feature of the building’s phone system for years.
Yet the perception among some staff that monitoring is widespread has engendered even greater suspicion and anxiety. “We’ve got strict instructions not to talk to talk to the press,” said one White House aide. “I assume I would get fired immediately.”
One senior aide said staffers have become almost obsessed by daily news accounts of palace intrigue and spend hours in the office dissecting them in hopes of deciphering who is dishing — and who is trying to hurt whom. 
Another Republican who is close to the White House said junior-level staffers are simply “mimicking what they’re seeing at the top … Everyone at the top is so suspicious that it trickles down the org chart, so everyone has become paranoid and suspicious.”
The distrust, some contend, isn’t unfounded. 
“I wouldn't call it paranoia under the circumstances,” said a Republican who communicates with many administration aides through encrypted apps. “It’s not paranoia if people really are out to get you, and everybody actually is out to get everyone else.”
Many staffers say they don’t like the idea that supervisors — or anyone else — could have access to their emails. Some have taken to using secure messengers like Confide and Signal in order to communicate on their personal phones. One program gaining popularity within the administration is Wickr, which allows users to set an expiration time on how long an unread message can remain in a recipient’s inbox before it self-destructs. 
The encryption programs can’t be accessed from White House-issued phones, which prevent users from downloading most apps. There are no restrictions on employees using encrypted apps on their personal phones, the White House official said, as long as they’re not being used to conduct official business.
The most stress, however, may be outside the West Wing, in executive branch agencies, where staffers worry about career bureaucrats who are hostile to Trump.
Fears grew on Friday, when Sid Bowdidge, a Trump appointee to the Department of Energy who had worked on the campaign, was ousted amid reports that he’d expressed anti-Muslim views and argued that Obama had relatives who were terrorists in Twitter posts from over a year ago. 
In an interview, Bowdidge blamed the disclosure on an anti-Trump department staffer who had picked through his background. He called the incident “character assassination” and said Obama allies were sending a warning shot to Trump loyalists in agencies.
“A lot of these career folks were put in there over the last eight years, they’re Obama supporters,” he said. “By and large, they hate Trump.”
Spokespeople for the Department of Energy did not respond to a request for comment. 
To inoculate themselves, staffers at agencies have begun scrubbing their social media accounts for anything that could be perceived as controversial. They are also operating on the assumption that anything they say in the office could be leaked. 
One agency aide said he had become particularly circumspect in meetings and was taking additional steps to protect himself, such as keeping his office door closed during the day. He has used his off-time to catalogue the Twitter and Facebook postings of co-workers who he suspects harbor anti-Trump views and could be a threat. 
“I do think there’s a concerted effort to disrupt us," the aide said. “We’re professional, we’re courteous. But it’s a one-way street. The [anti-Trump staffers] are out to hurt the administration, and you have to handle yourself accordingly.”
In recent days, the administration has given credence to the idea that Obama loyalists are working against them. When Spicer was asked during a briefing last week about the idea that a deep state is working to undermine the president, he did not reject the premise.
“I don’t think it should come as any surprise that there are people that burrowed into government during eight years of the last administration, and may have believed in that agenda and that to continue to seek it,” he said.
Obama White House veterans are skeptical.
Tommy Vietor, who was an NSC spokesman during the Obama years, rejected the current administration’s deep state concerns as “overstated and ridiculous.” 
“The idea that there are career officials who are holdovers who may not agree with Trump is neither new nor remarkable,” he said. “That’s not the deep state.”
 Josh Dawsey contributed to this report. 



ARTICLE
Donald Trump carried Missouri by 19 percentage points on his way to the presidency. But Sen. Claire McCaskill, who faces a fight for reelection next year in the conservative-leaning state, isn’t exactly voting like Washington, D.C.’s idea of a red-state Democrat.
McCaskill has sided with Democratic leaders against all of Trump’s most contentious Cabinet nominees and six of the eight regulatory rollbacks teed up by the Senate GOP since Inauguration Day, according to a POLITICO analysis. She is not alone among red-state Democrats who lately have remained in their party’s fold: On the Senate’s highest-profile votes since the president took office, eight of the 10 most vulnerable Democrats on the ballot next year voted with their party at least four-fifths of the time.
Story Continued Below
Even famously GOP-friendly Sen. Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.) has sided with Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren more often than he aligned with Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.).
It's obviously still early in Trump's presidency to draw sweeping conclusions. But the voting behavior of Senate Democrats — particularly the 10 from states Trump won in November — suggests that the president has a lot more bridge-building to do with red-state Democrats. Their support could prove critical to the success or failure of his legislative priorities, such as infrastructure and tax reform. 
So far, Trump has mostly fostered Democratic unity by tweeting combatively and sparking protests around the country with his order barring travelers from majority-Muslim nations. 
"The Trump administration has been so outrageous in its early stages that it's probably made it easier for Democrats to hang together," Sen. Chris Murphy (D-Conn.) said in an interview. "It's not hard to be united around the United States not discriminating against people based on religion."
The burgeoning unity among Democratic senators — “about the only emergency brake” on the Trump train, as Sen. Tim Kaine (D-Va.) put it one week after his ticket lost the White House — is about to face its biggest test yet in the coming confirmation vote on Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch. While Minority Leader Chuck Schumer's (D-N.Y.) caucus has stuck together against the GOP's Obamacare repeal bid, it's far from clear that Democrats can deny Gorsuch 60 votes.
McCaskill said she has based her votes so far this year on substance, not partisanship. 
"I have not voted for some Trump Cabinet members. I have voted for others," the Missourian said in a brief interview, adding that the same pattern holds for the eight rollbacks of Obama-era regulations that the Senate has passed so far. "So I make a decision based on each individual issue, and it’s not about party."
Liberal activists who are mobilizing demonstrations to protect Obamacare and pushing Democrats to block Gorsuch say Republicans are kidding themselves if they think senators who must court Trump voters next year are easy marks for his agenda.
“Grass-roots mobilization has already opened the way for red-state Democrats to follow their conscience,” MoveOn.org Washington director Ben Wikler said in an interview. “Everything about the way this administration operates suggests it will keep inflaming an incredibly broad resistance movement."
Democratic senators facing reelection in states Trump carried “understand that these are not normal times,” said Ilyse Hogue, president of the abortion-rights group NARAL Pro-Choice America. “They understand that there is a heightened sense of desire and expectation that people are going to be heard.”
There’s also a heightened GOP awareness that Democrats from swing states where Trump prevailed narrowly — such as Sens. Debbie Stabenow of Michigan and Tammy Baldwin of Wisconsin, both members of Schumer's leadership team — have more incentive to vote with the rest of their party. But that doesn’t mean they won’t face political pressure to move to the right. 
In the past week, the National Republican Senatorial Committee has slammed Sen. Bob Casey (D-Pa.) as an “unapologetic Washington liberal” and Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio) for his “knee-jerk opposition" to Gorsuch.
To identify the most divisive Senate votes of Trump’s young presidency, POLITICO’s analysis focused on confirmation of the seven Cabinet nominees whom Democratic leaders singled out for opposition and the eight deregulatory measures that Senate Republicans have teed up for Trump to sign so far.
The Democrat crossing the aisle most often during those 15 votes, Manchin did so on seven of them. Excluding Manchin, Trump's most controversial Cabinet nominees lost Republican votes as often as they won Democratic votes.
Sen. Heidi Heitkamp (D-N.D.) was close behind Manchin with five GOP-aligned votes. Sens. Joe Donnelly (D-Ind.) and Angus King, an independent who caucuses with Democrats, broke from the bulk of their party on three of the 15 votes.
McCaskill, the fourth-most conservative Trump-state Democrat, has split from her leaders on two deregulatory measures under Trump, voting to kill an Interior Department rule for the disposal of coal mining waste in streams and a teacher preparation rule at the Department of Education that drew criticism from teachers unions. Montana Democratic Sen. Jon Tester, up for reelection next year in a state Trump carried by 21 percentage points, voted to strike down the education rule and another regulation governing background checks for Social Security recipients seeking to buy guns.
Moderate Maine Sen. Susan Collins of Maine broke with her Republican leaders on more of the Senate's 15 most consequential votes under Trump than McCaskill and Tester split from Schumer, Warren and Sanders. Collins strayed from the GOP pack three times, voting against Scott Pruitt's bid to lead the Environmental Protection Agency, against Education Secretary nominee Betsy DeVos, and against axing the coal mining waste regulation.
Both McCaskill and Tester opposed all seven of the Cabinet nominees at the top of Democrats' target list: Pruitt, DeVos, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Attorney General Jeff Sessions, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price, and White House budget director Mick Mulvaney.
Among less politicized Cabinet confirmations, Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson got a "no" from McCaskill and a "yes" from Tester, while both joined most other red-state Democrats in supporting Trump's picks to lead the departments of Commerce, Energy and Interior. 
McCaskill also called for Sessions to resign amid the ongoing controversy over his meetings with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak while serving as a Trump campaign surrogate (that landed the Missouri Democrat into a pickle of her own over her attendance at a group meeting with Kislyak). Even Manchin, who voted for Sessions, quickly pressed him to recuse himself from investigations into Russian meddling in the presidential election.
Few other Democratic senators have crossed the aisle to side with the GOP on polarizing votes since Inauguration Day. Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia supported Tillerson, while Sens. Bill Nelson of Florida and Catherine Cortez Masto of Nevada voted against axing the teacher preparation regulation.
POLITICO's analysis excluded three Cabinet-level nominees who Senate Democrats did not add to their top tier of targets for confirmation fights: Defense Secretary James Mattis, Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly and CIA Director Mike Pompeo. Fifteen Democrats backed Pompeo on the Senate floor on Jan. 23, triggering a groundswell of grass-roots liberal fury.
Despite the early solidarity, however, Democratic senators are well aware that their red-state colleagues will break from the pack on future votes.
"Every member of our caucus is going to make a decision about what's right for their state," Murphy said. "Chuck's not twisting anybody's arms, so there are going to be times when members of our caucus will vote with Republicans. That's democracy."



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump on Tuesday night asked House GOP leaders to incorporate a handful of changes into their Obamacare repeal bill, a request that comes as the White House seeks to woo the far right. 
On a call with Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.), Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) and Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-La.) that lasted about 45 minutes, Trump expressed support for modifications to the current plan, several sources said. 
Story Continued Below
It is unclear how many of those will be incorporated into the House bill, but two ideas under consideration include enacting in law administrative actions that Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price plans to take to deregulate the insurance industry, and allowing governors to impose work requirements on healthy Medicaid beneficiaries.
The deregulation provisions may not be allowed under Senate rules, but nothing prevents the House from trying to tuck them into the package. GOP leaders have been looking at the work requirement idea for several days, and multiple senior Hill sources say the odds of including it are better. 
Price, budget director Mick Mulvaney, economic adviser Gary Cohn and a number of other senior officials and congressional aides were also part of the conversation. Sources described the mood of the call in different ways, with some saying it was slightly tense and others saying it was positive. 
While the discussion centered on how to amend the bill to garner enough votes to pass the House, there was a willingness to keep forging ahead, several people said, and "a list of things we are going to do next," one person briefed on the call said. 
The conference call came amid worries that conservatives will block the House bill. The far right has decried it as “Obamacare lite,” and lawmakers in the House Freedom Caucus have threatened to vote against the bill in its current form. 
POLITICO reported Monday that administration officials were also looking at whether Obamacare's Medicaid expansion could be phased out in early 2018, instead of at the end of 2019, as the House bill currently calls for. Republican Study Committee Chairman Mark Walker of North Carolina is pressing leaders to accept the change, which the Freedom Caucus also backs. 
Hill GOP leaders, however, have pushed back against the idea. They're concerned that it will repel moderates and could never pass the Senate. Indeed, centrist Republicans in both chambers have balked at the idea. 
The discussions of amendments to the current House plan suggest the contours of a path forward may be slowly emerging. In an interview on talk radio Tuesday, Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows (R-N.C.) told Sean Hannity that he gave the White House a list of several changes that his group would like to see in order to vote for the bill. Meadows mentioned the work requirements and codifying deregulation of the insurance sector. 



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump has overruled a decision by his national security adviser, Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster, to sideline a key intelligence operative who fell out of favor with some at the Central Intelligence Agency, two sources told POLITICO. 
On Friday, McMaster told the National Security Council’s senior director for intelligence programs, Ezra Cohen-Watnick, that he would be moved to another position in the organization. 
Story Continued Below
The conversation followed weeks of pressure from career officials at the CIA who had expressed reservations about the 30-year-old intelligence operative and pushed for his ouster. 
But Cohen-Watnick appealed McMaster’s decision to two influential allies with whom he had forged a relationship while working on Trump’s transition team — White House advisers Steve Bannon and Jared Kushner. They brought the matter to Trump on Sunday, and the president agreed that Cohen-Watnick should remain as the NSC’s intelligence director, according to two people with knowledge of the episode. 
The incident raises questions about just how much autonomy Trump is giving to McMaster, who was tapped last month as national security adviser amid questions about whether he’d have full staffing authority over the NSC. 
It also highlights ongoing tensions between the CIA and Trump aides who are skeptical of the agency, feeding into concerns expressed by the president and his allies about the intelligence community. 
Trump has questioned the intelligence agencies’ findings that Russia tried to boost his campaign by hacking emails from allies of his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton, and some of his allies have leveled allegations — much derided in the media — that there’s a “deep state” of career intelligence officers who are looking to undermine the new president, and to consolidate their power in the Trump era. 
Cohen-Watnick was brought onto Trump’s transition team and then the NSC by a leading critic of the CIA: retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, who was Cohen-Watnick’s boss at the Defense Intelligence Agency and preceded McMaster as national security adviser. 
Cohen-Watnick and Flynn “saw eye to eye about the failings of the CIA human intelligence operations,” said a Washington consultant who travels in intelligence circles. “The CIA saw him as a threat, so they tried to unseat him and replace him with an agency loyalist,” the operative said. 
Cohen-Watnick, Kushner and Bannon did not respond to requests for comment. The White House press office referred questions to the NSC. Spokesman Michael Anton declined to comment. 
CIA spokesman Dean Boyd said the agency is not focused on NSC personnel issues. 
“Mike Pompeo [the CIA director] is focused completely on ensuring that CIA is doing everything in its power to provide policymakers with the best intelligence possible and to protect the nation against adversaries,” said Boyd. 
Some Trump allies harbor a deep distrust of the agency and see Flynn's ouster as an example of how the CIA is trying to undermine the new administration. 
Flynn resigned under pressure after it was reported last month that he had misled Vice President Mike Pence by telling him that during the transition, he had not discussed U.S. sanctions against Russia with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak. In fact, Kislyak touched on the subject with Flynn in several conversations monitored by U.S. intelligence agencies. The Washington Post cited nine current and former senior officials describing the calls. 
Even before Flynn’s dismissal, one of his top deputies, Robin Townley, a senior director for Africa, was forced out after the CIA rejected his request for the high-level security clearance required for service on the NSC. Some Trump allies contend that the grounds upon which the security clearance was denied were shaky at best, and that the real reason was that Townley was a Flynn loyalist who had voiced skepticism of the CIA’s intelligence-gathering techniques. 
House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, a close Trump ally, has asked the Federal Bureau of Investigation to investigate the leaks of classified information that produced a series of damaging media reports, including the Flynn calls, as well as alleged leaks related to the rejection of Townley’s security clearance. 
In an interview on Fox News last month, Nunes called the leaks “totally unacceptable.” And, he added, “I think most of this is probably from people who were in the old administration, but there still could be some people that have burrowed in and are providing classified information to the media.”



ARTICLE
The White House said on Tuesday that President Donald Trump paid $38 million in federal income taxes in 2005 — on $150 million in earnings — offering a small glimpse at the president’s personal finances, which Trump has so far kept almost entirely private. 
The administration offered those details in a statement after journalist David Cay Johnston published two pages of tax information about the president, apparently from Trump's 2005 return. The revelations were simultaneously broadcast on MSNBC's "The Rachel Maddow" show, which included an interview with Johnston. Based on the information on the two pages, Trump paid an effective tax rate of about 25 percent. 
Story Continued Below
The returns, which POLITICO could not independently confirm, but which the White House appeared to acknowledge were legitimate, also showed Trump wrote off more than $100 million in business losses in 2005. 
“Before being elected President, Mr. Trump was one of the most successful businessmen in the world with a responsibility to his company, his family and his employees to pay no more tax than legally required," The White House said in a statement. "That being said, Mr. Trump paid $38 million dollars even after taking into account large scale depreciation for construction, on an income of more than $150 million dollars, as well as paying tens of millions of dollars in other taxes such as sales and excise taxes and employment taxes and this illegally published return proves just that."
While initially promising to release his returns ahead of the 2016 election, Trump hedged and then resisted repeated calls to do so during the campaign. Trump has argued that his taxes are under audit by the IRS — and said that he would be happy to release them after the audit was complete. There are no IRS rules that prohibit someone from releasing their tax returns publicly while they are under audit. 
By refusing to release his returns, Trump eschewed decade of precedent — every candidate since 1976 had released their returns, when former President Gerald Ford released only summary data. 
The new documents, which were posted online and broadcast on MSNBC, show Trump and his wife Melania paid $5.3 million in standard federal income tax and more than $31 million in the alternative minimum tax. The Alternative Minimum Tax is intended to prevent taxpayers from excessively reducing their tax liabilities by taking many or sizable deductions.
Trump has proposed eliminating the AMT as part of an overhaul of the tax code. 
Johnston is a former reporter for The New York Times who won a Pulitzer prize for his coverage of the tax system. He runs a web site, dcreport.org, which crashed soon after he posted the tax documents. 
The purported tax documents, which were aired live on MSNBC, bore a stamp that read “Client copy.” Johnston said the documents were sent to him, but said he did not know where they came from. At one point, as he spoke to Maddow, Johnston seemed to imply that Trump himself may have sent him the returns. 
"It's entirely possible Donald (Trump) sent this to me," he added. "Donald has a long history of leaking material himself."
In the run up to their publishing, Maddow created an Internet frenzy — hyping them on Twitter and setting off more than an hour of speculation. But the documents, which were incomplete, were short of salacious revelations. 
According to the document, Trump earned about $150 million, including some $32 million in capital gains.
But he reported a $100 million loss he was able to subtract from that. MSNBC only released the first two pages of the return, and it’s impossible to tell from them what produced that loss.
Trump’s adjusted gross income was $48.5 million that year. He took $17 million in itemized deductions against that, though, again, the documents do not detail speifics. Among the likely candidates: a deduction for state and local taxes important to high-tax states like New York.
That left Trump with about $31.5 million in taxable income, and his regular income tax on that was about $5.3 million.
But the alternative minimum tax, which was designed to prevent the wealthy from ducking the tax man, forced Trump to pay an additional $31.2 million in taxes.
“If it weren’t for the AMT, he’d pay a very, very low tax rate,” said Roberton Williams, a fellow at the Tax Policy Center.
Many lawmakers, like Trump, have called for eliminating the AMT, which critics say is overly complicated.
Trump’s son, Donald Trump Jr., seemed to revel in the — in relative terms — mundane nature of the revelations, tweeting: “Thank you Rachel Maddow for proving to your #Trump hating followers how successful @realDonaldTrump is & that he paid $40mm in taxes!”
Still, fresh information on Trump’s taxes has been relatively rare. 
In October, at the height the 2016 presidential campaign, The New York Times obtained and published three pages of Trump’s 1995 state tax returns, which showed he took a deduction of $916 million on losses, which could have allowed him to avoid paying taxes for 18 years. 
While it’s not unusual that Trump would use that tax break, the losses he claimed were so large they amounted to almost 2 percent of all such deductions claimed that year by taxpayers.
In June 2016, POLITICO reported that Trump likely paid no taxes for at least two years in the 1990s. The Washington Post has also previously reported that Trump paid no taxes in 1978 and 1979. 
Tuesday's Trump tax news also shared some details with the earlier Times report: Both of the scoops arrived in the mail.
In the same way New York Times reporter Susanne Craig got her hands on Trumps 1995 tax records In September, Johnston said someone just mailed him Trump's 2005 1040 tax form. 
"It came in the mail over the transom," Johnston said on MSNBC. 
Johnson did not immediately respond to a Twitter message seeking comment to why he chose to break the story on MSBNC. 
Toby Eckert, Hadas Gold, Brian Faler and Cristiano Lima contributed to this report. 



ARTICLE
The Seattle-based federal judge who issued the broadest injunction against President Donald Trump's first travel ban executive order has announced a hearing Wednesday on a request to block the revised directive the president signed last week.
Trump's revised travel ban directive is set to kick in at 12:01 a.m. Eastern time Thursday. It will suspend issuance of visas to citizens of Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen for 90 days and shut down refugee admissions from around the globe for 120 days.
Story Continued Below
U.S. District Court Judge James Robart scheduled a hearing at 5 p.m. Eastern time on a suit brought on behalf of four U.S. citizens or residents and their relatives abroad who contend their access to visas could be disrupted by Trump's new ban.
The private suit is separate from the one brought by Washington and other states, which prompted Robart's injunctions against the original travel ban order. The states have also filed a motion seeking to block Trump's new order, but the judge hasn't indicated yet whether he plans to hold a hearing on that request.
Two other hearings on motions to block Trump's new travel ban order were already scheduled for Wednesday: one at 9:30 a.m. in federal court in Greenbelt, Maryland, and the other at 3:30 p.m. Eastern time in federal court in Honolulu.



ARTICLE
Advocates head to court Wednesday to make last ditch-pleas to head off President Donald Trump's revised travel ban without some of their most potent weapons: scenes of chaos as travelers were detained at airports across the country during Trump's first attempt two months ago.
Apparently by design, Trump's narrowed executive order will have its most major impacts in refugee camps, grim hotels where visa applicants wait for appointments at U.S. embassies and in countries hostile to the U.S. or lacking any functioning government at all.
Story Continued Below
Lawyers pressing the case against the new Trump directive acknowledge the challenge they face in conveying the urgency and immediacy of the threat posed by Trump's redrafted order, set to kick in at 12:01 A.M. Thursday.
"The Trump administration may believe they've written a more palatable ban, but the intent remains the same," said Melissa Keaney of the National Immigration Law Center. "The roll-out may be less rushed or visibly catastrophic than the first one, but allowing more lead time to discriminate doesn't make the discrimination any less harmful or unlawful."
Rolling out the new order without the confusion, delays and deportations that surrounded the first one is clearly a top Trump administration priority — although it is solving a problem that the president has publicly denied exists.
"The roll-out was perfect," Trump told reporters last month last month.
Nevertheless, a senior Department of Homeland Security official pledged last week that the tangible effect of the order in the U.S. will be minimal.
"You should not see any chaos so to speak or alleged chaos at airports," said the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
"I know the government is trying to change that narrative," said Mark Doss of the International Refugee Assistance Project.
With Trump's travel ban order revised to exempt those with the closest ties to the U.S., such as permanent U.S. residents and existing visa-holders, attorneys attacking the new order are training most of their legal fire on Trump's repeated campaign trail pledges to enact a "Muslim ban."
Advocates handling the current flurry of litigation playing out in federal courts in Maryland, Hawaii and Washington state are now focusing their arguments even more sharply on claims that Trump's anti-Muslim rhetoric fatally infects any policy moves he makes to limit migration from countries in the Muslim world.
"No matter how far President Trump tries to run away from his initial statements that this was a ban on Muslims and discrimination against Muslims, he can't erase where this order originated," the American Civil Liberties Union's Cecilia Wang said. "I think the administration has actually proved itself incapable of being trusted to carry out this order in a way that doesn't discriminate on the basis of religion."
In new legal filings, Justice Department lawyers say little to defend or deny Trump's provocative campaign trail statements. Instead, they focus on Trump's broad authority over immigration and national security-and they warn against "judicial psychoanalysis" of the president.
"Using comments by political candidates to question the stated purpose of later action is particularly problematic. Candidates are not government actors, and statements of what they might attempt to achieve if elected…are often simplified and imprecise," Justice attorneys wrote in briefs filed in two of the suits this week.
“As the Supreme Court has made clear, official action must be adjudged by its ‘text, legislative history, and implementation of the statute or comparable official act[ion],’ not through ‘judicial psychoanalysis of a drafter’s heart of hearts.’… Measured against these standards, the Order falls well within the President’s lawful authority,” the briefs argue. 
The Trump administration also argues that the redrafted travel ban order is so different from the “complete shutdown” of Muslim immigration Trump touted during the campaign that the new order can’t be an iteration of that promised policy. 
The “complete shutdown” promise and “other proffered statements reveal nothing about the Order’s aim, because the Order does no such thing,” Justice lawyers wrote. “Far from banning Muslims indefinitely, the Order temporarily suspends the Refugee Program globally, and pauses for 90 days entry from just six countries previously identified as posing particular risks — both subject to religion-neutral exceptions and case-by-case waivers. There is a complete disconnect between plaintiffs’ imputed purpose and the Order’s actual effect.” 
Critics say the halt of refugee admissions worldwide — a feature of both the original order and the revised one — simply shows the length Trump is willing to go to carry out his Muslim ban. 
“This refugee ban is designed to keep Muslims out of the United States and the other refugees that will be kept out are basically collateral damage,” said Mark Hetfield of HIAS, a Jewish refugee aid and resettlement group. For this second go-round, the White House is also offering something it refused to give judges the first time: some insight into the policy process that led to development of the order. 
To be sure, it’s only a glimpse behind the curtain, but in filings in the Hawaii suit, Justice Department attorneys included a two-page letter Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly delivered to Trump last Monday — the same day the president signed the revised order. 
The letter describes urgent national security concerns that Sessions and Kelly argue necessitate a halt in refugee admissions and in travel from certain countries. 
“We believe that it is imperative that we have a temporary pause on the entry of nationals from certain countries to allow this review to take place — a temporary pause that will immediately diminish the risk we face from application of our current vetting and screening programs for individuals seeking entry to the United States,” Sessions and Kelly wrote. 
The two Cabinet officials also alleged some facts the administration is relying on to justify the new directive. “At present, more than 300 persons who came to the United States as refugees are under investigation for potential terrorism-related activities,” Sessions and Kelly wrote. “There are currently approximately 1,000 pending domestic terrorism-related investigations, and it is believed that a majority of those subjects are inspired, at least in part, by ISIS.” 
The claims seem intended to rebut assertions by former national security officials, mostly from the Obama administration, that both travel ban orders were not tailored to any known security threat and are actually more likely to trigger a backlash against Americans. 
Judges may be reluctant to weigh the competing national security claims, but advocates contend the assertions made by Sessions and Kelly — and by Trump himself in a preface to the new order — are misleading and incomplete. 
For one thing, administration officials have declined to comment on how many of the ongoing investigations involve refugees from the six countries targeted in the new order: Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. They’ve also declined to indicate what fraction of the investigations involve recent arrivals versus people who’ve lived in the U.S. for a long time. 
Refugee advocates say they know of only two instances where refugees were convicted of terrorism-related crimes. Neither resulted in any Americans being killed, Hetfield said. 
Curiously, the FBI was not involved in the public roll-out of either of Trump’s travel ban orders and has declined to verify the figures about the investigations it is said to be conducting. 
The State Department also seems to be trying to downplay the impact of the new order. In guidance posted online and submitted to the Hawaii court, officials emphasize that the new travel ban won’t shut down visa appointments the way the last one did and that waivers are available. 
 “We do not plan to cancel any previously scheduled visa appointments,” State’s Q&A posting says. “After the new Executive Order goes into effect, any individual who believes he or she is eligible for a waiver or exemption should apply for a visa and disclose during the visa interview any information that might qualify the individual for a waiver/exemption.” 
The White House has said it is confident the new order will be allowed to take effect, but it’s unclear how much weight to give to that assertion since Trump famously declared on Twitter last month that upholding the original directive “should be EASY D!” 
It proved not to be, with about half a dozen judges entering restraining orders or injunctions against parts of the original directive. A three-judge 9th Circuit appeals court panel refused to disturb the broadest injunction, effectively dooming Trump’s first travel ban foray. 
Still, some conservative legal scholars predict eventual victory for Trump. They say the law is clear that he has the power to select individual countries and suspend immigration from those nations. 
“Presidential power is at its peak when the president acts with the authorization of Congress, and at its lowest ebb when he acts in defiance of Congress,” said Temple University law professor Jan Ting, a top immigration official under President George H.W. Bush. “In this case the president is acting with specific authorization of Congress. End of story.”



ARTICLE
Republicans took careful notes about the mistakes Democrats made as they passed Obamacare in 2010 and exploited them relentlessly to undermine support for the law.
Now that they’re trying to repeal the law, they are walking into some of the same traps. 
Story Continued Below
The Republicans' déjà vu is unfolding in five acts:
1) Making promises they can’t keep
Perhaps no line uttered by Barack Obama created greater backlash than his promise that if Americans liked their health plans they could keep them. (PolitiFact named it the Lie of the Year for 2013.) He also said the law would bring down family premiums by more than $2,500. 
None of those pledges were kept, and Republicans blasted the “broken promises” every chance they got.
But now, Republicans are making far more grandiose claims for their Obamacare replacement bill. 
President Donald Trump said in January that the GOP measure would provide “insurance for everybody,” while HHS Secretary Tom Price vowed last week “nobody will be worse off financially” because of the bill. 
Both promises would be virtually impossible to keep even without 24 million fewer people having insurance, if the CBO projection is correct. That report also identified older people not yet covered by Medicare as particularly vulnerable under the GOP plan. 
Under Obamacare, a 64-year-old making $26,500 per year would pay about $1,700 for the annual premium. Under the GOP plan, that would spike to $14,600.
Trump has made other rhetorical assertions that don't square with the bill. He vowed on the campaign trail that he wouldn’t touch Medicare, Medicaid or Social Security. But the CBO said the Obamacare repeal bill would cut $880 billion from Medicaid — about one-quarter of the program’s funding — as it ends the traditional entitlement in favor of capped payments to the states.
He also promised to eliminate the high deductibles some Obamacare enrollees face. But the CBO concluded that deductibles on average would be higher under the GOP plan than under the Affordable Care Act.
2) Going it alone
Republicans chastised Democrats for enacting Obamacare with only Democratic votes and using a complicated budget procedure to get some of it through the Senate without a filibuster.
But now they’re doing exactly the same thing to repeal the law. No Democrat is expected to support the repeal effort.
“I am beside myself at the hypocrisy of us being lectured — we had days and days of hearings, hours and hours of hearings, lots of amendments, and Mitch McConnell announced we’re ramming this through” if the bill comes to the Senate, said Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-Mo.). “Oh, and by the way, without a single Democratic vote. I think that’s what they lectured us on for seven years: How dangerous it is to do something that’s not bipartisan.”
Even Republican critics of the House bill say GOP leaders aren’t being transparent about the bill.
“This is exactly the type of back-room dealing and rushed process that we criticized Democrats for and it is not what we promised the American people,” said Republican Sen. Mike Lee (R-Utah).
3) Muddy messaging 
In 2010, Democrats kept shifting their pitch on Obamacare from how it would rein in health costs, to how it would extend coverage to millions of uninsured, to how it would stop insurance abuses.
Republicans haven’t provided a cohesive message, either. At Tuesday’s White House briefing, in the course of a few minutes, press secretary Sean Spicer bounced from saying the president’s goal is to provide “health care coverage to every American,” to “make insurance available for everybody.” 
A voter might be forgiven for having a hard time grasping Price’s recent description on "Meet the Press," of a GOP plan “that respects the principles of accessibility for all, affordability for all, quality, and choices for patients, making certain that we, again, have that patient-centered system.”
Like the Democrats, Republicans seem to be trying out different messages — and so far, none have been nearly as potent as their takedowns of Obamacare.
And just as Democrats called the ACA a “starter home” that would be built upon, Republicans are promising that they will expand upon their own health care bill. They’ve referred to it as the first of “three prongs,” to be followed by administrative changes and follow-up legislation that would require 60 votes in the Senate.
“The pain that individuals and families are feeling across the country is palpable,” McConnell said Tuesday. “Republicans have heard their call and we’ve developed a three-pronged approach to stabilize the health care market and help it grow into the future.”
4) Intraparty squabbling
Democrats spent months trying to bring together the liberal wing of the party, intent on creating a public insurance option, and moderates skeptical even of setting up marketplaces and offering insurance subsidies to those eligible. They lost valuable time getting their own members in line (and many more months trying to court Republicans).
A variety of Republicans are unlikely to support the bill in the House, let alone in the Senate, according to Sen. Tom Cotton (R-Ark.), who wants the House to slow down to resolve disagreements.
“They come from all stripes,” Cotton said on the Hugh Hewitt radio show Tuesday. “They’re not just hard-line conservatives. Many of them are centrists, or many of them are just being practical-minded about this bill the way I am.”
To be sure, Democrats eventually came together to pass Obamacare. It’s still unclear whether Republicans will join hands.
5) Underestimating the opposition
Democrats always predicted the public would get on board with Obamacare after Americans began to have firsthand experience of the benefits. Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York, now minority leader, said Democrats would run on their vote in support of the law. Other Democrats repeated the phrase, “good policy is good politics.” They ignored the Republican-led opposition to “government-run health care” although it blindsided them at the polls for several election cycles.
Republicans risk doing the same thing. They argue their voters sent them to Washington to repeal Obamacare. But polls show that support for Obamacare — which was consistently split over the law’s seven years — has risen slightly since the repeal effort began. It remains to be seen whether there will be electoral payback if they pass the repeal measure.



ARTICLE
Monica Crowley, who had been tapped for a national security post in the Trump White House before her appointment was derailed by plagiarism allegations, has found a new job: lobbying for a Ukrainian tycoon.
Crowley registered on Friday to provide "outreach services" on behalf of Victor Pinchuk, a Ukrainian steel magnate who has given millions to the Clinton Foundation and also gave money to Trump's foundation in 2015.
Story Continued Below
Those services "will include inviting government officials and other policy makers to attend conferences and meetings, such as the annual Munich Security Conference, to engage in learning and dialogue regarding issues of concern to Mr. Pinchuk," according to a Justice Department filing.
Crowley is working for the consulting firm of Doug Schoen, a former Bill Clinton adviser who has represented Pinchuk since 2011. Schoen and Crowley know each other from Fox News, where they're both contributors.
"After she left the position she had been appointed to, and only thereafter, I approached her about doing some work for me," Schoen said in an interview. He declined to specify what that work will be.
"She began about a month ago," he said. "We will at the appropriate time file the appropriate registration," which will disclose her work in more detail.
Crowley did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The filing was first spotted by LegiStorm.
Trump tapped Crowley last year to serve as senior director of strategic communications for the National Security Council, working under national security adviser Michael Flynn, who has since resigned. But she backed out less than a week before Trump took office after CNN discovered that she'd plagiarized "large sections" of her 2012 book, "What the (Bleep) Just Happened?" POLITICO Magazine also reported that she'd plagiarized passages in her Columbia University Ph.D. dissertation.
It's unclear whether Crowley was required to sign any of Trump's lobbying bans. While the Trump administration bans former officials from lobbying the agency that employed them for five years and from lobbying for foreign interests for life, the Trump transition's lobbying ban lasts just six months. Schoen said he didn't know whether Crowley had signed anything during the transition.
Pinchuk, the son-in-law of the former Ukrainian president Leonid Kuchma and one of the country's richest men, has had close ties to the Clintons for years. He has given $10 million to $25 million to their foundation, according to The New York Times, and once loaned the family his private plane. He was also a guest at Bill Clinton's 65th birthday party in 2011.
But Pinchuk was also the second-largest donor to Trump's foundation in 2015, giving $150,000. Schoen told The Times in an email at the time that the gift was “in support of an apearance [Trump] did by video link at a conference Mr. Pinchuk’s foundation organizes every year in September in Kiev, Ukraine.”
Trump lavished praise on Pinchuk when he spoke at the conference in 2015.
“Viktor, by the way, is a very, very special man, a special entrepreneur,” Trump said in his remarks. “When he was up seeing me I said, 'I think I can learn more from you than you can learn from me.'”



ARTICLE
The White House and Republicans from Capitol Hill are trying to minimize the fallout from the Congressional Budget Office’s harsh report on the GOP health plan, insisting they’re still full-steam ahead on scrapping and replacing Obamacare.
Office of Management and Budget director Mick Mulvaney fanned out on the airwaves, even as much of Washington was coping with an icy sludge, to push back against the report that predicted 24 million people would lose their health insurance under the Republican leadership-backed American Health Care Act. 
Story Continued Below
“I don't believe the facts are correct,” Mulvaney said on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe.” “I'm not just saying that because it looks bad for my political position. I say that based upon a track record of the CBO being wrong before and we believe the CBO is wrong now.”
Mulvaney, who joked with a snow-covered Capitol behind him that he was “happy to be here on a beautiful, warm, sunny day according to the Congressional Budget Office,” suggested that the CBO was out of its depth in predicting the health insurance markets and pointed to three-year-old Obamacare projections for this year that badly missed as proof.
While the CBO is “good at counting money, in and out, numbers, taxes, policies and so forth,” calculating how many individuals a piece of legislation will add or subtract from the insurance rolls is not its strong suit. “It's really, really hard to do this. We don't even try to do this at the OMB,” Mulvaney said. “That's how difficult it is.”
Mulvaney’s comments on the CBO seemed an effort at reinforcing the preemptive warnings from the repeal-and-replace legislation’s backers. House Speaker Paul Ryan said last week that he had warned Republican members of Congress to “get ready” for a bad CBO score because “we always know you’re never going to win a coverage beauty contest when it’s free market versus government mandates.”
And White House press secretary Sean Spicer sought to get out ahead of the impending CBO score at a press briefing last week, when he told reporters that “if you're looking to the CBO for accuracy, you're looking in the wrong place.”
Further muddying the waters of the CBO projection is the three-step procedure that Republicans have laid out for the repeal-and-replace process, House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) said Tuesday morning. The American Health Care Act, which can circumvent a Democratic filibuster in the Senate via a process called reconciliation, is only step one, McCarthy said in an interview on Fox News, meaning the CBO score does not take into account the totality of the GOP healthcare plan.
While Republicans sought to push back against the CBO figure, Democrats in Congress seized on the report Tuesday to further accuse Republicans of attacking the poor and senior citizens to give the rich a tax cut.
At a press conference Tuesday morning, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi described the bill as "very, very troubling" and "very, very cruel.” Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer declared the CBO score "surprisingly scathing."
"Trumpcare is a wreck, and we all knew that before the Congressional Budget Office released its surprisingly scathing score last night," Schumer said. "The Republicans' own hand-picked CBO director confirmed what Democrats have said all along. Trumpcare would be a nightmare for the American people, causing tens of millions to lose coverage."
Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers (R-Wash.), the House Republican Conference’s chairwoman, was more forgiving to the CBO than some of her GOP colleagues in an interview with Hugh Hewitt, telling the conservative radio host that the score is “an indicator” that “we take very seriously. The CBO’s report is not all bad, she noted, pointing to its assessment that premiums and taxes will go down under the GOP proposal.
But McMorris Rodgers also told Hewitt that “we take issue with some of their projections.”
In a separate interview with Hewitt, Sen. Tom Cotton (R-Ark.), a critic of the legislation making its way through the House, said the CBO report “provides useful information” but cautioned that “the CBO director is not Moses. He’s not walking down from the mountaintop with stone tablets. And we should evaluate that useful information with a critical eye.”
Like McCarthy, Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price blamed the CBO score on the fact that it examined only one portion of the larger GOP plan. A more full analysis of the American Health Care Act will paint a rosier picture of the legislation’s true impact, he said.
“If you look at our entire package that the CBO didn’t look at -- not because they’re bad folks, that’s the way the rules work -- they didn’t look at all the regulations that we believe ought to go away,” Price said. “They didn’t look at purchase across state lines or medical malpractice reform or all those things that, in their totality, create a system that actually works better for the American people.”
Madeline Conway contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
Former President Barack Obama was spotted in Hawaii on Monday.
The Honolulu Star-Advertiser reports that the former president, who sometimes vacationed in Hawaii while he was still in the White House, ate dinner on Monday night at the restaurant Buzz’s Lanikai.
Story Continued Below
The newspaper reports that the former president, who was born in Hawaii, had met with executives in the tech industry earlier Monday in San Jose, California.
Since he left office, Obama has spent some time on vacation while he plans his next steps in his post-presidency, such as work on an upcoming book and his presidential library and foundation.
CORRECTION: An earlier version of this story mistakenly stated that Michelle Obama had also been spotted in Hawaii.



ARTICLE
Republican-backed legislation intended to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act could prove “devastating” for state governments, New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said Tuesday morning, especially if cuts to Medicaid funding are severe.
Among other provisions, the GOP leadership-backed American Health Care Act includes a gradual decrease in funding for Medicaid as well as a program that would block-grant that funding from the federal government to the states.
Story Continued Below
But even among GOP legislators on Capitol Hill, the proposed legislation’s cuts to Medicaid have already proven controversial and already a handful of senators, among them Sens. Lisa Murkowski (R-Alaska) and Rob Portman (R-Ohio), have said they cannot support the bill because of the cuts. Governors from both parties have fretted as well, concerned that expanded Medicaid funding from the Affordable Care Act will be taken away.
“Obviously the consequences for a state like New York could be devastating, depending what they do. We have three million people who are insured under Obamacare. What are you going to do with the three million people?” Cuomo, a Democrat, said from the snow-covered streets of New York during a Tuesday interview on “Morning Joe.” “They talk about block grants, turning it over to the state. That sounds great. The question is, when they block-grant it, do they actually transfer the money? You remember the old experience passing the buck without passing the bucks.”
The New York governor said he has no backup plan for a dramatic decrease to his state’s Medicaid budget, cuts that he said could amount to as much as $3 billion. Such a change in funding “would wreak havoc in this state.”
“I get the political appeal of repeal Obamacare, but, you know, be careful what you ask for. And a little bit, I think this is the dog that chases the car. What are they going to do?” he said. “I just did my budget. I said, look, I don't have a contingency plan. Because I don't know what they are going to do. And frankly, they could take an action for which there is no contingency plan.”



ARTICLE
Democrats can’t seem to land a punch on Neil Gorsuch — and it’s not even clear they want to. 
President Donald Trump’s Supreme Court nominee has breezed through more than 70 meetings with senators. Opponents who’ve scoured his record have found little to latch onto. And some Democrats are privately beginning to believe that Gorsuch — barring a blunder at his Senate confirmation hearings next week — will clinch the 60 votes he needs to be approved without a filibuster. 
Story Continued Below
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer of New York has been taking the temperature of the Senate Democratic Caucus but hasn’t begun whipping hard against Gorsuch, sources familiar with the matter said. 
Indeed, despite anger from the Democratic base that senators have cowered from a fight against Trump’s high court pick, the sole strategic decision the Democratic Caucus has made about Gorsuch ahead of his confirmation hearings is to make no decision at all. 
“The only thing we’ve decided as a caucus is to ask members not to make any public commitments until the hearing phase is finished,” Senate Minority Whip Dick Durbin (D-Ill.) said. 
Some embrace the tactics advocated by Sen. Jeff Merkley (D-Ore.) to wage a filibuster and bait Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell into trying to change Senate rules. The gamble would be that the Kentucky Republican doesn’t have the votes — or, if he does, that Democrats will win the next presidential election in 2020 and ultimately benefit from the new rules. 
Or Democrats could wave Gorsuch through, reasoning that confirming him won’t change the balance of the court — but the next vacancy would, and they’d be left without a 60-vote threshold as a weapon. 
“I think every nominee is important, but I know that many of my colleagues are thinking about" that dynamic, Sen. Bob Menendez (D-N.J.) said in an interview. “When is it that they fall on the sword? Is it on this one or the next one? And I’m not coming at it from that approach."
Exacerbating the indecision is the fact that a handful of Democrats facing tough reelection bids next year may face political retribution from the right or left, no matter how they vote on Gorsuch. The competing impulses have produced a public posture of apparent ambivalence and, according to one Democratic senator, a feeling that “there is no caucus strategy.” 
It was really only last week — when a trio of liberal senators held a news conference to denounce what they called Gorsuch’s “anti-worker, pro-corporate” record — that some Senate Democrats began criticizing the judge’s credentials. 
“There’s a fierce urgency at the grass roots that is not being echoed by the Senate Democrats,” said Ben Wikler, the Washington director for MoveOn, which joined 10 other groups in a letter urging Senate Democrats to, essentially, step it up. “The notion that Democrats should wait until after the hearings to speak their mind is a strategy to win a race by running hard in the last 30 seconds.” 
Gorsuch has been studying up for his confirmation hearings before the Judiciary Committee, which are scheduled to begin Monday and are expected to last several days. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is aiming to hold a floor vote before the Senate leaves for its Easter recess, currently set to begin April 8. 
Senate Democrats acknowledge the pressure from their base. But key influential players in the Gorsuch fight say it’s not their role to automatically reject the nominee. 
“Our job is to put together the hearing,” said California Sen. Dianne Feinstein, the top Democrat on the Judiciary Committee. “Why have a hearing if everybody is going to take a position? … So to be talking about whether I’m for or against at this stage makes no sense at all to me because it’s uninformed.” 
North Dakota Sen. Heidi Heitkamp, a red-state Democrat up for reelection who’s under heavy pressure from conservatives and liberals on the Supreme Court decision, stressed that “we should be open to supporting any nominee.” As for liberals calling on her to oppose Gorsuch, she said: “I get pressure from the left all the time. I wasn’t sent here to respond to pressure.” 
Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia, who’s in the same political predicament as Heitkamp, added that he is “truly and totally concerned” that a Democratic filibuster would prompt Republicans to do away with the 60-vote threshold for Supreme Court nominees. He is the only remaining Democrat to vote against the party’s rules change in 2013. 
“You need nine members. It doesn’t work with eight,” Manchin said of the Supreme Court and Democrats who would deny Gorsuch a seat. “I understand the Democrats being so upset. I understand it. … That doesn’t make it right to go along with eight. If you think [Republicans] are going to give you a center-left [judge], they’re not! Come to grips with it.” 
Menendez warned that the stance from outside groups for Democrats to be “reflexively no” on Gorsuch “works to put at risk the Republicans moving to change the rules and go to a simple 51” votes to confirm Supreme Court nominees. 
“Then it doesn’t matter what I think about the judge, right?” he added. 
Republicans are more confident than ever that Gorsuch will be confirmed. Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley said Republicans wouldn’t allow senators to leave for Easter recess until he is — even if that means staying into the weekend or the following week. 
“I assume he will not get a majority of Democrats,” the Iowa senator said. “But I’m counting on him getting some Democrats based on the fact that people like [Harvard law professors Laurence] Tribe and [Alan] Dershowitz and [Obama acting Solicitor General Neal] Katyal, that they’re saying good things about him.” 
Grassley added that his committee staff is preparing a list of outside witnesses to testify in Gorsuch’s favor who “might surprise you.” 
Democrats, too, may be more ready to fight by then. Preoccupied by the battle over repealing Obamacare and the brewing controversy over Russia’s meddling in the election, Democrats say they’re just getting started on Gorsuch. 
“We’re strategizing,” Schumer insisted. “We’re just not telling you.” 



ARTICLE
A White House analysis of the GOP plan to repeal and replace Obamacare shows even steeper coverage losses than the projections by the Congressional Budget Office, according to a document viewed by POLITICO on Monday.
The preliminary analysis from the Office of Management and Budget forecast that 26 million people would lose coverage over the next decade, versus the 24 million CBO estimates. The White House has made efforts to discredit the forecasts from the nonpartisan CBO.
Story Continued Below
White House officials late Monday night disputed that the document is an analysis of the bill’s coverage effects. Instead, they say it was an attempt by the OMB to predict what CBO’s scorekeepers would conclude about the GOP repeal plan. 
“This is not an analysis of the bill in any way whatsoever,” White House Communications Director Michael Dubke told POLITICO. “This is OMB trying to project what CBO’s score will be using CBO’s methodology.” 
According to documents viewed by POLITICO, the OMB analysis intended to assess the coverage and spending outcomes of the legislation. 
The analysis found that under the American Health Care Act, the coverage losses would include 17 million for Medicaid, 6 million in the individual market and 3 million in employer-based plans. 
A total of 54 million individuals would be uninsured in 2026 under the GOP plan, according to this White House analysis. That’s nearly double the number projected under current law. 
The White House and congressional Republicans have aggressively sought to undercut the CBO projection by pointing to how far off its coverage estimates for the Affordable Care Act ultimately proved. The nonpartisan budget office predicted that 21 million individuals would gain coverage through the exchange markets in 2016, but only about half that many actually enrolled. 
Last week, several Republican senators, expressing doubt about CBO estimates, said OMB was expected to issue its own estimates of the plan.
“We disagree strenuously with the report that was put out,” Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price told reporters Monday about the CBO after leaving a Cabinet meeting with President Donald Trump at the White House. “It’s just not believable is what we would suggest.” Price, while serving as the House Budget Committee chairman, had a role in appointing the current head of the CBO, a conservative economist.
The House bill was already under attack from very conservative members who wanted it to go further as well as moderates worried about coverage erosion, particularly in Medicaid. The CBO number made the task of passing it even more challenging.
Josh Dawsey contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump's White House is increasingly likely to support some conservative-backed changes to the House Obamacare alternative, two administration officials said Monday — a move that comes after a nonpartisan budgetary analysis showed 24 million people could lose insurance under the bill.
One senior administration official, speaking on the condition of anonymity to describe internal discussions, said the White House is weighing ideas for a "significant" manager's amendment to the bill before it hits the House floor next week. Officials would like the changes — which would likely be offered in the House Rules Committee — to appease some conservatives. 
Story Continued Below
Possible modifications being considered include phasing out the Medicaid expansion quicker, from the current Dec. 31, 2019 date to the beginning of 2018, and moving changes supposed to occur in the insurance market from 2020 to 2018. 
"I think the changes that the conservatives want are more and more likely,” said a second White House official. 
Meanwhile, White House officials have called a number of conservative groups that oppose the current plan and "promised flexibility," several people familiar with the calls said. Several conservative lawmakers also characterized the conversations as positive.
"I think we are having very meaningful conversations that will lead to action," said Rep. Mark Sanford, a South Carolina Republican and member of the House Freedom Caucus, who is seeking changes. "My sense is there is a willingness to incorporate."
Chief strategist Stephen Bannon over the weekend spoke privately with Rep. Mark Meadows, the North Carolina Republican who heads the influential Freedom Caucus. The group of conservative agitators opposes the current bill, but sources said the two are trying to find a way Trump could win conservative support for the legislation. A number of other White House officials also spoke to Meadows, administration officials said. 
Both Bannon and Meadows declined to comment on their ongoing conversations. 
The move toward the far right comes at an odd time: The Congressional Budget Office on Monday predicted that as many 24 million people would lose insurance by 2026 under the plan — a number that’s likely to spook moderates and centrist Republicans who want the bill to move toward the center. 
The White House, however, has made a calculation that they need to beef up conservative support for the plan, a decision that comes about a week after conservative lawmakers and outside groups bashed the House plan as “Obamacare lite.” White House officials said they increasingly felt pressured because of the need to cross their immediate political hurdle — the House of Representatives. They want to make sure the bill gets through the House floor, aware that a political setback there could doom the measure before it ever gets a chance to build any momentum. Then, they will turn to negotiations with senators, who likely won't like some of the House changes, but they can cross that bridge "when we get to it," one person said.
"We have to get to the bridge first," this official added. 
It's unclear what exactly the olive branch offered by Trump, who can send aides scrambling with a change-of-heart based on a conversation or a news media report, will look like. In addition to Medicaid changes, some White House officials are also pushing for the inclusion of provisions making it easier to buy health care across state lines. Senate budget rules, however, bar the upper chamber from including on a fast-tracked bill any provisions that don't have a significant budgetary effect. 
Rep. Dave Brat on Monday told POLITICO conservatives were asking the White House to back these kinds of free-market provisions. The Virginia Republican said the Freedom Caucus is also encouraging Trump officials to press for provisions that would enact into law any deregulations Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price plans to make administratively for the insurance market.
“Trump ran on this competition across state lines, bringing the price down, and so, that is the huge piece that, I think, if we can get that in the bill, then I think we can make some progress and I think get a lot of people to yes,” Brat said. 
So while GOP leaders, including Speaker Paul Ryan, adamantly support the idea of allowing people to purchase insurance across state lines, they don’t think it can be included on the replacement bill under Senate rules.
Conservatives are unlikely to get everything they want, however: Two officials, along with others briefed on the plan on Capitol Hill, said the White House is not wavering on supporting tax credits for people to buy insurance — even though conservatives had panned them as a new “entitlement program.” 
The manager's amendments are likely to bring additional savings, according to the White House officials, and would help the plan get through the House, where the Freedom Caucus has lined up opposition against the plan. But it would likely make passage in the Senate more difficult, several Capitol Hill officials said. That’s because many Senate Republicans — and more than a few House GOP lawmakers — hail from states that took the Medicaid expansion, and they’re unlikely to support a quick phase-out of the expanded program. 
"The problem with that is you've got a lot of our members in the more blue states that accepted the expansion,” said Trump Hill ally Rep. Chris Collins (R-N.Y.). "It puts a lot more pressure on the states for costs."
Collins said the White House is "very open" to amendments, and he's looking to make one himself that involves New York. 
Concessions to the right mark a major change from the White House’s positioning over the past week. After Ryan introduced the last bill Monday, Trump backed it in it’s original form, calling it “great” on Twitter. He promised two dozen House GOP whips that he’d do anything in his power to get them the votes for passage. And soon after, he began tweeting at bill critic Senator Rand Paul that he "will come along with the new and great health care program.” He also spent the past week trying to woo members of the caucus with lunches and phone calls. And counselor to the president Kellyanne Conway told private groups that the time for negotiation and new ideas was all but over. 
Now, however, some top White House officials feel they need to offer something to the far-right to alleviate their concerns. Those officials say they hope Ryan's team understands the changes could bring votes. 
It is unclear how House GOP leadership will react to a push by the administration to phase-out Medicaid sooner. Ryan, who crafted and is shepherding the legislation, has found himself in difficult position trying to balance conservatives' vocal demands and the private worries from centrist Republicans who fear a political blow-back.
Leadership sources, however, have not ruled out changes to the bill altogether, and many senior House GOP sources believe there might be a manager's amendment. But they have to ensure the changes will get several conservatives to “yes” if it’s actually made, while maintaining moderate Republican support. They can only afford to lose 21 Republican votes.
"Nobody likes the bill. I don't like it either. That's why I think it's so good. The far left doesn't like it. The far right doesn't like it. The middle doesn't like it. It's called compromise," said Collins, the New York Republican. "I think that's what makes it a good compromise."



ARTICLE
The State Department budget won’t be getting cut as deeply as President Donald Trump initially suggested after Secretary of State Rex Tillerson successfully pushed back with the White House, according to people familiar with the plans.
The budget blueprint expected later this week will still trim funding for both the State Department and the U.S. Agency for International Development next year, but by less than the 37 percent initially floated in preliminary documents sent out by the White House in late February. 
Story Continued Below
The budget revision is expected to include “staged cuts” spread out over several years, instead of the immediate hit, according to a senior administration official, who said that the White House is giving Tillerson time “to do a deeper analysis on foreign aid.”
Tillerson and his top aides are assessing how to restructure the State Department, another person with knowledge of the discussions said, and is willing to take a “significant” cut to the department's budget. 
Tillerson wouldn’t agree to a 37 percent cut in the next fiscal year because he wants to decide how the cuts are made, this person said, focusing on departments, offices and issues that he doesn't think are important. 
In the last week, Tillerson’s met twice with Trump, once over lunch and once in the Oval Office, and he’s scheduled to have dinner with Trump on Monday along with new National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster. Including Monday’s dinner, Tillerson and Trump will have met six times in the last three weeks.
It wasn’t clear exactly how much the upcoming budget proposal would slash State Department funding right away, or if the staged cuts would eventually add up to 37 percent from this year.
Tillerson expects to develop a plan for how he sees the State Department in the next six to 12 months, the second person familiar with the budget discussions said, “and you can expect the department to look pretty different.”
The State Department and USAID budget request for the 2017 fiscal year was about $50 billion, part of a broader $58.8 billion “international affairs budget.” That’s still a fraction of the $3 trillion-plus federal budget. 
The State Department declined to answer specific questions about expected cuts.
“We are working with the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) to review FY 2018 budget priorities for the Department of State and USAID. We remain committed to a U.S. foreign policy that advances the security and prosperity of the American people,” a State Department spokesperson said, adding. “The State Department and USAID continue to work on behalf of the American people to advance our national security, diplomacy, and development objectives.” 
Presidential budgets are offered as suggestions, and it’s up to Congress to decide where to set spending levels. But the proposed cuts gave a window in the president’s thinking about which programs are most important. The initial proposals included a $54 billion increase in military spending. 
The cuts to State have been opposed by more than 120 retired generals and admirals, who sent a letter to congressional leaders urging them not to dial back American spending on diplomacy and development aid. The letter cited comments by Gen. James Mattis, now Trump’s secretary of defense, who said in 2013, “If you don’t fund the State Department fully, then I need to buy more ammunition.”
“Now is not the time to retreat,” the letter said. 
Republicans on Capitol Hill gave the initial proposed cuts to State a chilly reception. 
Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., said it was “dead on arrival” and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said it would “probably not” clear the Senate.
Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, a Republican, wrote on Twitter at the time: “Foreign Aid is not charity. We must make sure it is well spent, but it is less than 1% of budget & critical to our national security.”



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump’s revised travel ban is under fire in courtrooms across the country as states and advocacy groups press judges to block key provisions of the new executive order — before it kicks in just after midnight Thursday. 
Seven states are now involved in a lawsuit asking the Seattle-based federal judge who imposed the broadest injunction on Trump’s original travel ban to extend his ruling to cover parts of the president’s revised directive, signed March 6. 
Story Continued Below
"Injunctions are not suggestions. When a court enjoins a defendant from enforcing policies, the defendant cannot evade the injunction by announcing that it will continue only some of the illegal policies. Yet that is what defendants attempt here," Washington State Attorney General Bob Ferguson argued in a new motion filed Monday. "The Court should reject this attempt to evade its authority and should exercise its broad power to enforce its injunction."
Washington state has been joined by Maryland, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Oregon, New York and now California in the case before U.S. District Court Judge James Robart. The states asked Robart to schedule a hearing for Tuesday on their emergency motion. However, he gave the Justice Department until Tuesday evening to respond, leaving open the question of when and whether a hearing will be held. 
Other federal judges, in Hawaii and Maryland, have set hearings for Wednesday on separate requests to head off Trump’s new order, which suspends refugee admissions and blocks issuance of new visas to citizens of six Muslim-majority countries: Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The redrafted order exempts existing visa holders and removes Iraq from the list of nations whose citizens are subject to the travel ban. 
Meanwhile, the Trump administration put forward some new evidence Monday of the way the second travel ban order was developed.
In filings opposing the Hawaii suit, Justice Department attorneys included a two-page letter Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly delivered to Trump last Monday — the same day he signed the revised order. The letter, which appears to have been drafted to address judges' stated concerns about the process that led to the first order, describes urgent national security concerns that Sessions and Kelly argue necessitate a halt in refugee admissions and in travel from certain countries.
“We believe that it is imperative that we have a temporary pause on the entry of nationals from certain countries to allow this review to take place — a temporary pause that will immediately diminish the risk we face from application of our current vetting and screening programs for individuals seeking entry to the United States,” Sessions and Kelly wrote. 
Asserting that the U.S. is expending “enormous manpower and resources” on investigations of potential terrorists, the two Cabinet officials also offered some factual claims the administration has rolled out to support Trump’s actions. 
“At present, more than 300 persons who came to the United States as refugees are under investigation for potential terrorism-related activities,” Sessions and Kelly wrote. “There are currently approximately 1,000 pending domestic terrorism-related investigations, and it is believed that a majority of those subjects are inspired, at least in part, by ISIS.” 
The Cabinet officials’ letter acknowledges that those probes “involve individuals from countries around the world.” Administration officials have declined to comment on how many of those probes involve refugees from the six targeted countries. They’ve also declined to indicate whether the cases involve individuals who have been in the U.S. for years or migrated only recently. 
An FBI spokeswoman declined to comment on or confirm the numbers in the newly released letter. 
However, FBI Director James Comey has offered somewhat differently framed versions of those statistics. Speaking to reporters last May, Comey seemed to peg the number of suspected homegrown extremists at more than 1,000, although he suggested that number included cases viewed as serious and others where the indication of potential trouble was more speculative. 
“We have north of a thousand cases where we’re trying to evaluate where somebody is on the spectrum of consuming [social media] to acting. That number continues to tick up slowly,” the FBI director said. 
In addition, federal statistics for terrorism-related investigations often include investigations of U.S. fundraising for groups overseas designated as terrorist organizations, regardless of whether those organizations are plotting attacks on U.S. soil. 
While the letter discusses visa issuance and screening processes, as well as the lack of “significant diplomatic presence” in certain countries targeted in the travel ban, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson did not sign the letter. He did appear before reporters to tout the new travel ban just after Trump signed it last week. Tillerson was flanked at that event by Sessions and Kelly. 
The State Department did not immediately respond to queries about why Tillerson didn’t sign the letter, which also served as a rebuttal of sorts to former national security officials who said they were not aware of any national security threats that the first or subsequent Trump directives were well-suited to address. 
The Trump administration came out on top Monday in one aspect of the travel ban litigation: a scheduling fight over an injunction request filed in Virginia by the Council on American-Islamic Relations on behalf of more than two dozen Muslim Americans and U.S. residents. Attorney Gadeir Abbas asked Alexandria-based U.S. District Court Judge Anthony Trenga to set a hearing Wednesday on that request, but the judge sided with the government and set the session for next week instead. 
Justice Department lawyers invoked the expected East Coast snowstorm as a reason for putting off the requested Wednesday sessions. 
“Preparing a reasoned and comprehensive response to a lengthy complaint and motion within the timetable proposed by plaintiffs would be unreasonable,” Justice Department attorneys wrote. “This unreasonability is compounded by the forecast for inclement weather, including snow and possible power outages, in both this District and Washington, D.C., over the next 36 hours.” 



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump has already faced down North Korea over a missile launch and congressional Republicans bickering over an Obamacare repeal.
Now comes his first big snow test.
Story Continued Below
A major late-winter storm bearing down on Washington and the wider region forced Trump on Monday to shift course from his top legislative priority on health care, to hold briefings on the threatening weather forecast. 
Dealing with inclement weather is often associated with local mayors and governors, but presidents can find themselves in the political crosshairs if they poorly manage the federal response. President George W. Bush’s second term took a big hit over Hurricane Katrina, while President Barack Obama got a big boost from the timing of Superstorm Sandy just days before his 2012 re-election.
Of course, Obama also famously upset his newly adopted hometown just days after his 2009 inauguration when he bemoaned his daughter’s school being closed for the weather. “Because of what? Some ice?... We’re going to have to apply some flinty Chicago toughness to this town,” Obama said.
For Trump, an oncoming storm that could bring upwards of a foot of snow — or, this being Washington, D.C., very little — presents him with his first big opportunity to showcase his disaster management skills. If the Office of Personnel Management shutters the government before a noticeable amount of snow has fallen, he could be accused of panicking. Act too late and the Washington region could be in for a major traffic snarl.
On Monday, Trump started jumping into action. He met with his homeland security adviser and the acting FEMA administrator to hear about the federal government’s storm preparations and he directed his inter-government affairs staff to maintain contact with the governors and mayors preparing for the storm, White House press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters during his Monday daily briefing.
“He has directed his acting FEMA administrator to lean forward and be prepared to help states should they require federal assistance,” Spicer added.
Trump echoed Spicer's comments later Monday afternoon in remarks at the start of a meeting with his Cabinet, assuring reporters that the government is in "very good shape" and ready to respond.
"FEMA and the federal government are ready to assist," Trump said. "They are literally waiting by the phones and ready to go. Everyone should listen to their state and local officials, who will be providing regular storm updates."
The president added that he hopes the storm will turn out to be less severe than predicted.
"The entire northeast, it seems, is under a very severe winter storm warning, so let's hope it's not going to be as bad as some people are predicting," Trump said. "Usually it isn't."
There’s already been one casualty from the winter storm — German Chancellor Angela Merkel’s scheduled Tuesday visit with Trump at the White House. The meeting has been postponed until Friday.
Trump’s government has also started to move. An OPM spokesman said the office has been monitoring the snow forecast since last week in coordination with the National Weather Service. On Monday, OPM reposted a video presentation explaining the process for dismissing or shuttering the government in the event of inclement weather.
Such a decision won’t be made until late Monday or early Tuesday morning — 4 a.m. at the latest — based on discussions with more than 200 partners across the region, from governors and mayors to local schools, airports and public transit, the officials explained.
“We’ll make it as early as we can the night before if we can, but it really depends on the particulars of each storm,” Dean Hunter, the director of OPM’s facilities, security and emergency management, said in the video.
Some of Trump’s critics are already bracing for Trump to mangle something with the storm, possibly through his Twitter feed.
“I’m never going to rule out Donald Trump making a controversy about something that doesn’t need to be,” said Michael Czin, a former spokesman for Washington D.C. Mayor Muriel Bowser and the Democratic National Committee.
How Trump’s government even handles the snow could be the source of controversy. Back in 2015, Trump told the Boston Globe he was no fan of using salt to prepare for storms and even explained why he had banned it across his company because it was “devastating” to steel, concrete and asphalt.
“Whenever I see snow, I see cities pouring salt all over the city,” Trump said in the wide-ranging 2015 interview. “It’s like hiring Rosie O’Donnell on The View – short term pleasure but long term disaster.”
“It corrodes everything,” Trump added. “One of the reasons our infrastructure is so bad is they use salt on the roads. … I’ve forbidden salt at all of my properties. I have many long driveways. I won’t let them use salt.”
The White House and General Services Administration did not respond to a request for comment on whether the Trump Organization’s snow policy had made its way to Trump’s federal government. As of Monday early evening, there were no signs of salt on the secure grounds near the West Wing and press room.
At the National Park Service, spokesman Ethan Alpern told POLITICO in an email that the parks in the Washington D.C. region were pre-treated ahead of the storm. “Salt is one of several types of materials we use to treat the roads, but that depends on the condition of each road,” he said.



ARTICLE
The Congressional Budget Office is expected to release its cost and coverage estimate on the House GOP's Obamacare repeal bill at 4 p.m. on Monday, according to two congressional sources. 
The CBO score is widely expected to show that the Obamacare repeal bill would cover fewer people than the Affordable Care Act did, and the White House is also concerned about the cost implications.
Story Continued Below
The administration has criticized the office in advance of the score being released, amid fears a bad score could damage the plan. 



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump should be taken literally and seriously, but only “if he's not joking,” White House press secretary Sean Spicer explained Monday.
Spicer did not say how to tell what is and isn't a joke.
Story Continued Below
During a daily briefing in which he tried to parse, interpret and explain several of Trump's recent tweets and statements, Spicer at first evaded a reporter's question—perhaps the central question facing the new administration—about whether the public can trust what the president says, given his habit of making controversial accusations without any evidence, selectively recognizing government data and news reports that boost him, and broadly dismissing all that do not.
The president's penchant for making extraordinary claims risks limiting his credibility on matters foreign and domestic. With Trump just beginning his first major legislative lift, an Obamacare repeal-and-replace bill, his words have a tangible effect—on a skeptical public and on Republicans on Capitol Hill and outside stakeholders invested in the lawmaking process but struggling to decode often contradictory messages. 
Monday's question, posed by NBC's Peter Alexander, arose from the administration's dismissal of the Congressional Budget Office’s January report estimating that millions of Americans stand to lose healthcare coverage under the GOP's prior Obamacare repeal plan—and from Spicer's own acknowledgement last Friday that Trump’s willingness to accept the government's economic data is political.
Spicer’s response, which followed a question as to why the president now accepts monthly job growth figures that he routinely dismissed during Barack Obama’s presidency, was partially obscured by a moment of levity. “I talked to the president prior to this,” Spicer told reporters at Friday's briefing. "And he said to quote him very clearly: ‘They may have been phony in the past, but it's very real now.’”
Some reporters laughed. 
Alexander, however, was determined to return to the statement on Monday and began by asking: “When should Americans trust the president? Should they trust the president? Is it phony or real when he says that [he] was wiretapped?” 
Spicer focused on only the last question about Trump’s March 4 tweets accusing Obama of wiretapping him in a “Nixon/Watergate” scheme — which the White House has been unable to prove with any evidence — by conceding, for the first time, that the president hadn’t meant his words to be entirely taken literally.
“He doesn’t really think that President Obama went up and tapped his phone personally,” Spicer said.
When Alexander asked Spicer why Trump was willing to trust the CBO’s projections about Obamacare three years ago but no longer trusts its forecasts pertaining to the GOP replacement bill the White House supports, the press secretary defended the president’s position without commenting on the inherent conflict.
After another lengthy back and forth, Alexander crystallized his question in a way Spicer could no longer dodge.
“The bottom line is—the question that you still have not answered is—can you say affirmatively that whenever the president says something, we can trust it be real?” Alexander asked.
“If he’s not joking, of course,” Spicer said. “Every time that he speaks authoritatively, he’s speaking as president of the United States.”
Alexander countered another controversial and unfounded claim the president has made about voter fraud: “When he says 3 to 5 million Americans voted illegally, was he joking or does he believe that?” 
 “Yes, and he still believes that,” Spicer said. “He does believe it.”
On Monday, two hours after the briefing ended, the CBO released its score of the GOP Obamacare repeal bill, projecting that 24 million Americans would lose their health insurance by the year 2026 if the legislation were enacted.
At the briefing, Spicer attempted to preemptively question the accuracy of CBO projections. “The last time they did this, they were wildly off,” he said.



ARTICLE
White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Monday that President Donald Trump “doesn’t really think” that Barack Obama “tapped his phone personally,” seeming to walk back Trump’s explosive and unsubstantiated claim that his predecessor ordered an illegal wiretap of Trump Tower.
“He doesn't really think that President Obama went up and tapped his phone personally,” Spicer told reporters at the afternoon press briefing. 
Story Continued Below
Spicer tried to argue that Trump had accused the Obama administration of general “surveillance” activities, and not a literal wiretap, even though Trump himself had use the term “wire tapping” in one of several tweets making the claim without evidence on March 4. Spicer claimed that the fact that Trump put quotation marks around the words “wire tapping” in one tweet was proof that he was not speaking literally.
“I think there is no question that the Obama administration, that there were actions about surveillance and other activities that occurred in the 2016 election. That is a widely-reported activity that occurred back then,” Spicer said. “The president used the word wiretap in quotes to mean broadly surveillance and other activities during that.”
He added: “It is interesting how many news outlets reported that this activity was taking place during the 2016 election cycle, and now we're wondering where the proof is. It is many of the same outlets in this room that talked about the activities that were going on back then.”
It is unclear what reports Spicer was referring to. News outlets have reported that intelligence officials have been investigating whether there were inappropriate ties between the Trump campaign and the Russian government. As part of the probe into the country’s suspected attempts to meddle in the election and regular surveillance on Russia’s ambassador, they have reportedly intercepted communications between some campaign aides and Russian officials. 
But no credible mainstream American outlets have reported that the Obama administration conducted surveillance on Trump Tower or the Trump campaign, whether in the form of a court-ordered wiretap or something else. 
Last week, Trump’s tweets drew immediate criticism from Democrats and some Republicans who demanded that Trump provide proof to back up his claim, especially after both Obama and his former director of national intelligence, James Clapper, publicly denied that it was true. Trump still has not provided any evidence to support it, though the White House has instead called on the House and Senate intelligence agencies to investigate it.
The tweets had explicitly accused Obama of ordering a wiretap of Trump’s phones.
“Is it legal for a sitting President to be ‘wire tapping’ a race for president prior to an election? Turned down by court earlier. A NEW LOW!” Trump said in one. 
“I'd bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election!” said another.
The third: “How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!”



ARTICLE
The White House meeting scheduled for Tuesday between President Donald Trump and German Chancellor Angela Merkel has been postponed, press secretary Sean Spicer announced Monday, because of a winter storm bearing down on the East Coast.
The meeting between the two leaders has been moved to Friday, Spicer said, following a conversation between the two leaders. Spicer said Friday's meeting will follow the same schedule of events.
Story Continued Below
A major, late-season winter storm is bearing down on the Eastern Seaboard, with blizzard and winter storm warnings posted from Central Virginia all the way north to the Canadian border. While only 4 to 6 inches of snow are forecast for Washington itself, accumulations could be significantly higher in the close-in western suburbs. At Dulles International Airport, forecasts are calling for 8 to 12 inches of snow, beginning Monday night and ending during the day on Tuesday.
Spicer said Trump has been briefed on the incoming weather by his homeland security adviser and the acting FEMA director. He said Trump has instructed the acting FEMA head to "lean forward" and be prepared to aid states in need of assistance.
The rescheduled meeting will put Trump face-to-face with a world leader who he lambasted during last year’s presidential campaign over her nation’s willingness to accept refugees from Syria. 
Merkel, in her congratulatory statement to Trump marking his election victory, took a veiled jab at Trump’s rhetoric, calling on the U.S. and Germany to work together on shared values such as "democracy, freedom, respect for the law and for human dignity, regardless of origin, skin color, religion, gender, sexual orientation or political inclination." 
Steve Shepard contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump plans to donate his salary to charity at the end of the year, his press secretary said Monday, and he wants the reporters who cover him to decide what he does with it.
During his campaign, Trump, himself a billionaire, pledged not to take the presidential salary of $400,000. Sean Spicer told reporters at Monday’s afternoon briefing that Trump still plans to the give money away, though he hasn’t yet.
Story Continued Below
Spicer added that the White House would like reporters to advise the president on his decision, in a remark that amounted to a slight dig at the press corps.
“The president’s intention right now is to donate his salary at the end of the year, and he has kindly asked that you all help determine where that goes,” Spicer said. “The way that we can avoid scrutiny is to let the press corps determine where it should go.”
Reporters have been aggressive in covering the administration and topics like the conflicts of interest presented by Trump’s business empire, prompting Trump and his advisers to criticize the press and claim that they have been scrutinized unfairly.
After Spicer suggested that they weigh in on the salary question, reporters in the briefing room laughed, and the press secretary added: “In all seriousness, I think his view is he made a pledge to the American people, he wants to donate it to charity, and he'd love your help to determine where it should go.”
A reporter jokingly suggested that Trump donate the money to White House Correspondents Association personnel. 
“That would be a great way to do it,” Spicer replied.



ARTICLE
Usually, when the American and German leaders meet up for formal talks, Human Rights Watch sends the two allied countries some guidance on sensitive topics to try to influence their discussion. 
But ahead of this week’s scheduled White House meeting between German Chancellor Angela Merkel and President Donald Trump, the nonprofit group is reaching out solely to Merkel’s camp, a top Human Rights Watch official told POLITICO. The hope is that the German leader can eventually bring Trump around on everything from the need to help refugees to the idea of closing the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay.
Story Continued Below
The meeting, initially scheduled for Tuesday, has been moved to Friday because of the expected snowstorm, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Monday. 
The Human Rights Watch decision underscores the alarm with which many in the West view Trump and his nationalist-leaning “America first” philosophy. But it also indicates the degree to which Merkel has become a beacon of hope for many Trump critics on both sides of the Atlantic. Some even call the cautious, soft-spoken German the new “leader of the free world,” a title she's dismissed.
On human rights, for example, “this White House has thus far shown itself to be quite hostile,” while “the Germans, under Merkel, have an important opportunity to step up,” said Sarah Margon, Human Rights Watch's Washington director, in explaining the group's outreach strategy for the meeting. “From a sympathetic response to refugees to adhering to commitments to fundamental laws of war, Germany has shown itself to be a player, and Trump’s commitments are questionable.”
Despite repeated reassurances by top Trump aides, including Vice President Mike Pence, many Europeans still fear that Trump is not fully supportive of NATO and the European Union. The president’s friendly overtures toward Russian President Vladimir Putin have further bolstered concerns in Europe, which has been rattled by alleged Russian interference in its national elections as well as Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Russia is also suspected of trying to interfere in the U.S. election to help Trump through hacking and other means.
How Trump treats the widely respected Merkel — even just his tone — also could go a long way toward calming or further alarming other capitals, including that of many critical U.S. allies in Europe. Their meeting will cover topics well beyond human rights, including trade, climate change, relations with Russia, the role of NATO and counter-terrorism. The session comes ahead of German elections this year in which Merkel is seeking a fourth term. 
During the 2016 presidential campaign, Trump both venerated and vilified Merkel, saying she was “a really great world leader” who nonetheless was “ruining” Germany by deciding to accept hundreds of thousands of Syrian refugees — people Trump claimed could be terrorists. His barbs against NATO members who do not spend the expected 2 percent of GDP on defense were an indirect criticism of Germany, among others in the alliance. His support for Britain’s decision to leave the European Union also was another stab at Germany, which plays a major role in the bloc.
After his shocking victory last November, Merkel offered Trump a congratulations laced with implicit criticisms of his rhetoric, saying the two countries must work together on the basis of values such as "democracy, freedom, respect for the law and for human dignity, regardless of origin, skin color, religion, gender, sexual orientation or political inclination." The two leaders have spoken on the phone since, and White House readouts have said the pair affirmed the importance of U.S.-German cooperation.
Senior Trump administration officials said Friday that the president is heading into his meeting with Merkel with an open mind, and that he is “very interested in hearing her insights” on how to deal with Russia. The officials also made it clear that Trump still expects more NATO members to step up their defense spending — a position that’s in line with that of Trump’s Democratic predecessor, Barack Obama, who was more cautious in his rhetoric. 
Trade is also likely to be a topic of the talks, including the future of proposed EU-U.S. deal known as the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership. A top Trump administration trade official recently bemoaned the $65 billion U.S. trade deficit with Germany, and suggested the two countries discuss it bilaterally. But German officials are reported to have dismissed that idea, noting that Germany does trade agreements through the EU. 
And Merkel in general is likely to frown on any U.S. advances that appear to weaken the EU, an institution that has helped Germany move past its own ugly history of dalliance with nationalism. 
“Germany is going to always be within the cloak of Europe,” said Sudha David-Wilp, a Berlin-based senior trans-Atlantic fellow with the German Marshall Fund of the United States. “Sure the country has its own interests, but it also sees its two biggest interests as having good relations with the United States but also enabling and empowering Europe.”
White House officials did not respond to requests for comment on Human Rights Watch's decision to reach out solely to the Germans. But on the subject of how to deal with migrants from Syria and beyond, the Trump administration officials said it was time for the U.S. and Germany to focus on the future, especially when it comes to securing borders against potential threats.
“At this point, it’s how we move forward on this,” one of the officials said. “The United States and Germany are doing quite a bit on counter-terrorism cooperation, border security, internal security cooperation ... The talk is out there, but there is quite a bit of work going on that’s being discussed behind the scenes.”
Merkel and Trump could hardly be more different in style, and observers will watch the pair’s body language carefully. 
Merkel, who holds a Ph.D. in quantum chemistry, has extensive governing experience and is known for being understated, strategically cautious and standoffish. She has plenty of experience, and a deft touch, in dealing with brash male world leaders, such as Italy's Silvio Berlusconi. Merkel, who got along very well with Trump’s predecessor, Barack Obama, is reported to have spent time studying Trump through his speeches.
Trump hails from the worlds of New York real estate and reality TV, loves to brag about his smarts and is still learning the basics of running a government. His transactional approach to foreign policy is likely to clash with Merkel’s keen awareness of how so many different issues, from trade to human rights, are interlinked.
Merkel’s re-election prospects also are likely to influence how she deals with Trump. The German federal election isn’t until September, but Merkel is facing a spirited challenge from Martin Schulz, a left-leaning former European Parliament president who is appealing to the working class and holds some attraction for Germans ready for a change in leadership. 
Schulz is supportive of the EU and has called Trump’s policies “un-American.” That makes the optics and substance of Merkel’s visit to the White House even more tricky. 
She can’t be seen as getting too close to Trump, but she also has to ensure that Berlin stays in the good graces of the new U.S. administration. As one observer noted, it probably wouldn’t be helpful to Merkel if Trump tries to hold her hand the way he did that of British Prime Minister Theresa May.
If things don’t go well this week, Merkel and Trump have more opportunities to work on their relationship. The pair will likely cross paths during summits of the G-7, the G-20 and NATO later this year. 



ARTICLE
When Donald Trump said in late January that America should have “kept the oil” after invading Iraq — “To the victor go the spoils,” he declared — foreign governments were horrified.
But one country is now actively promoting its natural resources to win Trump’s attention for its desperate cause: Afghanistan. The government, led by President Ashraf Ghani, has pitched Trump on its vast mineral reserves in an effort to keep the new president invested in the country’s fate. 
Story Continued Below
Afghanistan’s improbable investment pitch is a sign of a new Trump-era mind-set, in which foreign leaders are selling their nations in more explicitly economic terms than ever before. 
Afghan officials say Trump, a veteran deal-maker, appears to be listening. “This is the first administration that is focused on Afghanistan’s economic potential, and we welcome that,” said Hamdullah Mohib, Afghanistan’s ambassador to Washington. 
In a Dec. 3 phone call, Trump and Ghani discussed Afghanistan’s mineral wealth, whose value a Pentagon study has estimated at up to $1 trillion. An official Afghan readout of the call said that Trump told Ghani the U.S. wants to help Afghanistan develop its “tremendous natural resources.” 
Perhaps the most notable of Afghanistan’s buried treasures are its large quantities of lithium, a silvery, soft metal crucial to laptop and cellphone batteries that’s sometimes called the oil of the future. A 2010 Pentagon memo concluded that Afghanistan could one day become “the Saudi Arabia of lithium.”
While few people associate impoverished and war-torn Afghanistan with high technology manufacturing, Kabul’s leaders believe they have a receptive audience in the White House. Trump officials, Mohib added, “are interested in minerals — specifically lithium.”
“They’re recognizing that Afghanistan has very vast potential resources,” said Mohammad Qayoumi, a top adviser to Ghani.
Mohib’s government is hardly offering to let the U.S. seize its precious minerals. But as Afghan leaders fight for survival against the Taliban, they want Trump to see their country as a business opportunity — not the expensive quagmire that led him to tweet in 2013 that the U.S. should abandon Afghanistan “immediately.” 
Other countries are trying out their own pitches. Japan’s prime minister has presented Trump a plan to create 700,000 new jobs through joint projects. European diplomats are touting trans-Atlantic commerce and job creation. Even Iraqi officials are promoting the value of their oil industry for U.S. investment, though they adamantly reject Trump’s “take the oil” bluster.
“All foreign leaders are thinking, what do we play up to get this president’s attention?” said one Trump administration official.
The question is particularly acute for the Afghan government, which has proved unable to defeat a 15-year Taliban insurgency, and, more recently, a nascent Islamic State. Without continued U.S. support, Afghanistan’s government is at severe risk of collapse.
On Wednesday, at least 30 people were killed in an Islamic State attack on a military hospital in Kabul. Last month, the top U.S. general in Afghanistan told Congress he needs “a few thousand” more troops, in addition to the 8,400 American soldiers already there, to back up Afghan security forces suffering horrendous battlefield losses. 
“If I’m Ghani and I want continued U.S. engagement, and Trump has said things like, ‘We’ve got to get the hell out of that place’ — how do I get his attention?” said a former senior Obama White House official. 
Ghani understands that mineral wealth “can help Trump have a different narrative for engagement in Afghanistan,” he added.
A Trump National Security Council official said the Trump administration has begun a review of U.S. policy in Afghanistan. “As a dynamic results-oriented president from the business world, he’s going to look at everything with a fresh set of eyes,” he said. 
The official noted that the World Bank and others have called “the proper development of Afghanistan’s extractives sector” key to the country’s self-reliance.
Though Trump has made few public comments about Afghanistan, officials there are mindful that he has scoffed at the costly American effort in their country, launched soon after the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks, and which cost the U.S. 10 combat deaths and $3.8 billion in military aid last year.
“We should leave Afghanistan immediately. No more wasted lives. If we have to go back in, we go in hard & quick. Rebuild the US first,” Trump tweeted in March 2013.
Since then, Trump has grudgingly acknowledged the value of a U.S. presence in the country. “I hate doing it. I hate doing it so much,” he told Fox News in April. “But, again, you have nuclear weapons in Pakistan, so I would do it.”
But at other times, Trump has cited the value of Afghanistan’s soil and rock. “Afghanistan has tremendous minerals, which a lot of people don't know,” Trump said on NBC’s “Meet the Press” in August 2015. 
“Nobody knew this, but Afghanistan is rich with minerals,” Trump told the talk radio host Alex Jones that December. “Not oil, but minerals.” 
In fact, Afghan minerals have been much discussed at least since a widely reported 2010 Pentagon memo, developed with the help of government geologists, estimated their value at up to $1 trillion. The memo revealed “stunning potential,” Gen. David Petraeus, then the top U.S. commander in the country, told The New York Times.
Of particular value is lithium, whose value has soared thanks to surging demand for rechargeable batteries to power everything from iPhones to electric cars. Lithium’s unusual properties cause it to sizzle and smoke when water is poured over it, and it is light enough to float in small quantities.
Many former U.S. officials and other Afghanistan experts warn that Afghanistan’s minerals may just be a modern twist on the old myth of El Dorado, the lost South American city of gold. Afghanistan has weak governance and rampant corruption and lacks the road and rail infrastructure, never mind the security conditions, required for a thriving industrial sector.
“It’s such an unknown. That is a fool’s errand,” said a former senior Obama official who handled Afghanistan policy. Any potential mining benefits “are decades down the road,” he added.
Others warned that even the perception of a U.S. profit motive in Afghanistan could enrage the country’s population and fuel further insurgency. 
“The more this is about taking their resources for us, the harder it is to argue that the U.S. presence in Afghanistan is not a version of a colonial enterprise,” said Sarah Chayes, an Afghanistan expert who served as an adviser to former Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Michael Mullen.
Chayes, author of "Thieves of State: Why Corruption Threatens Global Security," also warned that a rush to extract minerals would breed corruption.
That risk is likely clear to Trump’s new national security adviser, Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster, who served on an anti-corruption task force during Petraeus’ tenure in Afghanistan several years ago. McMaster also spoke by phone with Ghani soon after assuming his job.
Stoking Trump’s interest in Afghanistan is the specter of competition from China, which in recent years has begun major mining operations in the country — including a $3 billion copper mine opened in 2008 but since plagued by security problems.
“We’re here fighting, and China is taking out all the minerals,” Trump said in his “Meet the Press” appearance. 
"We go into Afghanistan. We're fighting — you know, tremendous mountains and ridges — we're fighting on one side,” Trump told Alex Jones, who runs the pro-Trump website Infowars. 
“And you know who's got their excavators on the other side?” he asked. “China!” 
Nahal Toosi contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara was forced out of his job Saturday afternoon after he bucked the Trump administration's call for his resignation, ending a stint during which he handled high-profile public corruption, Wall Street and terrorism cases and usually scored convictions.
 “Today, I was fired from my position as U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York,” Bharara, the top prosecutor in Manhattan, said in a statement. “Serving my country as U.S. Attorney here for the past seven years will forever be the greatest honor of my professional life, no matter what else I do or how long I live.” 
Story Continued Below
 A senior administration official confirmed that Bharara had been asked to leave.
 The Trump administration pressed the remaining Obama-appointed U.S. attorneys to offer their resignations Friday, a seemingly abrupt move that surprised many — including the officeholders asked to leave.
"Preet indicated that he was confused about whether the memo applied to him,” a person briefed on the situation said Saturday. Acting Deputy Attorney General Dana Boente called him Saturday and "told him all 46 presidentially appointed U.S. attorneys were being asked to step down, which was what the memo said. Boente noted that [Bharara] serves at the pleasure of the president,” the source added.
Bharara responded by asking whether Boente was firing him, prompting the acting Justice Department No. 2 official to say he was simply asking Bharara to resign, the source said. A short time later, Bharara posted on his personal Twitter account that he had been fired.
It’s unclear what led to Bharara’s confusion about whether he was covered by the broad request for Obama-appointed U.S. attorneys to tender their resignations and whether the confusion may have resulted from the November Trump Tower meeting between Trump and Bharara, who emerged from that session to say he’d been asked to stay on.
Asked to explain why Trump changed his mind from November, the senior administration official said the administration decided to "follow past administrations and ask them all to resign." Bharara had told associates in recent weeks that he planned to stay in the office and believed Trump supported him.
 Attorney General Jeff Sessions and White House chief strategist Steve Bannon, among others, supported the decision, according to senior officials familiar with the matter. Trump has become obsessed over leaks in recent weeks, administration officials have said, and his allies have urged him to purge from the government Obama administration appointees. 
Some noted that Fox News host Sean Hannity had a segment on DOJ holdovers Thursday night, and Trump is an avid watcher of Fox News. But administration officials said discussions over the resignations had been ongoing for weeks. 
 A senior White House official said they expected Bharara to resign Friday night and that the firing was "inevitable."
 Trump's decision to renege on the apparent agreement was a shot against Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.), for whom Bharara worked as a chief counsel, according to a source with knowledge of the situation.
 A Schumer confidant disputed that characterization, saying he didn't ask the president to keep Bharara on but was pleased when he said last year that he would. 
“Preet Bharara has been an exemplary U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York,” Schumer said in a statement Saturday. "His relentless drive to root out public corruption, lock up terrorists, take on Wall Street, and stand up for what is right should serve as a model for all U.S. attorneys across the country. He will be sorely missed.”
Trump and Schumer have not spoken in recent weeks and have publicly clashed. "Chuck doesn't have anything to talk to him about," one person close to the senator said. 
 Trump spent Saturday at a golf course in Virginia, convening a lunch meeting with several members of his Cabinet.
 Bharara told reporters after the November meeting with then President-elect Trump that he would stay on to serve the new administration. He’s currently wrapping up a criminal investigation into New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio and his associates and fundraising, though it remains unclear whether anyone will be charged. He’s also in the midst of an investigation into associates of New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo, charging nine people with ties to the governor late last year. 
Joon Kim, Bharara’s former top aide, has been made acting U.S. attorney, Bharara said in his statement. Kim was previously the head of the office’s criminal division before being made deputy U.S. attorney in July 2015.
 Even with Bharara’s departure, according to a source with knowledge of the situation, the day-to-day work of the office — which would include its current investigation into de Blasio and any investigations the office may be involved with into Trump campaign activity — will go forward uninterrupted.
 “We’re not putting the brakes on what’s being done,” the source said.
Bharara was known as something of a swashbuckling prosecutor in New York, taking on insider trading and terrorism cases and winning convictions against several top New York officials, including former Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver and former Senate Majority Leader Dean Skelos.
 The news sent shock waves through New York politics, leaving lobbyists and aides to the mayor and governor trying to figure out who would replace Bharara — and whether the investigations would change based on his departure. The prosecutor had earned a grudging respect in the state, sending subpoenas to some of the state's most influential donors and scoring corruption convictions against a number of legislators. 
The office's investigation into de Blasio's operation is expected to wrap in the next month. Prosecutors and FBI agents spent four hours with the New York mayor at a midtown law firm last month. 
Bharara also struck fear into Wall Street financiers, scoring insider trading convictions. 
He is widely rumored to have political aspirations — but has not publicly said whether he would run for office. 
Trump and his advisers have not identified replacements for the departing prosecutors, including Bharara. 
 The removal of U.S. attorneys has been politically fraught for years, with the midterm dismissal of eight chief federal prosecutors in December 2006 causing a firestorm that ultimately led to the resignation of Attorney General Alberto Gonzales. 
 The timing and scope of such dismissals have often led to charges and countercharges that they violated prior precedents. President Bill Clinton’s attorney general, Janet Reno, asked for resignations in March 1993, but allowed many U.S. attorneys to stay in place until their replacements could be confirmed. 
 Resignations demanded after a presidential transition are not always accepted, and U.S. attorneys appointed by a prior president — even one of another political party — sometimes serve well into the next president’s term.
 Patrick Fitzgerald was nominated as U.S. attorney for Chicago by President George W. Bush in 2001 and continued to serve in that capacity during President Barack Obama’s first term, much of that time pursuing a prosecution of former Gov. Rod Blagojevich (D-Ill.) for selling Obama’s U.S. Senate seat.
 Rod Rosenstein was nominated as U.S. attorney for Maryland under Bush in 2005 and continued in that role throughout Obama’s two terms. Trump has now tapped Rosenstein to be deputy attorney general.
 Colby Hamilton contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
During a meeting with members of his Cabinet at a golf course Saturday, President Donald Trump said the economy was a "mess" but is now "getting straightened out."
"The economy is doing very, very well," Trump said during a lunch at Trump National Golf Club in Virginia that he described as "part of a Cabinet meeting." 
Story Continued Below
"We really had a mess, and it's getting straightened out," the president said.
Present at the meeting were chief strategist Steve Bannon; chief of staff Reince Priebus; Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and his fiancée; Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly; Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross and his wife; Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin and his wife; and press secretary Sean Spicer.
Trump's comments came after the release Friday of February's jobs report, which showed that 235,000 jobs were added during the first full month of Trump's presidency, with the unemployment rate ticking down to 4.7 percent.
During a brief meeting with the press pool, Spicer said Trump "wanted to take some key members of his team out and have a working lunch to talk about the economy." 
Issues dealing with homeland security, Trump's immigration executive order and health care were also discussed.



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
It wouldn’t be the first time that President Donald Trump declined an invitation but showed up anyway.
The White House Correspondents’ Association is preparing for the possibility that the president will reconsider his terse Tweet from late February announcing that he wasn’t coming to their annual dinner on April 29. 
Story Continued Below
“If President Trump changes his mind, he is welcome to attend the dinner,” association President Jeff Mason said in an email, though he declined to comment further on their preparations. 
Trump’s decision to skip the dinner came in the midst of his escalating feud with many in the media, who he has deemed “fake news” and “the enemy of the American people.” Washington reporters are not counting on Trump’s reversal, but the upheaval has delayed announcements about how the association plans to cope with the first dinner in 36 years without the commander-in-chief.
There’s no indication yet of who, if anyone, will stand in for the president as guest of honor. Traditionally, along with members of the WHCA board, the president, first lady, the vice president, White House press secretary and the dinner’s entertainer sit at the head table on the stage. Any other administration officials come at the invitation of media companies who purchase tables for the event. 
A White House spokesperson did not respond to questions about who, if anyone, from the White House plans to attend the dinner, or whether staffers are free to attend the dinner should they choose.
“There’s more uncertainties about this dinner later than other dinner,” said one veteran White House correspondent. “It’s unclear who, if anyone, will represent the administration.” 
The correspondents association has also been slow to announce who the evening’s entertainment will be. In recent years, the latest that the evening's entertainer has been announced was February 20 in 2013, after Barack Obama's second election as president.
According to multiple people with knowledge of the matter, CBS “The Late Late Show” host James Corden, famous for his "Carpool Karaoke" bits, was offered the gig, but declined. CBS declined to comment. Other people close to the association suggest an entertainer has been chosen, but hasn’t been announced yet. Mason, widely praised by reporters and former WHCA presidents for handling the unusual situation with a calm grace, has been keeping the details of the evening close to the vest and declined to comment further.
The choice of entertainer is often a politically fraught one. Some comedians have said the correspondents' dinner is one of the most difficult gigs and full of potential pitfalls, no matter who the president is that year. 
In a February interview in Vulture, Corden, who is British, spoke about trying to get a better understanding of American politics.
"I would hope that when I’ve lived here longer, I’d start to feel like I understand the political climate more. And we’ll find our voice in that,” he said. "I certainly feel like we have a voice and speak when we feel we need to. But following Stephen (Colbert, in the line up), we owe it to our audience to sit at the other end of the seesaw from time to time."
There’s also the lingering question of who from outside the Washington bubble will show up.
Typically, a Republican president attracts fewer celebrities than a Democrat, and Trump has received a new level of Hollywood scorn. But without his attendance, some have wondered whether celebrities will be more inclined to attend, embracing an event that Trump has snubbed. 
But that doesn't seem to be the case. According to The Hollywood Reporter, the casts of the politics heavy shows like “House of Cards,” “Veep” and “Scandal,” regular attendees in previous years, likely will not attend.
Most outlets have been mum on who they’re inviting, especially since table allotments will not be revealed until next week. Some media executives have suggested that they’re focusing more on newsmakers, politicians and government officials for their guests.
Meanwhile, some people said it would be typical of Trump if he were to put his hosts through the awkward process of scrambling to make do without him before further upending the planning process by showing up.
In January, 2016, Trump did the unthinkable in politics, announcing his plans to skip a Republican primary debate. But Fox News, the host of the debate, still prepared a podium for him just in case he changed his mind. 
Though Trump did not end up joining the debate, he has shown up to other events he declared dead on arrival in the past, such as a post-election meeting with The New York Times. 
"President Trump is the master showman so he may decide to attend at the last minute, but I doubt it,” said C-SPAN political editor, anchor and former WHCA president Steve Scully. 
The association may look to past precedent to see how to handle a dinner without the president. Ronald Reagan was the last president not to attend a dinner, but it was in 1981 shortly after he was shot, and he phoned in an address. (Then-Vice President George H. W. Bush attended in his place and gave an address.) The last president to sit out the dinner by choice was Jimmy Carter, who skipped two out of the four dinners of his term. 
On one of those occasions, then-White House Press Secretary Jody Powell spoke in Carter’s place, while Carter went fishing at Camp David. On another occasion, Powell said Carter was too tired to attend and filled in again, according to former WHCA president and National Journal White House Correspondent George Condon who is writing a book about the history of the association. 
"The [replacement] that was probably the most popular was in 1972 when former President Richard Nixon sent the first lady, Pat Nixon,” Condon said. "The least successful substitutes by far was Jody, who filled in for Carter 1978 and 1980. If you read Carter’s diary entries he wanted to send a message on how much he disliked the press and how much he hated the dinner. He said in his diaries Jody Powell was begging him to go to the dinner. And he ordered Powell to kind of be nasty in his speech and it was anti-press and not very fun speech in 1978. It was a miserable dinner.” 
Trump has already skipped two other Washington institutions this year, the Alfalfa Club and Gridiron Club dinners, though presidents do not always attend those dinners. Trump sent Vice President Mike Pence in his place to both events, and Pence's comedic speech to the Gridiron received rave reviews. Spokespeople for Pence did not respond to questions about his attendance about the correspondents' dinner. 
When Trump announced he was not attending the Gridiron, the scheduling office sent quick word that Pence would take his place, Condon said. He noted that vice presidents are always invited to the correspondents' dinner, but that during the Obama years Vice President Joe Biden often did not attend. (Condon said Vice Presidents Dick Cheney and Al Gore often attended the dinners.)
As for other White House staffers, Condon, who has also served as the Gridiron Club historian, said he’d be surprised if they did not attend the correspondents’ dinner.
"Based on the reaction we saw to the Gridiron Dinner invitations I’d be surprised if they didn’t want to go,” Condon said. "We saw little sign of people from the White House canceling because the president wasn’t coming."
Some media companies are using the event to make a statement. CNN has declared that in place of the government officials, politicos and celebrities, it is inviting journalism students. The New Yorker, Vanity Fair and Bloomberg have all pulled out of their parties that were held before and after the dinner (though Bloomberg said it’s still attending the dinner itself). Outlets including The New York Times and BuzzFeed have longstanding policies about not attending the event. (BuzzFeed throws an alternate party during the dinner.)
But other companies are operating as normal.
Ultimately, several of the former WHCA presidents said the event should go on, and focus on what it’s meant to focus be — an occasion to present awards to journalists, give scholarships to students, and show respect for the the presidency.  
"Don’t turn it into a seminar or protest movement,” Condon said. "It was designed in 1921 as a fun evening where people go and enjoy themselves and that has to be at the heart of it."
Alex Weprin and Matt Nussbaum contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
A flurry of leaks, President Donald Trump's unproven wiretapping allegations and WikiLeaks' disclosure of CIA hacking tools are breathing new life into civil libertarians' hopes of reining in the government's spying powers when they come due for congressional renewal this year.
Critics of laws allowing federal agencies to eavesdrop on digital communications had faced daunting odds in their push to water down those authorities, which the Trump administration wants to keep as a tool against terrorists.
Story Continued Below
But in the past two weeks, lawmakers across the ideological spectrum — and the White House itself — have raised concerns about intelligence agencies intercepting phone calls, allegedly snooping on Trump Tower and stockpiling an arsenal of hacking tools to infiltrate iPhones and smart televisions.
The episodes have brought unexpected attention to the government’s arcane yet powerful surveillance programs, some of which are up for renewal at the end of the year.
Surveillance critics — a coalition of libertarian-leaning Republicans and privacy-minded Democrats — want to use the deadline as leverage to push for revisions. But they have struggled to raise awareness of their worries, which are complex and highly technical.
Now, though, said Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.), a leader of the revision coalition, “this has generated interest in the question of how this works.”
“I have many people coming up and asking, ‘Why is this such a big deal?’” Wyden added. “And it’s important now.”
Lawmakers who hope to maintain the status quo say they fear that the latest revelations will spur people to overreact based on false, simplistic ideas about the government’s eavesdropping and surveillance powers.
“I think people have a misguided understanding of these laws,” Senate Intelligence Chairman Richard Burr (R-N.C.) told POLITICO. “The truth is that there’s no unilateral hacking of Americans.”
The White House sides with Burr in wanting to maintain the government’s eavesdropping powers, despite Trump’s outrage at the idea that he or his inner circle could fall under the scrutiny of the federal intelligence apparatus. But the more Trump stirs up the issue, the more fodder he hands the civil libertarians who want to insert more government restrictions into laws like the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act.
“To the extent it raises awareness about FISA and highlights the discussion, hopefully that will help our efforts to reform FISA and protect the privacy of Americans,” said Rep. Jared Polis (D-Colo.), a lawmaker focused on digital privacy.
Even before the string of spying stories was fully formed, surveillance critics started seizing on them last week at a House hearing on a key surveillance provision that sunsets at the end of this year, FISA Section 702. The section authorizes programs that sift through vast quantities of digital traffic, including Web browsing histories, email and online chats.
During the hearing, members of the libertarian House Freedom Caucus pointed to the leak of former national security adviser Michael Flynn’s call with a Russian diplomat as a “real life” example of an American whose private information was abused under the expansive overseas spying programs.
U.S. intelligence agencies apparently picked up Flynn’s call as part of routine surveillance on Russian officials, and the contents leaked despite laws that normally mask the identities of Americans swept up by eavesdropping of foreign targets. Flynn resigned after the transcript showed he had misled people such as Vice President Mike Pence about his conversations with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak.
Trump followed that flap by launching his evidence-free tweetstorm accusing former President Barack Obama of personally ordering a wiretap of Trump Tower.
While digital surveillance experts said such an order would be preposterous and likely illegal, they noted several sweeping foreign surveillance programs — including Section 702 efforts — that could conceivably pick up the digital chatter in Trump Tower. For example, if two Trump campaign officials were talking over a Trump Tower network to, from or about a Moscow official under surveillance, that conversation might get flagged as relevant to foreign intelligence gathering operations.
“If it happened,” said Republican Sen. Rand Paul, the Kentucky lawmaker who led the last charge to overhaul the country’s surveillance laws in 2015, “in all likelihood it happened through the backdoor of 702.”
In essence, Trump heightened the scrutiny on this relatively obscure FISA provision, which authorizes several notable spying programs, including Upstream and PRISM.
PRISM allows the NSA to collect people’s browsing histories, email contents and digital chats from major tech firms like Google, Facebook and Apple. Upstream lets the spy agency lift Web browsing information off internet cables. Both were exposed through documents leaked by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden.
These programs are supposed to filter out obviously domestic information up front and only grab international chatter that matches an exhaustive list of selectors — such as email addresses and screen names — linked to nearly 100,000 targets. Still, surveillance specialists estimate that millions of Americans — maybe even tens of millions — make it into the NSA’s databases. While the law requires Americans’ privacy to be protected if they show up in a subsequent search, those protections can go away if the data is determined to contain some foreign intelligence value.
Critics like Paul say these programs are too indiscriminate and worry that the privacy-protecting procedures are trivial, leaving the door wide open to “unmasking” Americans.
“This is a big deal as far as I’m concerned,” Paul told POLITICO.
Rep. Ted Lieu (D-Calif.), one of the few members of Congress with a computer science degree, argued that the program allows warrantless searches of Americans whose information incidentally ends up in the NSA’s hands.
“Then that information can be used to prosecute American citizens in court,” he told POLITICO. “That is flat-out illegal and unconstitutional.”
Into this intensifying debate, WikiLeaks dropped a bomb. This week, the anti-secrecy group released a trove of documents revealing the CIA’s hacking tools for transforming computers, Apple and Android phones and even internet-connected televisions into surveillance devices.
The disclosure — which former officials and experts say appears legitimate — has caused even a hawkish Republican like Senate Armed Services Chairman John McCain to predict Congress will have to re-examine its surveillance oversight.
“It's going to cause a real fundamental evaluation of everything we do, including FISA," the Arizona lawmaker said.
Taken together, revision advocates believe the events “give considerable wind at the backs of those who want to reform Section 702 of FISA,” said Lieu, who noted that a bipartisan group of House Judiciary Committee staffers has already met to discuss 702 alterations.
But the Senate has yet to publicly delve into the issue. Senate Intelligence Committee ranking member Mark Warner (D-Va.) told POLITICO that his panel would get private briefings “shortly” on the issue.
Burr is pushing for a “clean” reauthorization, with no changes. He conceded that critics will be deploying recent events “to further advance their theory,” but accused them of misleading the public about a program that most lawmakers agree has value for tracking terrorists and foreign threats.
“If we inadvertently hear an American, we automatically have a process that we follow,” he added, referencing the privacy-protecting procedures. “There’s no generalized ability for any entity to listen in on the American people.”
A White House spokesperson told POLITICO that the administration sides with Burr in supporting a straight-up reauthorization without alterations.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump appointed a massage therapist from New Hampshire with no apparent relevant experience to work at the Energy Department, but parted company with the employee Friday after a series of anti-Muslim social media posts came to light, current and former DOE employees tell POLITICO.
Sid Bowdidge had received a nameplate and taken up residence this week in the director’s office of the agency’s Office of Technology Transitions, a career DOE employee said, but it was not clear precisely when he started or what his job would be. OTT specializes in shepherding research developed at the national labs into the private sector, an area in which Bowdidge didn't seem to have any experience. 
Story Continued Below
Before joining DOE, Bowdidge worked for the Trump campaign, according to Federal Election Commission records. An August 2015 NBC News report quoted Bowdidge attending a debate watch party in Trump’s New Hampshire campaign office, describing him as a “massage therapist from Bedford.”
DOE employees were unsettled by Bowdidge’s caustic Twitter account, on which he accused then-President Barack Obama of having terrorist "relatives" and spouted anti-Muslim views. 
POLITICO took several screenshots of Bowdidge’s Twitter account Thursday night before it was made private sometime Friday.
In a tweet on Dec. 6, 2015, Bowdidge wrote that “Obama won’t use the term radical Islam because they’re his relatives!!!!” A day later, replying to a CNN tweet that included a picture of the suspected San Bernardino shooters, Bowdidge wrote, “Scum sucking maggots of the world. Exterminate them all.”
And during a dispute with someone on Twitter a week later, Bowdidge replied to the person "wouldn't say that if it was your wife, sister or family member that was murdered by some Muslim piece of shit."
DOE said Friday that Bowdidge is not with the agency anymore. Buzzfeed first reported the news. Greentech Media reported earlier in the day on his social media history and apparent lack of qualifications.
“Normally, we do not comment on personnel matters. In this case, we can confirm that Sid Bowdidge is no longer employed at the Department of Energy,” said Bob Haus, a DOE spokesperson. 
Bowdidge is not the first person to join the Trump administration despite a disconcerting social media presence. Several Trump appointees to the Education Department have also been found to have shared controversial views about women, African-Americans and transgender people, among others.
Bowdidge’s unfiltered opinions caught the attention of some DOE staff.
“Every time there’s a new political that comes in, we’re all ‘Who is this guy? What’s his background?’” the career staffer told POLITICO. OTT staff hadn’t received many details about Bowdidge’s official responsibilities, experience or position but their Google searches turned up some “colorful” information.
“This person’s in charge of, theoretically, overseeing the policy around commercializing billions of dollars of federal research,” the employee said. “This guy seems like he’s pretty far out, and we just don’t know. It looks like sort of a ridiculous appointment.”
Bowdidge could not be reached for comment.
Former Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz launched OTT in 2015 to help address longstanding bureaucratic hurdles involved with getting research from its 17 national labs into the marketplace. Rochelle Blaustein, the senior member of OTT’s career staff, has been serving as the office’s acting director.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump’s administration has been plagued by damaging leaks and marked by protests against him and his policies. And as he tries to sell America on Republicans’ plan for health care reform, he risks facing humiliation should he fall short.
In his eyes, though, there’s one clear person to blame: Barack Obama.
Story Continued Below
The former president has emerged as the perfect scapegoat for Trump. The 44th commander in chief is a revered Democratic Party figure who is both loathed by conservatives and, in keeping in line with the precedent of past presidents, unlikely to publicly speak out against his successor.
And while Trump one month ago told Fox News host Bill O’Reilly that the two “get along” and that Obama even “likes me,” he’s back to raging against his longtime foe.
In the past week alone, Trump has blamed Obama and his administration for setting up the first meeting between Jeff Sessions and Russia’s ambassador to the U.S. (Sessions failed to disclose having met with the ambassador last year when testifying about contact with Russian officials during his confirmation hearing to be attorney general), allowing the aforementioned ambassador to visit the White House 22 times in eight years, allegedly wiretapping Trump Tower phone lines during the campaign (an explosive accusation for which no evidence exists), releasing 122 detainees from Guantanamo Bay who later returned to terrorist activity (113 of those prisoners were released two days before Obama became president) and getting run over by a strengthening Russia (in his words).
Trump’s White House piled on with fresh accusations Friday, with Trump himself suggesting Obamacare is a ticking time bomb that was set to detonate once Obama left office and his top spokesman endorsing the idea of a so-called deep state full of Obama appointees seeking to undermine Trump’s presidency.
During a meeting with House committee chairmen, Trump said 2017 was supposed to “be a disaster for Obamacare,” which he and Republicans more broadly campaigned on repealing and replacing.
“That’s the year it was meant to explode because Obama won’t be here,” Trump alleged. “That was when it was supposed to be even worse.”
Trump’s replacement plan faces steep opposition from far-right Republican lawmakers as well as powerful conservative groups, raising questions of whether America’s CEO can negotiate a deal that appeases enough factions within the Republican Party to provide affordable, quality health care to Americans or lose the first policy battle of his administration.
And despite the House Intelligence Committee’s chairman and ranking member telling reporters that after a briefing with FBI Director James Comey there’s still no evidence that Obama ordered a wiretap, White House press secretary Sean Spicer refused to say whether Trump would apologize if no evidence emerges during congressional investigations.
“Let’s not get ahead of ourselves,” he cautioned. “I think it’s important to see where that goes, and I don't wanna pre-judge their work at this time.” 
Spicer later contended “there’s no question” that there are government officials aligned with the previous administration who espouse Obama's agenda.
“So I don’t think it should come as any surprise that there are people that burrowed into government during eight years of the last administration and, you know, may have believed in that agenda and can want to continue to seek it,” he said. “I don’t think that should come as a surprise to anyone.”
Obama — more specifically his Affordable Care Act — dominated the president’s weekly address Friday morning. Trump panned the health care law, casting it as hundreds of pages “full of broken promises” that were enacted over Americans’ “profound objections.”
“I want every American to know that action on Obamacare is an urgent necessity,” he said in his address. “The law is collapsing around us, and if we do not act to save Americans from this wreckage, it will take our health care system all the way down with it. If we do nothing, millions more innocent Americans will be hurt — and badly hurt. That’s why we must repeal and replace Obamacare.”
He went on to “encourage Democrats to work with us to improve the health care system” but maligned Obama about an hour later — despite declaring in his address to Congress, “The time for trivial fights is behind us.”
The House unveiled its Obamacare replacement, the American Health Care Act, late Monday. It has already gone through committee markups and advanced through key panels as Republicans rush to meet an April deadline to enact the first phase of Trump’s three-pronged plan to repeal and replace Obamacare. But it faces opposition from both moderate and far-right Republicans over objections to the elimination of the law’s Medicaid expansion and a proposal to replace insurance subsidies with tax credits.
The GOP replacement, Trump asserted during his meeting with committee chairmen, is what the American people want.
“They want repeal and replace,” he said, warning that “as bad as [Obamacare] is now, it’ll get even worse” if Republicans don’t repeal and replace it.
There is one issue the Trump administration refused to let Obama take credit for on Friday, though: the jobs report. The economy added 235,000 jobs in February, and unemployment has dropped to 4.7 percent.
Candidate Trump, however, had claimed the Labor Department figures were “phony” in 2016, surmising with no evidence that they were actually as high as 42 percent.
“I talked to the president prior to this and he said to quote him very clearly,” Spicer told reporters Friday. “‘They may have been phony in the past, but it’s very real now.’”



ARTICLE
White House press secretary Sean Spicer took a page from the “Saturday Night Live” playbook Friday afternoon, jokingly warning a reporter “don’t make me make the podium move” in response to a question about a post to his social media account earlier in the day.
 The reference comes from a pair of “Saturday Night Live” sketches in which Spicer was played by actress Melissa McCarthy, whose belligerent portrayal of the press secretary has won her widespread praise. In McCarthy’s first appearance as Spicer, she picks up the briefing room podium and uses it to badger a persistent reporter into sitting down. In the second, McCarthy drives a podium-on-wheels through a briefing room crowded with members of the press.
Story Continued Below
 On Friday, the real-life Spicer faced questions about a post to Twitter earlier in the day celebrating a jobs report that he characterized as being “great news.” The post, specifically its timing 22 minutes after the report was released, violated an Office of Management and Budget policy prohibiting most members of the executive branch from publicly commenting on the jobs report for the first hour after it is made public.
 “What I understand is that that rule was instituted to deal with market fluctuations. I could be wrong but I believe that’s why it was instituted. I think tweeting out ‘great way to start a Friday,’ here are the actual numbers that you all have reported is a bit – I mean, don’t make me make the podium move,” Spicer said, eliciting laughter from the assembled White House press corps. “I mean honest to God, like every reporter here reported out that we had 235,000 jobs, 4.7 [unemployment rate]. There isn’t a TV station that didn’t go live to it. So to tweet out ‘great way to start a Friday,’ I think, yes, the president was excited to see more Americans back to work. I don’t think that’s exactly a market disruption.”
 While Spicer has previously said he thinks McCarthy’s impression of him is “funny,” President Donald Trump reportedly was unhappy that his press secretary was portrayed by a woman.



ARTICLE
Touting the first jobs report of Donald Trump’s tenure, White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed without evidence Friday that the jobs figures “may have been phony in the past, but it’s very real now.”
Spicer, addressing reporters at the afternoon briefing, did not back up the assertion that previous federal jobs reports were “phony,” as Trump repeatedly said during the campaign without backing up the claim. But Spicer nonetheless confirmed that the president believes the figures are legitimate now that they signal economic growth under his administration. 
Story Continued Below
“In the past, the president has referred to particular job reports as phony or totally fiction,” a reporter asked. “Does the president believe that this jobs report was accurate and a fair way to measure the economy?” 
“I talked to the president prior to this, and he said to quote him very clearly,” Spicer said. “They may have been phony in the past, but it’s very real now.”
Trump and Spicer were quick on Friday to tout the new jobs numbers from the Labor Department, which found that employers added 235,000 jobs to the economy in February and put unemployment at 4.7 percent. The report beat analysts' expectations.
Trump, though, had repeatedly disparaged the federal government’s calculation of unemployment throughout his presidential campaign, making a series of claims that independent fact checkers debunked. He once mused incorrectly that unemployment was really 42 percent when the government pegged it at 5.1 percent.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump suggested Friday that his predecessor’s signature legislative achievement is a ticking time bomb that was set to detonate once former President Barack Obama left office.
Trump defended the rapid pace at which Republicans are trying to usher through legislation to repeal and replace Obama’s Affordable Care Act. The House plan, unveiled late Monday as the American Health Care Act, has already gone through committee markups and advanced through key panels as Republicans rush to meet an April deadline to sign the first phase of Trump’s three-pronged plan to repeal and replace Obamacare.
Story Continued Below
“We must act now to save Americans from the imploding Obamacare disaster,” Trump said Friday during a meeting on health care with Vice President Mike Pence and House committee chairmen. 
“Premiums have skyrocketed by double digits and triple digits in some cases,” Trump continued, citing Arizona’s increase an example. “And it’s going up a lot higher. ‘17 would be a disaster for Obamacare. That’s the year it was meant to explode because Obama won’t be here. That was when it was supposed to be even worse.”
Trump applauded the committee chairmen for their “diligent work” to advance the legislation, which many Republicans campaigned on.
“That’s what people want,” Trump asserted. “They want repeal and replace.”
Despite the president’s bullishness on his effort to make good on his campaign pledge to repeal and replace Obamacare, he faces dissent from members of his own party. The elimination of Obamacare’s Medicaid expansion and a proposal to replace insurance subsidies with tax credits have divided centrist and far-right Republicans from agreeing on a plan that could advance through both the House and Senate.
Trump, however, disregarded the intraparty divisions and the pace at which legislation moves through Congress. “This is the time we’re gonna get it done,” he said. “We’re working together. We have some great results, we have tremendous spirit and I think it’s something that’s just going to happen very shortly.”
For his part, Trump pitched the House plan Friday as a proposal that ends Obamacare tax hikes — saving hundreds of billions of dollars, he said — and the law’s unpopular individual mandate, which he said “forces Americans to buy government-approved plans.”
As far as Obamacare, he warned, “As bad as it is now, it’ll get even worse.”



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump’s first job report beat expectations, with the economy adding 235,000 jobs in February and the unemployment rate ticking down to 4.7 percent. 
The jobs figure marks a slight dip from last month’s report of 238,000 new jobs, but still represents a strong first showing for a president who has promised to add 25 million new jobs to the economy over the next decade. 
Story Continued Below
Unemployment was down slightly from January’s 4.8 percent. Average private sector earnings were up 6 cents over January , when they rose 5 cents. Wages were up 2.8 percent over February 2016.
Analysts surveyed by Bloomberg had predicted the creation about 200,000 jobs, an unemployment rate of 4.7 percent, and an increase in hourly earnings of 0.3 percent. The payroll company ADP estimated Wednesday based on its own records that February job growth in the private sector was 298,000. According to BLS, the private sector added 227,000 jobs in February, up from 221,000 the previous month.
Trump questioned the legitimacy of Labor Department data last year on the campaign trail, but he now appears to embrace economic numbers. Moments after the jobs numbers were released, Trump retweeted a tweet from the Drudge Report that said "GREAT AGAIN: +235,000," with a link to a Bloomberg story.
Other Republicans were also quick to embrace Friday's jobs numbers. House Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady said in a statement that the report "is a good sign that our economy is moving in the right direction." 
Taking credit for the economy could prove a risky move for Trump. Friday’s jobs report all but guarantees the Federal Reserve will hike interest rates by one-quarter point next week. The Federal Reserve is expected to hike interest rates multiple times this year, which will likely slow economic growth. 
Trump came under fire in February for the chaotic rollout of his travel ban and for his team's shadowy dealings with Russia. But Friday’s jobs report and other surveys suggest employers are looking past the mayhem. The National Federation of Independent Business’ President and CEO Juanita Duggan said prior to Friday’s report that “the post-election optimism we’ve seen among small businesses has led to more job openings.” The optimism stems from the expectation that a Republican president and Congress will deliver regulatory relief and tax cuts. 
Weather may have also played a role in February’s strong jobs report. Because February had milder weather, earlier than usual seasonal hiring in industries like construction may have boosted jobs numbers. 
Analysts reacted positively to the report. Tony Bedikian, head of global markets for Citizens Bank, told CNBC it's "hard to see any negative signs in this report." He added that "this should put the Fed strongly on the table for next week's potential tightening."
Elise Gould, senior economist at the left-leaning Economic Policy Institute, said that Friday's jobs report showed "solid employment growth" but cautioned that it was too early for the Trump administration to take credit for the report. 
"It’s important to remember that President Trump inherited an economy that was already making steady progress towards full employment," she said in a statement. 
Gould also noted that while wage growth was "among the strongest we have seen in recent months, it still does not make up for the years of stagnant wages for the vast majority of American workers."
The jobs report followed news from the Commerce Department last week that GDP increased 1.9 percent during the fourth quarter of 2016. That was lower than the third quarter’s 3.5 percent but higher than the second quarter’s 1.4 percent and the first quarter’s 0.8 percent. For the year, GDP increased 1.6 percent, down from 2.6 percent in 2015 and 2.4 percent in 2014. The Commerce Department’s third cut at estimating fourth quarter growth and 2016 growth will be released March 30. 
Labor force participation remained low at 63 percent, up from January’s 62.9 percent, close to its lowest level since the 1970’s.



ARTICLE
The fate of Obamacare may lie in the hands of a number-crunching Republican appointee whose bottom line might single-handedly blow up the GOP quest to repeal and replace it. 
 Congressional Budget Office Director Keith Hall was handpicked two years ago by top Republicans in Congress— including now Health and Human Service Secretary Tom Price — to lead a nonpartisan office that will soon release its estimate of how many Americans the Republican health care bill will cover and whether it shrinks or balloons the federal deficit. 
Story Continued Below
With the House repeal bill under attack by Republican moderates worrying about coverage and conservatives fuming about entitlements and spending, the CBO assessment will matter. It’s widely expected early next week.
Hall, in the post for two years, has signaled that his office won't soft-pedal the coverage assessments. If a health plan doesn't have comprehensive benefits, it won't count as coverage. Fearing a bad CBO "score," Republicans facing backlash in their drive to gut Obamacare are turning the budget agency and its team of professional economic analysts into a punching bag as they try to discredit it.
President Donald Trump hasn’t directed any of his tweet fury — #FAKESCORES? — at Hall. But the White House press secretary has landed jabs.
“If you're looking to the CBO for accuracy, you're looking in the wrong place,” Sean Spicer said Wednesday at a briefing where the CBO came up repeatedly. “They were way, way off last time in every aspect of how they scored and projected Obamacare.” 
Hall wouldn’t grant an interview. His predecessor, Democratic appointee Douglas Elmendorf, said roughly 40 people across different CBO divisions were involved in evaluating Obamacare’s impact. A former CBO staffer estimated that the number assessing the Republican American Health Care Act repeal bill is probably much smaller, about 10 or 15 people. CBO declined to comment.
Hall and former CBO directors have defended the office’s work as an unbiased view into how legislation affects the budget and overall economy, although the office has been dinged over its Obamacare estimates, which have undergone several revisions (some in response to changes the Republicans or courts made to the 2010 law such as making state Medicaid expansion optional). Yet Hall may end up being an unlikely hero for Democrats as they try to stop Republicans’ bill from becoming law. 
The political limelight is not Hall’s natural milieu, and his professional history didn’t set him up to be a GOP foil. He’s a measured, conservative labor economist who worked at the White House Council of Economic Advisers and the Bureau of Labor Statistics under President George W. Bush. He also did a stint at the right-leaning Mercatus Center think tank.
Liberals were frosty when congressional Republicans — including Price, then chairman of the House Budget Committee — selected him to lead CBO in February 2015. He was on record as arguing that Obamacare was detrimental to the U.S. labor market, and also criticized proposals to raise the minimum wage. 
“Based on Mr. Hall’s writings, it appears that we have very different views on a range of issues, and he would not have been my first choice,” Sen. Bernie Sanders said at the time. “His opposition to increasing the minimum wage and his resistance to sound strategies for eliminating poverty place him outside the mainstream.”
But Hall has sometimes surprised.
He was appointed to head CBO as Republicans in Congress revised rules for how the office would assess the impacts of legislation — a switch to what’s known as “dynamic scoring,” which lets CBO incorporate broader economic effects of proposed policy changes. Yet Hall’s use of that technique hasn’t always resulted in estimates that help the GOP agenda. 
Notably, the CBO two years ago said fully repealing Obamacare would boost the federal deficit by $353 billion over 10 years. Even with “dynamic scoring,” the office still put the repeal price tag at $137 billion. That’s not the message Republicans were looking for as they attacked the law as money-guzzling big government.
And in one highly significant report in December — which set up the possible upcoming clash with the Republican Congress — Hall’s CBO said it wouldn’t count skimpy health plans as coverage in its scores. In other words, people with limited health care benefits that are unlikely to protect them against expensive or catastrophic medical events won't meet the CBO standards for health coverage. 
That means the CBO score of a Republican plan is almost certain to be less favorable than that of Obamacare.
“Members of Congress are often frustrated with CBO’s estimates of the effects of legislation because those estimates sometimes make it more difficult for those members to advance legislation they believe in,” said Elmendorf, who led the CBO from 2009 to 2015.
Under Elmendorf, the CBO also ruffled Democratic lawmakers’ feathers, in particular when it said the labor market would have 2 million fewer workers in 2025 because of the health care law. Republicans immediately used those findings to claim that Obamacare killed 2 million jobs. 
Further back, a tough assessment — including a blunt statement about the expanded role of government in health care — by CBO Director Robert Reischauer in 1994 was one of many events that doomed the health reform initiative of President Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton.
But Hall so far seems unperturbed by the repeal-and-replace fuss. Two former colleagues both described himj as “unflappable,” and noted that though he has free-market economic views, he’s never been partisan in any of his Washington roles. 
“This is just a time when you need someone like Keith who is calm and steady,” said Charles Blahous, a senior research fellow at Mercatus and a former Social Security and Medicare trustee. “That doesn’t mean that CBO’s going to get everything perfect. But I think it would be very, very bad for the current debate if the CBO director were viewed as an advocate. Then you’d really have a problem.”
Benjamin Page, whose work for the CBO spanned from Reischauer in the 1990s to Hall and who is now at the Urban Institute, stressed the professionalism of his former colleagues, no matter who is running Congress.
“I can’t say enough about the analysts,” Page said. "People really care there about getting the answer right.”



ARTICLE
The prevailing narrative about when President Donald Trump launches his most reckless tirades involves the absence of the two people viewed as the great moderating influences in his life: his daughter Ivanka and her husband Jared Kushner. 
The couple are Orthodox Jews who observe the Sabbath, which runs from sundown Friday until sundown on Saturday—the time when Trump has been most likely to go off-leash. 
Story Continued Below
Last Saturday morning, for instance, Trump accused President Barack Obama of tapping his phones during last year’s election — and followed up the startling allegation with a nonsequitur about Arnold Schwarzenegger driving “The Apprentice” ratings into the ground. His first weekend as president, Trump phoned the National Park Service director on Saturday asking for photographs that would demonstrate the size of the crowd on the National Mall during his inauguration. Trump signed his botched travel ban at 4:48 p.m. the following Friday, after Kushner had left the White House. 
Even “Saturday Night Live” has picked up on the meme: “When the Jews are away, the goys will play,” Alec Baldwin, in character as Trump, proclaimed in one skit. But some rabbis say the conceit is misguided and potentially inflammatory amid the recent rise in anti-Semitic threats. They include Rabbi Haskel Lookstein, who oversaw Ivanka Trump’s conversion to Judaism in 2009. 
“I think it’s a very foolish assumption to say that in some way, people in the Trump administration wait until the Sabbath so they can make decisions that otherwise, other members of the Trump administration might weigh in on,” said Lookstein, rabbi emeritus at the Kehilath Jeshurun congregation on Manhattan’s Upper East Side. 
“I think it’s playing around with religious behavior,” added Lookstein, who remains close enough to Kushner and Ivanka Trump that they invited him to deliver the invocation at the Republican National Convention last summer—an opportunity he ultimately declined. “The way in which I believe Jared Kushner and Ivanka observe the Sabbath is they observe it together with their children,” he said. “They’re disconnected—but anything could be discussed.” 
 Kushner and Trump have traveled with the president to Mar-a-Lago five out of the past six weekends, and there’s no reason why Kushner couldn’t discuss matters of state—or Twitter—with his father-in-law on the Sabbath, Lookstein said. 
 Orthodox Jews in government positions have found ways to fulfill their roles without interrupting their observance. Sen. Joe Lieberman, an Orthodox Jew, walked to the Capitol from his home in Georgetown to vote on the Affordable Care Act in 2009. Jack Lew, who served as Obama’s chief of staff and later as Treasury secretary, said he’d have been willing to pick up the hotline on weekends, knowing his boss would call only in an emergency. 
 Kushner and Ivanka Trump are intensely private about their religious practice, and don’t discuss it even with other White House aides. In New York City, they often attended billionaire Ron Perelman’s private shul, rather than go to services at Kehilath Jeshurun on the Upper East Side, Lookstein’s synagogue, which is within walking distance from their apartment. In Washington, D.C., they have yet to join a congregation, in large part because they have barely spent time here on the weekends. 
A White House spokeswoman declined to comment for the story, as did a spokeswoman for Ivanka Trump. 
Kushner told Vogue in 2015 that he and his wife turn their phones off on Shabbat. 
But last October, when Trump was embroiled in a scandal involving the release of a 2005 “Access Hollywood” video that showed him bragging about kissing and groping women against their will, Kushner broke from his typical Shabbat routine and huddled with his father-in-law and other top aides to discuss strategy—though he walked from his apartment to Trump Tower in Midtown Manhattan. He and his wife also attended Trump’s inaugural balls, held on a Friday night. 
The rules of Shabbat “are not so black and white,” explained Rabbi Avidan Milevsky, the interim rabbi at Kesher Israel, an Orthodox Jewish synagogue in Georgetown. “The black and white in traditional Judaism are actions and activities: using electricity, driving, writing. When it comes to work, it’s a little bit of a gray area in terms of what’s permitted to be discussed.” 
But he said it was a “dangerous misconception” to assume Kushner was out of touch and off the grid during Trump’s most inflammatory moments. “It implies that anything disastrous is somehow indirectly to be blamed on Jared’s absence—and by extension, Jews,” Milevsky said. “It’s a dangerous narrative—this idea that he’s not allowed to discuss these things on the Sabbath is absolutely false. Take a few steps, and it reaches the conclusion of, ‘Here’s another thing we can blame on the Jews.’ Jared is not locked in a room. It was a cool idea, and it got some press, but it is a dangerous and false narrative.” 
Other rabbis take a harder-line view of what it should mean to observe the Sabbath. “Discussion should not be about business-related matters,” said Democratic strategist Hank Sheinkopf, who was ordained as a rabbi in 2011. “Don’t be in the room where business is taking place. Don’t put yourself in a position where you might violate a prohibition.” He said that many observant Jews don’t even read the newspaper on the Sabbath, but admitted Kushner is in an unusual scenario. “It is an extraordinary act to remain religious and have a job like that,” he said. 
Within the White House, Kushner is not seen as a moderating influence so much as a structural influence. He’s concerned with making sure the administration delivers on his father-in-law's campaign promises and asking big-picture questions about implementation rather than weighing in on the actual policies themselves. 
Trump’s friends said there’s a much simpler explanation for why the president makes his most outlandish statements on Friday night or Saturday morning: his intuitive understanding, honed from years of working the New York City tabloids, of when he can get the most attention. 
“He understands the news cycle,” said NewsMax CEO Chris Ruddy, a Mar-a-Lago member and longtime friend of Trump’s. "It’s an opportunity to get out news on a Saturday, when other news organizations aren’t pushing too much new. 
"He realizes that Saturday is a free media day for him.” Ruddy admitted that it’s not always helpful to the functioning of the government to have Trump tweeting based on information he has seen on television. On Wednesday, for instance, press secretary Sean Spicer had to clean up Trump’s Saturday wiretapping tweet. “There is no reason that we have to think the president is the target of any investigation whatsoever,” he told reporters at the regular White House briefing. 
 “So many of the comments may impact various departments of the government,” said Ruddy. Beyond relying on Kushner and Ivanka Trump as the president’s better angels, he admitted, “there may need to be a better process.” 



ARTICLE
Facing mounting roadblocks on Capitol Hill, the White House is pleading with political supporters across the nation to pressure congressional Republicans to support President Donald Trump’s health care overhaul.
During a national conference call Thursday evening, White House political director Bill Stepien told Trump backers and national Republican Party officials to pressure members of Congress to support key planks of the president’s agenda — notably his plan to replace Obamacare. 
Story Continued Below
“To continue the progress that’s being made — specifically on the court, and specifically on Obamacare — [Trump] really needs your help,” Stepien said on the call, which lasted nearly 20 minutes. “We need to do this as a team.”
“You’re on this call because you’re a person of influence in your state, in your district,” he added.
Trump is pushing a health care reform effort, yet he is facing congressional opposition — including from conservative members of his party, many of whom are unhappy with the plan, which this week began working its way through Capitol Hill.
Stepien was joined by his deputy, Brian Jack. They described the call, which a POLITICO reporter listened in on, as a routine check-in with the president’s supporters, with the next one slated to take place next month.
At one point, Stepien, a political veteran who for years worked for New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, said Trump’s ambitious agenda wouldn’t pass unless his supporters mobilized.
“We need your help,” he said.
Stepien also outlined the work Trump had done during his first seven weeks in office, noting that Friday marked the 50th day since the inauguration. 
“It’s pretty astounding,” he said, adding that the president was “delivering on the promises he made as a candidate.”



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump is sticking to his comfort zone.
Trump has spent each of the 48 nights of his presidency either at the White House or at his private Mar-a-Lago Club in Florida. He has dined out in the nation’s capital just once — and that was a trip to his own Trump International Hotel for well-done steak. 
Story Continued Below
Aside from visits to a Florida elementary school and a Boeing plant — both en route to weekend breaks at Mar-a-Lago — he’s stayed within the presidential bubble even when venturing beyond Washington, visiting military installations and speaking at a large campaign-style rally.
Trump has shown a willingness to cast off the routine elements of his job — the baby-kissing and glad-handing that his predecessors used to stay in touch with voters. Instead, he relies on Twitter as his megaphone — and on cable television to give him a daily sense of what the public is thinking. 
Aides say they don't expect Trump to do much retail politicking — he doesn't love shaking hands — but will keep doing large rallies, including one scheduled for next week in Nashville. The rallies were part of his campaign routine that he loved because he was energized by large crowds. On foreign trips, one administration official said, his staff expect him to schedule “just as much time as he needs to be there.” 
Trump is expected to make several appearances across the country next week — but he is likely to head back to Washington at night.
His habits in the White House so far comport with what friends in New York say about his pre-political life. He has long been a creature of comfort, eschewing some of New York's glitzy balls and galas to instead stay at home, watch TV and dine in his apartment, while watching sports and calling friends. After winning the presidency, he largely stayed in his apartment or at Mar-a-Lago, venturing out once in New York to the 21 Club for dinner. He is happy to not go outside. 
“He's not a guy who likes to be away from his own bed,” said Chris Ruddy, a longtime Trump friend and the CEO of Newsmax, who visited Trump recently at the White House. “He doesn't want to tour or travel for the sake of traveling. If he can get in a round of golf in Scotland, he'll do that. But you're not going to see him just spend three days shopping and visiting friends.” 
On Tuesday, when public White House tours resumed for the first time since Trump took office, the president surprised a group of schoolchildren by hopping out from behind a screen to greet them. But other than that, he’s spent much of his time with people he already knows. He’s hosted CEOs and other executives at the White House at least 11 times in his 2½- month-old presidency. He’s huddled with the leaders of America’s automotive, pharmaceutical, retail, health insurance, financial and airline giants. Sitting around a large boardroom, while quizzing others round-robin, is a scene he is comfortable with and feels he can control. 
Part of Trump’s seeming distance from the real world may simply be the result of comparison to recent history and Trump's top aides. According to Washingtonian, President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama went to at least 80 D.C. area restaurants during their time in the White House, a record for the modern era. They also made a habit of visiting local bookstores and haunts like Ben’s Chili Bowl.
Vice President Mike Pence, who has already made a foreign trip and is regularly at the Capitol meeting with lawmakers, has stepped in to fill the void. It was Pence who took up a rake to clear damage at a Jewish cemetery in Missouri, and it is Pence who will be dispatched to Louisville, Kentucky, this weekend to pitch the new health care law. Others frequently dine with guests at the Trump International Hotel or show up for dinners at embassies. 
Trump keeps it real by talking to his old New York friends, using a cellphone that he personally answers, and he stays up late watching TV, before getting up early to watch more TV and read the newspapers.
“Because he loves to work, he sleeps only three or four hours a night. It’s most convenient for him to live close to his office which is what he did in New York, what he’s doing at the White House,” said Ronald Kessler, a Trump friend who met him while writing a book on Palm Beach in the late 1980s and regularly attends the Mar-a-Lago New Year’s Eve festivities. “He loves his own territory, he almost never goes to another restaurant aside from his own eating facilities.”
At Mar-a-Lago, he usually sticks to the same routine. He wakes up early, reads newspapers and watches TV and tweets before heading to the links. He then makes calls or takes meetings in the afternoon, before dining among the crowd and greeting guests at night. "You aren't going to see him sitting by the pool," one person who knows him well said. 
Part of that, Kessler says, is because of Trump’s years as a celebrity and a walking brand. Unlike Obama, who used his presidential outings to draw attention to innovative chefs or small-business owners, Trump is focused on making himself the center of attention. “At Palm Beach, you will never see him at a restaurant, and part of it is to promote his own brand,” Kessler said. 
And he has surprised friends by liking the White House so much and not wanting to return to New York most weekends.
“I said the president was not going to be happy — White House — with all the security, but Melania told me he loved it, he was calling her every night — he loved the job, he was working more hours than ever before,” Ruddy said. “It's amazing to me that it's the same Donald Trump I've always known. He is doing the same things. Now he's talking a lot more about politics and the government instead of his businesses and TV show.” 
Last weekend, the vice president spoke at the Gridiron Dinner, and he has frequently gone out to dine in Georgetown, according to people who know him. Trump has stuck to often eating his favorite dish in the White House: meatloaf.
“He doesn’t change,” said Kessler. “He is a creature of habit. … And it works for him.” 



ARTICLE
Sen. Ben Sasse seems none too pleased that the Trump White House won’t answer what the Nebraska Republican feels is a straightforward question: Should WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange be behind bars? 
Sasse wrote to Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Thursday, demanding to know whether the Justice Department believes Assange — whose WikiLeaks recently dumped a trove of documents that detailed the CIA’s alleged surveillance tactics — broke the law and if the feds are “aggressively” pursuing him. The senator chairs a key Senate Judiciary oversight panel.
Story Continued Below
He pointedly said he was directing his request to DOJ because, in his view, the White House declined to answer the question directly. Earlier Thursday, White House press secretary Sean Spicer was asked whether Assange, who is currently at the embassy of Ecuador in London, should be in prison. 
“I think the U.S. government had a position on Julian Assange ... in the past. And I don't see anything that's changed that,” Spicer said. “He has compromised ... and undermined our national security.”
Spicer then referred further inquiries to DOJ. A Justice spokesman said the department will review the letter from Sasse — a frequent and high-profile antagonist of Trump during the campaign — and declined further comment.
“Frankly, it is amazing that I even have to ask this question of the administration in light of the Intelligence Community’s formal assessment that Mr. Assange’s website is a known outlet for foreign propaganda and in light of Mr. Assange’s history of recklessly endangering the lives of Americans through his illegal disclosures,” Sasse wrote to Sessions. “Nevertheless, because Mr. Spicer referred this matter to DOJ, I am now asking you.”



ARTICLE
FBI Director James Comey briefed congressional leaders Thursday on Capitol Hill amid an outcry over President Donald Trump’s claim that President Barack Obama wiretapped Trump Tower in the runup to the election.
Comey is briefing members of the so-called Gang of Eight, the top Republicans and Democrats in the House and Senate, plus the chairmen and ranking members on both chambers’ intelligence committees. These eight lawmakers are periodically updated on the nation’s most sensitive intelligence matters, including counterintelligence investigations on U.S. citizens.
Story Continued Below
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) and Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) both declined to comment as they left their meeting with Comey on Thursday afternoon. The FBI director is set to meet later Thursday with the four House members of the Gang of Eight.
Comey has reportedly asked the Justice Department to issue a statement rebutting Trump’s wiretapping claims, something the department has not done. A spokesman for Obama has denounced Trump's Twitter statement as "simply false."
His briefing with lawmakers also comes as the leaders of the House Intelligence Committee are questioning whether the intelligence community has been as forthcoming as it should be with the Gang of Eight about counterintelligence investigations. 
House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes (R-Calif.) told reporters earlier this week that while news reports cited intelligence agencies' scrutiny of contacts between Trump campaign members and Russian officials, the committee was never made aware of such investigations.
“If Trump or any other political campaign, anybody associated with Trump, was under some kind of investigation, that clearly should have risen to the Gang of Eight level,” Nunes said. “Clearly we have some questions about whether or not last year we were read into everything that we should have been read into.”



ARTICLE
The chairman of the Office of Government Ethics said the office remains concerned about Kellyanne Conway’s “misuse of position” to promote Ivanka Trump’s products and the White House’s decision not to discipline to her. 
“Not taking disciplinary action against a senior official under such circumstances risks undermining the ethics program,” Chairman Walter Shaub wrote in a letter to Stefan Passantino, deputy counsel to the president. 
Story Continued Below
Conway, counselor to the president, infamously endorsed Ivanka’s clothing line live on Fox News Feb. 9 soon after department store Nordstrom announced it was dropping the line. 
“It’s a wonderful line. I own some of it,” she said. “I fully — I’m going to give a free commercial here. Go buy it today, everybody. You can find it online.”
Shaub, responding to an earlier letter from Passantino, also criticized the White House’s “extraordinary assertion” that many OGE regulations are not applicable to employees in the Executive Office of the President. Previous administrations have not found it “appropriate” to question the OGE’s authority, he wrote.
“The assertion is incorrect, and the letter cites no legal basis for it,” he wrote. “It is critical to the public's faith in the integrity of government that White House employees be held to the same standard of ethical accountability as other executive branch employees.”
The OGE does not have the jurisdiction to take disciplinary action against any executive branch employees who are not OGE employees. In a separate letter to House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz and ranking member Elijah Cummings, Shaub explained when an agency declines to take action, the only other step the OGE can take is to notify the president. 
“In this case, however, the White House's response makes clear that disciplinary action will not be taken,” he wrote. 



ARTICLE
White House press secretary Sean Spicer expressed certainty that the legislation introduced this week by House Republicans to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act will ultimately succeed, telling reporters that “this bill will land on the president's desk. He will sign it. We will repeal Obamacare.”
Spicer defended the three-pronged process by which Republican leadership on Capitol Hill and the White House are attempting to shepherd the bill along, which the press secretary said allows for more transparency and opens an opportunity for “additional legislative vehicles.”
Story Continued Below
While the White House and Republican leaders in both the House and Senate have been bullish on the legislation’s prospects, others in the GOP are more skeptical and some are outright opposed to the measure. Conservatives in both houses of Congress have announced they will oppose the bill, at least in its current form, because it leaves in place too many provisions from the ACA that they found troubling.
And in the Senate specifically, four GOP senators have announced they cannot support the bill because of its cuts to Medicaid.
Sen. Tom Cotton (R-Ark.), who in an interview Wednesday morning said House Republicans were moving “too quickly” on the repeal-and-replace legislation but said it has “some good measures,” wrote on Twitter that the bill “can't pass Senate w/o major changes.”
While Spicer offered a defense of the approach Republican leaders and the White House have taken in undoing former President Barack Obama’s signature legislation, many of the conservative lawmakers have called for a so-called clean repeal that strips away the ACA completely so that it can be replaced entirely by a new, presumably conservative-friendly bill.
Spicer refused to say if President Donald Trump, who has insisted that Obamacare be repealed and replaced at the same time, would sign such legislation, insisting instead that the bill introduced this week by House leadership is the one that Trump will ultimately sign.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump is about to get his first major economic report card.
The February jobs report, out on Friday morning, will be the first to measure employment gains that occurred entirely under Trump’s presidency, a key moment for a man whose pledge to “Make America Great Again” catapulted him to a surprise victory in November.
Story Continued Below
The number is expected to come in fairly strong, possibly well over 200,000, slightly above the average of the last year. The jobless rate, which Trump derided as fake during the campaign, is expected to decline a tenth of a percentage point to 4.7 percent.
The president is likely to cheer a strong number — as he did for the prior month's figures — even though he and other Republicans regularly ripped similarly robust job creation under President Barack Obama.
Trump has already been tweeting about jobs numbers this week, including a gain of 298,000 in a survey of private payrolls by ADP that came in well exceeding expectations. “Great news. We are only just beginning. Together, we are going to #MAGA!,” the president tweeted Wednesday.
But in 2016 after winning the New Hampshire primary, Trump told supporters not to believe “phony numbers” coming out of the U.S. Department of Labor. “The number is probably 28, 29, as high as 35,” he said of the unemployment rate. “In fact, I even heard recently 42 percent.”
These “phony” numbers are now Trump’s to own even though at this point his policies could not really be responsible for most of the jobs created in February. Analysts say renewed business confidence and soaring stock prices since the election could play a role if the jobs number comes in higher than expected. But mostly, it will reflect a continuation of a trend that began under Obama when unemployment peaked at 10 percent in October 2009.
“I would say it’s a bit early to attribute much of the strength [to Trump],” said Jim O’Sullivan of High Frequency Economics. “It’s not clear that the trend in employment growth has changed much since the election. I emphasize that it was already pretty strong. That being said, the surveys have picked up for sure and the equity market is up pretty sharply.”
Jobs reports are backward looking, showing evidence of what occurred in the economy in previous months. So while Trump may claim credit, it’s not clear he will deserve it.
“One of the most important elements of analyzing labor market reports is that they’re lagging indicators so they tend to be a reflection of what has been happening in the economy in the prior six months to a year,” said Frances Donald, senior economist at Manulife Asset Management. “The jobs numbers that we’ll see six months from now will probably be a better reflection of the new administration.”
Trump will also be confronted with the tough realities of a labor market he promised to fix.
On the campaign trail, Trump regularly cited the statistic that 94 million Americans were not in the labor force. While technically true, the number includes more than 50 million retired people and students who don’t want or need to be in the labor force.
Trump also cited a declining labor force participation rate that has been stuck near 40-year lows. The decline predates the last recession that ended in 2010 and reflects, at least in part, demographic trends including an aging workforce that will be hard for Trump to reverse.
Trump has also promised to boost wage gains and create a renaissance in low-end manufacturing jobs in the Rust Belt through tax cuts and a more aggressive trade policy that protects American workers. He will face challenges in that area as well.
After bottoming out in early 2010 at the depths of the recession, manufacturing has added about 1 million jobs over the past seven years. And government data show that there currently are more manufacturing openings than people able to fill them, something manufacturing CEOs mentioned to Trump in a recent White House meeting.
“The jobs are there, but the skills are not,” one CEO said according to reports of the meeting.
To deliver on his promises to boost domestic manufacturing jobs, Trump will likely have to focus on worker re-training and vocational schools, something that has not been a major part of his agenda. He also will have to deal with the rise of robotics replacing low-end manufacturing jobs.
Trump will also soon be running into a Federal Reserve that believes the economy is already at what it considers “full employment” and that sees wage gains, expected to rise again in the report on Friday, as hitting the point where they threaten to unleash dangerous inflation.
That means the central bank will likely increase interest rates next week and keep doing so throughout the year, which could contain further increases in worker paychecks and keep unemployment from dropping much more than what it is now.
Trump is taking office during an economic expansion that is already among the longest on record. Even with his planned tax cuts, regulatory relief and infrastructure spending, driving the jobless rate even lower will be a difficult task. The early jobs reports of the Trump era could end up being the best he sees for a while.
“His fiscal stimulus will be coming very late in the economic cycle,” said Steven Ricchiuto, chief U.S. economist at Mizuho.
Republicans beyond Trump will have to do rhetorical flips to praise jobs reports they often derided under Obama. “After another quarter of weak economic growth, today’s positive jobs report doesn’t mask the fact that, month after month, quarter after quarter, year after year, hardworking Americans have been waiting for the economy to improve under the Obama administration,” House Ways and Means Committee Chair Kevin Brady said last August after a jobs report showing a gain of 255,000, a number similar to the one expected on Friday.
But Brady is already sounding very different notes.
“I’m incredibly optimistic about the direction our economy is heading under President Trump,” Brady said in a statement ahead of Friday’s report. “His top priority is creating jobs here at home to improve the lives of all Americans.” 



ARTICLE
NEW YORK — Janet Yellen is heading toward a potential war with President Donald Trump.
The Federal Reserve chair, with one year left in her tenure as the world’s most powerful central banker, is almost certain to announce a hike in interest rates by one-quarter point next Wednesday.
Story Continued Below
She and her Fed colleagues could boost rates further throughout this year, potentially putting a lid on a stock market rally the president loves to celebrate and taking the punch out of a package of tax cuts and infrastructure spending the White House hopes will juice the economy next year and beyond.
And if the Fed conducts an aggressive campaign of rate increases, economists say it could spur a recession in Trump’s first term that dogs Republicans in the 2018 midterm elections and complicates the president’s potential reelection bid in 2020.
“We know from history that a lot of funky things happen in Fed tightening cycles,” said David Rosenberg, chief economist at investment firm Gluskin Sheff and Associates. Of the 13 cycles of rate increases since World War II, 10 landed the economy in recession, he noted. The three that didn’t took place in the third year of an expansion — not the eighth year, which the economy is in now.
The potential confrontation between Trump and Yellen stems from their opposing views on the state of the world.
Yellen and other members of the Fed increasingly see the U.S. economy as operating near its peak potential with unemployment as low as it can go without sparking inflation and the stock market flirting with irrational exuberance.
In a speech last week, Yellen delivered a remarkably stern warning on the path of rate hikes this year while wrapping it in typically wonkish Fed language: “In the absence of new developments that might materially worsen the economic outlook, the process of scaling back accommodation likely will not be as slow as it was in 2015 and 2016,” she said while essentially promising a rate hike next week barring some kind of catastrophe such as a shockingly weak jobs report on Friday.
Yellen has repeatedly hinted that fiscal stimulus coming out of the White House and Congress could push the Fed to respond with more aggressive hikes.
Trump’s view of the economy is pretty much the exact opposite. During the campaign he described the U.S. as painfully stagnant and argued the “real” unemployment rate is as high as 42 percent. In his inaugural address, Trump described a landscape of “American carnage” dotted with shuttered factories and filled with discouraged workers.
He promised giant tax cuts, revamped trade deals and stimulus spending to boost growth from its current 2 percent rate to 4 percent or better and spark a wave of manufacturing hiring.
That will be hard to deliver under any circumstances, but particularly if the Fed is pumping the brakes by pushing up rates that will make it more expensive for companies and individuals to spend and invest. “It’s much less fiscal stimulus and much more response to the Fed that drives economic cycles,” said Rosenberg. “Ronald Reagan came in in 1980 and cut taxes but that did not prevent recession. When the recovery started in 1982 it’s because [Fed Chair Paul] Volcker cut rates dramatically.”
All of this means Trump, and his famously itchy Twitter finger, could start putting the blame on the central bank if faster growth doesn’t materialize. Trump has already taken repeated aim at Yellen, ripping her for not raising rates faster under Obama and suggesting he will replace her when her term is up in 2018. Presidents generally avoid direct confrontations with Fed chairs. But Trump has largely dispensed with many other traditional restraints on presidential commentary.
Last September, Trump said Yellen “should be ashamed of herself,” adding that “they want to keep the market up so Obama goes out and lets the new guy raise interest rates — or her raise interest rates — and watch what happens to the stock market.”
If the stock market and economy reacted badly to Fed hikes, Trump could go on the offensive once again, analysts suggest.
“It’s impossible to predict what Trump could tweet about this,” said David Smick, a Washington-based economic strategist. “I can’t imagine the economic and finance-types in the Trump administration would go to public war with Janet Yellen. But you never know with Trump. He might do exactly that.”
And Trump would not be entirely unjustified in complaining about the timing of the Fed’s rate increases. The central bank planned to gradually boost rates in each of the past two years but held off, hiking just once each year after getting spooked by low oil prices and unrest in Europe and other global markets.
Now the central bank is in something of a bind, with inflation returning to the Fed’s target of 2 percent and stocks racing ahead on hopes for big tax cuts. The fear among even those Fed board members most averse to interest rate hikes, such as Lael Brainard, is that if the central bank doesn’t push rates fairly quickly back to a more normal range, they could fall behind inflation and be forced into more dramatic — and recession-inducing — increases.
“There’s a strong feeling that the Fed should have raised rates earlier and been in a situation now where they are much closer to neutral policy,” said Smick. “Now the question is whether they are too far behind.”
John Silvia, Wells Fargo's chief economist, said that might explain why the Fed is acting pre-emptively now.
“Maybe it’s a lesson of the last two years, because remember a couple of times in the last two years — 2015, 2016 — the Fed was sitting there ready to move and then something came up,” Silvia said. "So maybe they said, 'Wait a minute, we can’t do this anymore. Opportunity knocks; let’s take it.'"



ARTICLE
For most of 2016, the New York Daily News was America’s paper of opposition to Donald Trump. But in the months since the election, just as Trump’s war with the press started going nuclear, the Manhattan-based tabloid has largely pulled back on its famous anti-Trump covers in favor of a decidedly more measured tone.
The change followed a shakeup in editorial leadership just weeks before Nov. 8. The previous editor, Jim Rich, had been resisting pressure from management to soften the Trump covers, people familiar with the matter said. He was told they were diminishing an already much diminished print subscriber base, these people said, particularly among blue-collar readers in certain corners of New York’s outer boroughs, where Trump’s nationalistic populism apparently resonates in a way that is anathema to the city’s cosmopolitan districts and immigrant enclaves.
Story Continued Below
After Rich stepped down on Oct. 18, his successor, the Pulitzer Prize-winning, longtime News fixture Arthur Browne, made clear in a meeting with editors that he believed the paper’s front-page Trump coverage needed to take a different direction, sources familiar with the remarks told POLITICO. At times, he has described the earlier anti-Trumpism as an “adventure,” according to someone who heard the remark, suggesting that the adventure is over.
Now, many News staffers and alumni feel like the air has been sucked out of the room, and they are perhaps coming to terms with the notion that Trump is more popular with segments of their readership than they thought, even in deep blue New York. 
“The dissent is probably close to unanimous,” one insider told POLITICO.
Throughout almost all of last year, the News fired off dozens of withering front pages opposing Trump’s candidacy — collected here in an online photo gallery — that were tailor-made to grab the attention of the national media and go viral online. It was a classic tabloid campaign, and it made people take notice of “the Newly Relevant Daily News,” as The New York Times described the century-old publication in a favorable profile last year.
That was then, this is now: The past four months have produced more ammunition than the entirety of Trump’s campaign. Yet even as many mainstream outlets have come under siege from the new administration, reaping the benefits of a “Trump bump” in the process, the News seems less inclined to bring out the cannons.
Out? Page 1 battle cries to “STOP THE DON CON” or “BURY TRUMP IN A LANDSLIDE” or “DELETE YOUR CAMPAIGN!” Takedowns like “OFF HIS MEDS!” or “HAD EYES FOR A 10-YEAR-OLD” or “LOCK HIM UP!”
In? Treatments that are generally more even-handed, sometimes delivered with an uppercut, but nonetheless a far cry from the swashbuckling crusade that put the News on the map during election season.
At a glance, this past Sunday's front page about the president’s unsubstantiated claim that his predecessor wiretapped Trump Tower — “NUTS!” — might seem like a scathing attack. The difference, some insiders would argue, is that under the previous regime, the News would have called Trump out directly, and aggressively, for being deceitful. (Hypothetical headlines: "YOU'RE THE TRAITOR!"; "BIGGEST LIE YET!")
The anti-Trump “adventure” began when Rich was named editor in chief in September 2015 after rising through the ranks over the course of his 11 years at the News. On the heels of a similarly high-profile gun-control campaign kicked off by Rich’s predecessor, British tabloid veteran Colin Myler, Rich “doubled down on Myler’s emphasis … of publishing to the new digital beat: faster, more national, and increasingly fueled by a certain populist partisan glee,” as Sridhar Pappu put it in a New York magazine feature last January.
“The latest and most visible manifestation of that new strategic direction,” Pappu wrote, “is a reinvention of the paper’s ‘wood’ — newsman-speak for page one — for an era of hyperpartisan social sharing. Just as tabloid covers used to amuse, inform, and outrage passersby on the sidewalk, enticing them to pick them up and read all about it, the Daily News has arguably been the most aggressive and successful newspaper brand at turning the old-school institution of a front page into an irresistibly ‘like’-able image on Facebook ”
Covers like this one of Trump beheading the Statue of Liberty, from the Dec. 19, 2015 edition, were the talk of TV news and digital media, and the bosses seemed thrilled. During a rare newsroom appearance last January, according to people who were there, owner Mort Zuckerman, the 79-year-old real estate mogul and long-time Democratic donor, gushed about what the News was doing and all the buzz it was getting. At one point, according to two of the sources present, he turned to Rich and quipped, “Where have you been all my life?” (It’s no secret in New York media circles that Zuckerman’s health is in decline, which is why he has now fully stepped away from running the paper, entrusting that responsibility to his nephew, Eric Gertler.)
Starting in the summer, however, Rich began hearing complaints from management, according to sources familiar with the matter. They said he was asked to dial down the Trump fronts because they were costing the News subscriptions in places like Brooklyn, Queens and Staten Island. After Rich stepped down amid a disagreement putatively having to do with cost-cutting, it quickly became clear that things were about to change. (Rich would not comment for this story.)
Browne did one more front page in the previous mold — “HOUSE OF HORRORS,” with an upside down American flag on the White House lawn — the day after the election. But it was “the last of that breed,” a News journalist said, adding that the change “was jarring and confusing, and it felt like the rug had been pulled out from under us.”
In an interview, Browne disputed that the shift was a business calculation. Rather, he said, it had to do with covering Trump the candidate versus Trump the president.
“It’s one thing when you are taking a stand against a candidate both on personality and on policy grounds, and you want to depict him as a clown,” Browne said. “Once an election is over, I think it would be counterproductive and ineffective to continue to depict someone as a clown. How many times can you do that? ... The difference here, and I think this is really significant, is that we’re not attacking or commenting on the man. We are reporting on the policies and the actions as this administration plays out.”
Nevertheless, there’s a palpable sense of demoralization within the newsroom. Even if not everyone was on board with Rich’s approach, which people who worked for him agreed was “polarizing,” the place had begun to feel like it was alive again, and on a mission.
Unlike broadsheet newspapers, such as The New York Times and The Washington Post, which keep their opinions in the opinion section even when their news coverage veers into adversarial territory, tabloids have a long tradition of adopting strong positions on divisive issues, and of editorializing or advocating on the front page. That’s how the News was able to get a piece of the Trump story despite the atrophy of its national political-reporting muscles.
“Even if we weren’t in a position where could really be breaking Trump news because we don’t have a big staff or resources, we were still able to be a leading voice in the conversation because we were channeling the outrage around his rhetoric,” a News journalist told POLITICO, summarizing frustration within the newsroom thus: “Now that much of the country and the rest of the world is galvanizing, we’re taking a step back. … The energy has left the room. It just really feels like a missed opportunity. That’s what’s killing me.”
Brown pushed back on the suggestion that the way the News has handled Trump under his editorship has been soft or cautious. During a phone call, he rattled off a list of recent front pages that he said didn’t pull any punches, including: “RUSSIAN FOR THE EXIT”; “CLOSING THE GOLDEN DOOR”; “BANANAS!”; “POOR BABY!” and “WAR ON TRUTH.”
“I will leave you to make the judgment about those front pages and the consistency of the coverage,” he said.
But various current and former News journalists pointed to specific examples they said were “galling,” as one put it. For instance, the day after Trump unloaded on the media during an hour-and-a-half news conference, a spectacle that dominated the news cycle into the weekend, Trump wasn’t even the lead story on the wood — he was eclipsed by Jets cornerback Darrelle Revis’ assault and robbery charges. (The New York Post that morning went big with Trump done up in circus garb: “WILDEST SHOW ON EARTH - Ringmaster Don whips media in epic rant.”)
The cover that raised the most eyebrows among News insiders and tabloid-ologists was the paper’s inauguration edition, “DON OF A NEW DAY.” It was shocking, some of them said, not just because of its reverential tone, but because it was the exact same headline used by the Post, a red-blooded rival owned by Trump-supporting mogul Rupert Murdoch. (And a reliable proponent of right-wing causes over the years, whereas the News has traditionally been more progressive.) 
“I saw that, and my jaw hit the f--king floor,” said someone who worked at the News for a long time but would only comment anonymously, like most of the current and former News-ers who spoke with POLITICO for this article. “To align so perfectly on this, that was to me where the News reached rock bottom.”
“The ‘Don of a New Day’ cover was a disgrace, and it was so disheartening for those of us who took pride in what the Daily News had done with Trump and the election,” said Andy Martino, a reporter at the News before opting to take one of the buyout packages offered to staff at the end of last year. “After nearly two years of calling Trump what he is — a clown and a dangerous racist, among other things — the paper normalized him at the worst possible time. That told you all you need to know about the shift away from an essential place in the conversation.”
Browne, who was head of the editorial board when it published an 8,000 word piece laying out why Trump shouldn’t be elected, isn’t fazed by the critics.
“They can be galled all they like,” he said. “If somebody is an anti-Trump partisan, and believes the Daily News should carry out their own anti-Trump partisanship, then that’s too bad.”
In any case, as America goes farther down the rabbit hole of Trump’s chaotic, confounding, anything-goes presidency, and as his war with the news media (presumably) intensifies, there will be no shortage of opportunities to ignite some real tabloid fire in New York, a media and political capital where Trump’s history with the tabloids is the stuff of legend.
 “I think the potential is still there for them,” said George Rush, the former longtime Daily News gossip columnist. “Their best way of staying in the story is to take the role of the gadfly, and to do it with satire, because that’s what resonates. If they don’t continue to roast him, I think it would be a missed opportunity.”



ARTICLE
In a private Oval Office meeting with conservative activists Wednesday, President Donald Trump sold Paul Ryan's health care bill as strong and necessary. But minutes later, his top aides offered some willingness to consider changing some of the core provisions, even as Trump himself suggested a fallback position — that they could try again in two years, and Obamacare will fail on its own, leaving Democrats to take the blame.
In other words, Trump was ready to deal. 
Story Continued Below
The president and his top officials crisscrossed Washington to sell conservatives on a contentious health care plan Wednesday, one day after a rocky rollout and criticism from the right had many questioning the plan's fate. But the White House team offered seemingly different messages at times, according to sources familiar with the meetings — leaving lawmakers, activists and others convinced the administration wanted to pass the plan quickly for fear of losing momentum but uncertain how many changes, if any, they'd be willing to accept. 
Trump huddled at the White House with top activists from The Heritage Foundation, Club for Growth, Tea Party Patriots and Americans for Prosperity, whose big checkbooks and vast network of activists give them outsize influence. The groups have trashed Ryan's bill — calling it "Obamacare-lite." They left heartened that the administration was open to major change, including moving up a rollback of the current Medicaid expansion to 2018, a year earlier than the Ryan bill would. The administration also said it was open to delaying changes in the insurance market happening in 2018 and 2020, people in the meeting said. 
"There were a number of changes that were discussed," said Jenny Beth Martin, who leads the Tea Party Patriots. 
Yet at a breakfast meeting of Grover Norquist's anti-tax group, Kellyanne Conway, the president's counselor, indicated the bill as written would be close to the final product. At a meeting in their headquarters near the White House, Conway told Norquist's group that the bill was essentially a done deal — and that "the White House is behind the bill, and if it failed, it would be a big failure for the president," according to a person familiar with her remarks. Another person familiar with her remarks said Conway intimated it would be a big problem for Republicans running for re-election in 2018.
"This is a full-court press," Norquist said. "They want to make sure that Republicans know they ran against Obamacare for six years, and voting against repealing it is a make-or-break issue for their careers."
One senior administration official said: "The time for major input and ideas is over." Asked about the bill, another senior administration official said: "It's just a bill."
A White House spokesman couldn't be reached for comment.
In an attempt to win a vote, Trump had dinner at the White House with Sen. Ted Cruz and his wife. During the campaign, Trump famously called the Texas Republican "Lyin' Ted," and he promised to "spill the beans on his wife." Vice President Mike Pence dined with senators at his residence and talked to local TV stations. Top aides called governors across the country and chatted with House leadership on a strategy. Some lawmakers received personal calls from Trump's office. The White House has to overcome widespread opposition, from hospital and health care groups to Republican senators to conservative House members. 
It remains unclear whether Trump has sufficient votes in either body.
Many conservatives in the House and Senate were careful not to criticize Trump — worried about the power of his Twitter account and the potential wrath from constituents over voting against a repeal effort. As if to underscore that point, Trump is planning to go to districts where he is popular and some of the lawmakers live.
Still, many conservative lawmakers remain hopeful they can secure some concessions during negotiations. 
"It will be fun," said Rep. Dave Brat of an invitation extended to conservatives to bowl at the White House in the coming days. Right now, the Virginia Republican opposes the Ryan plan. "He's a negotiator. I can't wait!"
Some called for the process to slow down, as Ryan's office aims for a vote in two weeks. And others huddled with Trump aides, trying to figure out the scope of changes they would consider. 
“The Trump administration said they were open to amendments,” said Rep. Joe Barton (R-Texas), who is offering an amendment to phase out the current Medicaid expansion in 2017 rather than 2020. “The Freedom Caucus, of which I am a member, has come out in opposition — at least informally, to the bill. ... If they accept my amendment or some version of it, it would … go a long way toward getting conservatives to support the bill.”
Republican Study Committee Chairman Mark Walker (R-N.C.), who railed against an older draft of the bill last week, also suggested he could possibly support the measure if leadership were to adopt Barton’s amendment. He also wants them to consider changing health care tax credits included in the Ryan measure. Conservatives say the credits will create a new entitlement, and they’re pushing leadership to change the provision to a deduction, which doesn’t allow lower-income Americans, many of whom don’t pay taxes, to receive checks in the mail.
“We’ve come up with two things that we’re asking for some help on: One is the refundability of the tax credits and the second thing is an immediate freeze on the Medicaid expansion — well, not immediate, within the 115th Congress,” he said. “If we had some help on those two areas, then I’ll go ahead and say for the first time, we’ll be a hard yes.
Privately, senior Republicans sources say they’re dreaming. Such changes to the bill would likely turn off moderate members of the conference. GOP leadership will do whatever it needs to “protect” the legislation from poison pills that kill it — and many top Republicans believe these might tank the repeal effort.
In the meeting with activists, who sat around the president's Oval Office desk in a semi-circle, Trump made a 90-second case for tax credits, the people with knowledge said. Top aides like Conway, strategist Steve Bannon, chief of staff Reince Priebus and legislative affairs head Marc Short were present butstayed mostly silent, and Trump largely listened during much of the meeting. Budget Director Mick Mulvaney and domestic policy aide Andrew Bremberg led discussions. 
The administration showed a willingness to consider moving Medicaid changes from 2019 to 2018 and insurance changes from 2020 to 2018, the people with knowledge said, surprising some of the activists — who thought there might be less policy flexibility. It was unclear whether Trump would actually move forward, several people with knowledge of the situation said. 
"There was no budging on tax credits," one official in the meeting said. "That remains the biggest sticking point." 
The activists and the administration squabbled over a bill put on the president's desk in 2015. The activists said that bill didn't have tax credits, while the administration maintained that it did, the people with knowledge of the meeting said. Neither side conceded.
"We detailed the concerns we had, especially on the tax credits," said Tim Phillips, who leads Americans for Prosperity, the Koch brothers group.
Martin said the administration reminded them there would be several phases and that they promised to "do a lot from the regulatory standpoint in phase two," while adding that phase three — which allows people to buy insurance across state lines — is "moving along much faster."
In her briefing with Norquist's group, Conway also emphasized the importance of the phases, a person familiar with her comments said. "These are three planes leaving Casablanca — it's not a panic," Norquist said. 
Former Sen. Jim DeMint, who leads The Heritage Foundation, said he was hopeful the administration will continue to work with his group, particularly on expanding health savings accounts. He spent much of his time broaching that subject. But he didn't leave supporting their plan."I was most impressed they had a number of policy people there, and we were really able to talk," he said. 
"We will continue to oppose the bill as it is," he said. "We don't want a new federal program that locks in a new entitlement."
Annie Karni contributed to this report. 



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump's former national security adviser Michael Flynn wrote an op-ed on Election Day calling for the U.S. to kick out an anti-government Turkish cleric without disclosing he was being paid by a firm linked to the Turkish government, according to documents newly filed with the Justice Department.
POLITICO reported in November that Flynn's consulting firm, Flynn Intel Group, was lobbying for a Dutch consulting firm with ties to Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. The new documents confirm that Flynn lobbied for the Turkish-linked firm, Inovo BV, before and immediately after the election. They also reveal that Flynn’s firm secretly met with the Turkish foreign and energy ministers in New York less than two months before the election. According to Inovo’s founder, Kamil Ekim Alptekin, the meeting was with Flynn himself.
Story Continued Below
The documents reveal that Inovo BV paid Flynn's firm $535,000 between Sept. 9 and Nov. 14. The firm's assignment focused on Fethullah Gülen, a Turkish cleric living in exile in Pennsylvania whom the Turkish government accuses of masterminding a failed coup against Erdogan last summer.
Flynn's firm disclosed it was lobbying for Inovo in September but did not register with the Justice Department as a foreign agent. Robert Kelner, a lawyer for Flynn's firm, wrote in a letter to the Justice Department on Tuesday that the firm believed at the time that the congressional disclosure was sufficient but is now registered retroactively as a foreign agent.
"Nevertheless, because of the subject matter of Flynn Intel Group's work for Inovo, which focused on Mr. Fethullah Gulen, whose extradition is sought by the Government of Turkey, the engagement could be construed to have principally benefited the Republic of Turkey," Kelner wrote. "To eliminate any potential doubt, the Flynn Intel Group therefore is electing to file a registration under FARA, in lieu of its prior LDA registration."
Flynn resigned from the Trump administration in February over calls he made to the Russian ambassador to the U.S. during the transition. Price Floyd, a spokesman for Flynn, said that Flynn had decided to retroactively register with the Justice Department “out of an abundance of caution.”
Of Flynn’s work, Price would say only that “he was hired by Inovo BV to help repair the perception of the business climate in Turkey with key audiences in the U.S. following the attempted coup.”
Flynn's op-ed, published in The Hill, argued the U.S. shouldn't provide "safe haven" to Gülen, whom Flynn compared to Iran's Ayatollah Khomeini. "We need to see the world from Turkey’s perspective," Flynn wrote. "What would we have done if right after 9/11 we heard the news that Osama bin Laden lives in a nice villa at a Turkish resort while running 160 charter schools funded by the Turkish taxpayers?"
The op-ed never disclosed that Flynn was being paid to work against Gülen, describing Flynn only as a "former director of Defense Intelligence Agency and the author of New York Times bestseller 'The Field of Fight.'" Floyd declined to comment on why Flynn didn’t make the disclosure.
Flynn’s firm continues to maintain his op-ed wasn’t tied to his firm’s work for Inovo. “The op-ed was not written or published at the request of, or under the direction or control of, Inovo, the Republic of Turkey, or any other party,” Flynn’s firm reported in the filing. “No compensation was received for the publication of the op-ed.”
Alptekin, who is also the chairman of the Turkish-American Business Council, an arm of Turkey's Foreign Economic Relations Board, told POLITICO in a phone interview from Turkey late Wednesday evening that Flynn has written the op-ed of his own accord and that he had misunderstood some of the finer points of Turkish politics. Flynn tried to tarnish Gülen’s supporters by comparing them to “one of the best friends of the Turkish government, the Muslim Brotherhood,” Alptekin said, which he would have advised against.
“I really think that he’s not very politically savvy,” Alptekin said. “He acts on his motivational impulse.”
But Flynn’s firm’s statements repeatedly undermine its assertion that the op-ed wasn’t tied to its work for Inovo. Flynn’s firm acknowledged in a filing that Bijan Rafiekian, another member of Flynn’s firm who also registered as an agent of Inovo, “and an editor, Hank Cox, participated in the drafting” of the op-ed. Cox was paid $300 by Flynn’s firm several weeks later. (Rafiekian was later named to Trump's transition team working at the Office of the Director of National Intelligence. He did not respond to a request for comment.)
Flynn’s firm also admitted that “the op-ed addresses subject matter related to the research that Flynn Intel Group conducted for Inovo, and a draft of the op-ed was shared with Inovo in advance of publication. No changes, other than technical edits, were made to the op-ed based on feedback from Inovo. To the best of our knowledge, Inovo did not communicate with the Republic of Turkey regarding the op-ed or provide the draft op-ed to the government.” SGR LLC, a Washington firm that Flynn’s firm hired to do public affairs work on the Inovo project, also helped to place the op-ed in The Hill, according to the filing.
Alptekin never spoke with the Turkish government or anyone else about the op-ed, he said.
“If this was a Turkish government attempt and we were trying to hide it — imagine how dumb we all are,” Alptekin said.
Flynn’s firm also disclosed a meeting between “Flynn Intel Group” and the Turkish foreign and energy ministers in New York on Sept. 19. Alptekin confirmed that the meeting had taken place and that Flynn himself had attended it. But he said he’d set up the meeting in his capacity as chairman of the Turkish-American Business Counsel, not as the head of Inovo, and that Flynn had attended a Trump adviser, not as a contractor for Inovo.
Alptekin had to push hard to convince the Turkish foreign minister to take the meeting because he expected a Hillary Clinton victory, Alptekin said. 
“In all honesty, the Turkish ministers didn’t realize that Flynn would be an important person,” he said. “Nobody expected Trump would even win.”
Flynn's firm did more than write op-eds, according to the filings. "Flynn Intel Group was tasked to perform investigative research for a specified scope of work using its laboratory team of senior defense, diplomacy, development, and intelligence professionals over a three-month period," the firm disclosed. "Flynn Intel Group was to retain an experienced filming and production crew in order to develop a short film piece on the results of its investigation, and a public affairs firm to utilize for public affairs as needed. Flynn Intel group held weekly calls with the client to report engagement progress."
Flynn's firm reported spending nearly $250,000 on the project. Flynn himself received $12,000 for "Administrative Support" — including a $4,000 check on Nov. 22, four days after Trump tapped Flynn as national security adviser. The firm spent $40,000 with SGR LLC, a Washington consulting firm, but it doesn't appear the firm ever produced a video.
SGR "was engaged but the video was not completed or disseminated, to the best of our understanding," Flynn's firm reported. "Because this is a retroactive registration prepared after Flynn Intel Group had already begun to close operations, this registration is based on documentation currently available to Flynn Intel Group," the report continues. "If additional relevant information is later identified, Flynn Intel Group will amend its registration.” SGR never produced a video, according to the firm.
Among other Inovo-related expenses, Flynn's firm also reported paying $1,200 for an "interview" to Rudi Bakhtiar, a former Fox News reporter who said she was fired after rejecting a colleague's advances. It was not immediately clear what the payment was for. Bakhtiar didn’t respond to a request for comment.



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
Even as rancor reigns on Capitol Hill, President Donald Trump is taking tentative steps on two issues that still offer a chance of bipartisan success: infrastructure and prescription drugs. 
The hurdles remain steep for Trump. Democrats say they’ve seen few signs that he’s ready to act on campaign promises that would require bucking congressional GOP leaders — or that he can work with his critics on ideas where they might align. 
Story Continued Below
But two liberals who’ve been critical of the president, Reps. Elijah Cummings and Peter Welch, left a White House meeting on curbing drug prices Wednesday feeling good about their chances for buy-in from Trump. Democratic lawmakers also are holding out modest hopes that he might meet them in the middle on infrastructure investment, which was the focus of a lunch meeting Wednesday. 
Welch told Politico that he reminded Trump that, like many in the GOP, Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price — a former House Republican who was also in the room — “has always had some significant reservations” about allowing Medicare to negotiate drug prices. 
“The president seemed undeterred by that,” the Vermont Democrat said. 
Cummings also called Trump “enthusiastic and clearly aware of the problem” of pricey prescription drugs after the meeting, at which the two Democrats told Trump they plan to introduce legislation on the issue within weeks. 
Trump appeared to hint at a reversal of his campaign-trail support for federal price negotiation last month after a sitdown with pharmaceutical executives, but White House press secretary Sean Spicer later told reporters that the president’s stance was unchanged. 
“The politics of this ultimately would be good for everybody,” Welch said, despite the Democratic base’s mistrust of and frustration over Trump’s broader agenda. 
The politics of an infrastructure deal also hold promise for both parties — if they can bridge the yawning gap between the still-undefined White House proposal, which revolves around tax credits, and Democrats’ plan for direct government spending. 
Trump held a Wednesday lunch on infrastructure with Vice President Mike Pence, three Cabinet secretaries and an array of stakeholders that included Lynn Scarlett, a managing director of the Nature Conservancy and former George W. Bush administration official. 
Trump’s prime targets for outreach on infrastructure — Democrats who hail from states that he won in November — are ready to listen but are raising big questions for the White House. 
“I think it’s a good sign” that Trump is working on both infrastructure and lowering drug prices, said Sen. Bill Nelson (D-Fla.), who faces a tough reelection battle next year. But on infrastructure, he warned, “The critical question becomes: How do you pay for it?” 
Delaware Sen. Tom Carper, ranking member of the crucial Environment and Public Works Committee, said he extended Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao’s team an “open invitation to at least talk about this stuff, and they did not take the bait.” 
Carper chalked up the lack of communication to the Trump administration being “very shorthanded, everywhere.” But he added that “if they’re serious, the idea of talking to the senior Democrat on the committee of jurisdiction” would be helpful. 
The House’s senior Democrat on infrastructure issues, Oregon Rep. Peter DeFazio, is having better luck with the White House. DeFazio said he had “a nice chat for about half an hour” last week with the White House’s top infrastructure adviser, former Koch Industries executive D.J. Gribbin. 
“I laid out my ideas and priorities, and he listened politely and reflected on some of them — but no commitments,” DeFazio said in an interview, echoing Carper in his advice that Trump step up the Democratic outreach. 
“If he really wants a massive investment in infrastructure that includes real money and not just pretend, then he’s going to have to work with Democrats, because there’s a bunch of people here who won’t vote for it,” DeFazio said. “A bunch of Republicans.” 
One of the red-state Democrats who’s already gotten ample face time with Trump, West Virginia Sen. Joe Manchin, praised Trump for doing “what the president should be doing, reaching out to both sides of the aisle.” 
If Trump “can find an answer” on the high cost of prescription drugs, “I’m open,” Manchin added. 
Many Democrats, however, remain deeply skeptical of Trump’s ability to work with them, even on issues in which his brand of populism aligns with their agenda. 
“While he simultaneously criticizes the future of our country’s infrastructure, he wants to gut the very agencies that help address these vast needs,” Sen. Patrick Leahy, the Appropriations Committee’s top Democrat, said Wednesday at a hearing on infrastructure. 
The liberal grass roots is even more wary of any deal with Trump. For activists who are increasingly shaping the Democratic agenda, the president’s controversial travel ban and draconian budget cuts represent proof that he’s not serious about bipartisanship on prescription drugs or fixing roads and bridges. 
“That ship was never in the dock” to sail on a partnership between Trump and Democrats, said Murshed Zaheed, who worked for former Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid and is now political director for the liberal group CREDO Action. “We have a person in charge who has no regard for our government and how it works, and no regard for how lawmakers make policy.” 
Heather Caygle contributed to this report. 




ARTICLE
The Heritage Foundation has been cozying up to top White House aides and congressional leaders for months, hoping to put its conservative imprint on President Donald Trump’s policy agenda. But the first major bill that Republicans proposed — to repeal and replace Obamacare — runs completely afoul of Heritage’s priorities and threatens to upend a critical relationship between conservative activists and the Trump administration.
Now the 44-year-old think tank must decide whether to stay in the administration’s good graces by compromising some of its core values to get things done or embrace its long-standing reputation as a political bomb-thrower.
Story Continued Below
What’s happening at The Heritage Foundation is a revealing example of the path the group has taken from conservative rabble-rouser to insider. And it’s a test of how conservatives in the Trump era cope with being part of the establishment.
Health care offers the first reality check of Heritage’s rosy relationship with Trump. The powerful and vocal group wanted Republicans to repeal Obamacare immediately after his inauguration and worry later about a replacement. Instead, congressional leaders moved forward haltingly and then proposed what many conservative groups are calling Obamacare-lite — a bill that leaves hated parts of the health care law like the Medicaid expansion and so-called Cadillac tax intact for a few years.
Heritage Action, the 501(c)(4) associated with the foundation, quickly bashed the bill on Tuesday, calling it “bad politics and, more importantly, bad policy.” Former Sen. Jim DeMint, Heritage Foundation president, is slated to go to the White House later Wednesday to discuss the bill with Trump, according to a Heritage source, part of Trump’s broader push to win over conservative groups.
Interviews with more than a dozen Heritage staffers, many of whom worked on Trump’s presidential transition team, give an inside look at how the group is trying find middle ground between agitator and deal maker.
Before the draft Obamacare repeal bill even came out, DeMint said Republicans never would have found themselves in this situation had they scrapped Obamacare right away.
“If they had pushed through, as a lot of us had hoped and a lot of members of Congress said they would, the first week of the Trump administration — if they had put the bill through the House and Senate that had passed in 2015, then all of the town hall disturbances would be about how they’re going to replace it,” he said in an interview with Politico last week.
And health care will not be the last fissure between Heritage and the administration. DeMint has been quietly working behind the scenes for months to kill policy proposals that depart from Heritage’s conservative values.
He brought together top congressional leaders and key White House officials last Wednesday for a closed-door, two-hour dinner at the think tank to talk about tax reform and to raise concerns about the border adjustment tax, a linchpin of House Speaker Paul Ryan’s tax reform plan, three sources told Politico.
Among those who attended: Ryan, Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady; Sens. Pat Toomey and Rob Portman, as well as White House deputy chief of staff Rick Dearborn and White House Director of Legislative Affairs Marc Short. Ryan and Brady’s offices did not respond to requests for comment.
Other tensions also are brewing: Heritage has long called for entitlement reform, something that Trump has so far largely shied away from. The think tank has also questioned spending billions of federal dollars on fixing the country’s roads and bridges. Trump has promised to pursue a $1 trillion infrastructure package, but he has not yet specified how much of that money would come from federal coffers.
DeMint is quick to downplay the potential clashes. “It’s unlikely that they’re going to do anything that’s a perfect fit for what we do,” he said, “because our job is not to compromise, but to put the flag in the ground in the right place and try to build public support for the right ideas, so that politics can move in the right direction.”
“That’s just our role: to call balls and strikes, as we say, on what really happened and not get tied up into personalities or parties,” he added.
Though they may differ with Trump on key issues, Heritage officials maintain that they are largely in step with the president. “The percentage of stuff that we wouldn’t do, that’s probably in the 5 [percent] to 10 percent range,” one Heritage official said, adding, “My guess is 80 percent of the policy will be fine.”
The Heritage Foundation is closer to Trump world than any other administration since that of Ronald Reagan, a relationship cultivated as part of a strategy to give it deep influence. DeMint has strong ties to Vice President Mike Pence. The two have been friends since they served in the House together. Pence also spoke at a Heritage event late last year. DeMint also is close to Dearborn and Short, according to Heritage staffers, many of whom worked on the transition.
Heritage staffers, like Becky Norton Dunlop and former President Ed Feulner, populated the sparse Trump transition offices during the early days of the operation, while other Heritage staffers spoke frequently with Ryan’s office about health care and tax reform during the transition, according to a former Republican House leadership aide.
Now, several Heritage experts work in the White House, like Paul Winfree, the director of budget policy and No. 2 at the Domestic Policy Council — to say nothing of the dozens of ex-Heritage people serving on the so-called beachhead teams inside federal agencies, or as White House liaisons.
“We’ve got the playbook in place. Now, it’s just a question of execution,” said a source close to Heritage, who played a senior role in the transition.
Still, some close to Republican congressional leadership question its influence. “Heritage is never determinative, but they can certainly make things more difficult,” said a former Republican leadership aide.
The tight-knit relationship between the think tank and Trump dates to 2015, when Trump met DeMint before the Republican primaries at a gathering of conservative groups in Iowa. The two stayed in touch, and DeMint went to Trump Tower later that year to meet with the real estate mogul before he announced his bid for the presidency.
The meet-ups paid off. Just after Trump appointed New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie as head of the transition, Christie’s two top transition aides went to Heritage for a morning of meetings in the boardroom and lunch.
“I give Sen. DeMint great credit,” said former top transition official and lawyer, Bill Palatucci. “He and his entire team were there and had prepared specific presentations from personnel to policy to running a transition.”
Toward the end of the presentation, Ed Meese, former attorney general under Reagan, offered his own recommendations on how Reagan, another entertainer-turned-politician, had set up his White House.
From then on, Heritage sought to make itself an indispensable resource for Trump, with think tank staffers regularly distributing their policy proposals and blueprints to his team. DeMint discussed possible Supreme Court picks with Trump during a March 2016 meeting at the law firm Jones Day, and Trump was seen on tape giving DeMint a hug after a January ceremony at the White House in which he announced the nomination of Neil Gorsuch to the high court.
DeMint never publicly criticized Trump, like many other conservatives did and always offered Heritage as a resource to Trump’s thinly staffed campaign and transition.
Heritage officials said DeMint strongly encouraged staff to work for Trump’s transition, without taking a leave from the think tank. “Sen. DeMint believes very strongly that personnel is policy,” a Heritage official said. “He made it clear to the staff that he would support them working for the administration.”
A Heritage official said more than 30 staffers worked on the transition in some capacity, or now work in the administration.
And Heritage staff often act as a conduit between the White House and members of Congress, sometimes even helping to set up meetings, according to Heritage officials. It’s all part of DeMint’s broader strategy of placing Heritage allies across the government, even though DeMint insists that the think tank staff function only as a resource for politicians, not as decision makers.
Officials at the White House Office of Management and Budget are using Heritage’s budget blueprint, which calls for deep cuts at many federal agencies, as a guide as they finish Trump’s first budget proposal, sources said.
“We’ve been waiting at least eight years for the opportunity to have someone that wants to hear us in the White House,” a Heritage official said.
For DeMint, the goal is to pass as much conservative policy as possible to set up Trump for another four years — and that includes the current fight over health care.
“If the House doesn’t move something relatively quickly,” DeMint said, “it’s going to create a blockade for tax reform and other things that really need to be done in order for the public to see the benefits of those by next year.”




ARTICLE
Former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman has been offered the job of U.S. ambassador to Russia and is in the process of submitting paperwork to accept the position, two administration sources have confirmed. 
Huntsman, who served as ambassador to Singapore under President George H.W. Bush and then to China under President Barack Obama, was an outspoken critic of President Donald Trump during last year's campaign. 
Story Continued Below
He was officially offered the Russia post earlier this week.
Huntsman did not respond to a POLITICO request for comment. Sources say he plans to accept the job, one of the most sensitive and high profile ambassadorships, especially given the FBI and congressional investigations into Russian President Vladimir Putin's apparent efforts to tip last year's election in his favor and contacts between Russian officials and the Trump campaign.
Should Huntsman accept and be confirmed as ambassador, it could come as a relief to Utah Republican Sen. Orrin Hatch, 82, who is up for reelection next year. Huntsman has been seen as a potential challenger.
Last October, Huntsman—who ran for president as a Republican in 2012—called on Trump to withdraw after a 2005 Access Hollywood video surfaced in which he bragged about his ability to sexually assault beautiful women. 
But Huntsman has since warmed to the president and the two have maintained a cordial relationship, according to a source with knowledge of their recent conversations.
"It's a bit bizarre because he was so anti-Trump last year," said one source close to the administration. "But it's also a smart choice, because he really knows his [stuff]."



ARTICLE
Nearly two dozen senators on Wednesday slammed the White House for proposing major cuts to the Coast Guard's budget to help pay for President Donald Trump’s border wall and stepped-up immigration enforcement.
“We urge you to restore the $1.3 billion cut to the Coast Guard budget, which we firmly believe would result in catastrophic negative impacts to the Coast Guard and its critical role in protecting our homeland, our economy and our environment,” write 23 senators, led by Maria Cantwell (D-Wash.), to OMB Director Mick Mulvaney.
Story Continued Below
They warned the cuts “would directly contradict the priorities articulated by the Trump administration, in particular the priorities regarding enhanced maritime security needs and desire to invest in our national security.”
In draft budget documents first reported by POLITICO, the Coast Guard’s budget for fiscal 2018 would be reduced 14 percent to $7.8 billion, while the TSA and FEMA would both see drops of more than 10 percent.
The cuts would help fund Trump’s immigration crackdown, including more than $1.9 billion for Trump’s border wall, $915 million for border surveillance technology and $285 million for the first tranche of new Customs and Border Patrol agents and Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers.
Hardest hit would be the Coast Guard's budget for new helicopters, vessels and other equipment, including the cancellation of a new national security cutter, the Coast Guard's largest ship class.
The senators — 20 Democrats and three Republicans — argue that the Coast Guard's acquisition of the cutter and new polar icebreakers should not be sacrificed given its major role in drug interdiction efforts and port security.
The Trump administration has not finalized its budget blueprint, which is expected later this month, and the full fiscal 2018 budget will be released in the spring. 
The OMB faces tough choices cutting $54 billion from so-called discretionary spending — the optional appropriations, in contrast to entitlements like Medicare and Social Security — in order to pay for Trump's equal increase in military spending in fiscal 2018.
The Coast Guard is considered a branch of the military, but nearly all of its funding comes through DHS, not the Pentagon budget.
Trump administration officials have said the budget is still being finalized and that it’s premature to discuss details. An OMB spokesman did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the senators' letter.
The letter underscores the resistance the proposed cuts face on Capitol Hill, where several senior senators have also come to the defense of the nation's primary maritime security force.
“Given the vital installations they guard and how many drugs and contraband they intercept along our maritime borders, cutting the Coast Guard to pay for a vacuous and expensive vanity project like a border wall would be dangerous and irrational,” Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said in a statement Wednesday.
Appropriations Chairman Thad Cochran (R-Miss.) has also expressed skepticism, saying the proposal to reduce support for the Coast Guard would receive “careful scrutiny in Congress.”



ARTICLE
White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Wednesday that President Donald Trump is in “sell mode,” ready to go out and defend the House GOP's health care replacement bill. 
Acknowledging that the proposed law is “going through the process” on Capitol Hill and that the administration is willing to listen to ideas from critics, Spicer insisted that Trump is “very proud” of the bill as-is. 
Story Continued Below
“We are out in full sell mode all around the country, talking about how we think this is the best way to solve the problem that the American people face and why we believe that the solutions that we put forward in this bill are the right ones and that will benefit them,” Spicer told reporters at Wednesday’s press briefing.
The House bill, meant to repeal and replace Barack Obama’s 2010 health-care system overhaul, was introduced Monday and was met with quick pushback from conservatives in Congress and major groups like the Club for Growth.
The president, Spicer said, plans to play an active role in advocating for it. 
“I think you'll see a lot of travel and a lot of activity by the president and all of the administration,” Spicer said, referring to Trump’s action on the health care law. 
“This is going to be a very, very aggressive, comprehensive approach,” he added, noting that others in the administration, including Vice President Mike Pence, will be involved in meetings on Capitol Hill and take to local radio and television stations to make their case. 
Later on, asked if Trump views the challenge of pushing the bill through Congress as a test of his long-touted abilities as a deal-maker, Spicer offered, “If anybody can get a deal on something, it’s going to be Donald Trump.”
Also at the briefing, Spicer dismissed the criticism of doctors’ groups that have aired concerns about the bill. Spicer, noting that Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price is a physician, argued that lawmakers did consult doctors in drafting the legislation.
“I have respect for some of the work some of these Washington, D.C.-based associations do,” Spicer said. “At end of the day this is about patients and about the input of doctors who are on the front line seeing patients and talking about the care that they’re able to give or not give to people.”



